- Patina & Co. | Transformation Stories | Fiverr: Kind: captions Language: en [music] faq

  Top Comments:
  1. @SujanTech2 [2 likes]: I love fiverr very much.
  2. @wolfeonfire1042 [1 likes]: UNBAN PETE
  3. @KaluSami: I love fiverr very much
  4. @rahanaakter5093: love fiverr
  5. @addingk6205: Let's keep going! Love you
  6. @soyedsepar8504: Good
  7. @mishafiullah: good

- From Raw Image to High-CTR Ad | Creative Transformation Story: Kind: captions Language: en Neopart comes back. This time they need full ad creatives for our cast iron range. They sent two plain white background product photos. That's it. No brief, no reference, just trust. This is what they gave me. Two plain white background product shots. Clean but cold. No emotion, no stories. I placed the product on a dark slate surface. Added fresh vegetables. Three ad creatives, three formats. Square for Instagram. Portrait for reals.

- Great Ideas | Spec Ad | Post-it (2020): Kind: captions Language: en this could be the story of a few people who sit alone in a room chasing their big idea an idea so huge it becomes almost impossible to manage they are ready to suffer to make sacrifices to undergo great stress and at some point they might ask success who is that even for and then they might give up but this story isn't about them it's about big ideas that start as something small a job to do a task to complete a meaning a mission a passion a spark that is inside all of us [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @issrabataineh6940 [2 likes]: where can i find the sound effects used ??????
  2. @DoniyorbekUzoqbouev [1 likes]: What is the name of the music used in the background?
  3. @DuckGold-c2e [1 likes]: Licitacion name
  4. @javieleetoo2213: 0:45 did the 🪳 get pay for its acting tho 😂
  5. @leelora209: WOW 미쳤다
  6. @RamyyaKannan: oh my.
  7. @DuckGold-c2e: Under movies
  8. @WHITETOGREEN: I like this background music
  9. @v-22: I remember an old ad that beats this one. It was the most beautiful and evil ad I've ever seen. It twas for one of these awful chemical companies.
  10. @HitenSanghani: Your energy is contagious.
  11. @CohbyHewe: You’re really good at this.
  12. @norumor: this is insanely good omg
  13. @MuhammedAjmal-j5l: This was better than Netflix today.
  14. @HitenSanghani: I could watch this all day.
  15. @Filmtrend23: Whats is da name of music ????
  16. @CarmenMcCarthdy: Such an interesting perspective.
  17. @JacobVanog: I admire your creativity.
  18. @itdyovitdkyc: Love how authentic this feels.
  19. @ELOus_sama: I'm beginner voiceover,
Can i repost the video with my own voice?
  20. @KadirErtuğ-l1t: En büyük pişmanlığım daha erken başlamamak oldu. Zaman kaybetmişim. Şimdi konuşuyorum, utanmadan, sıkılmadan.

- The Next Ad & TW Steel's Story of Digital Transformation: Kind: captions Language: en The entire advertising market has changed significantly. How do you know which form of advertising suits your company and via which channel? Look, we naturally come from very traditional marketing, just advertising in magazines. We see that the market is also moving enormously towards online, which we are naturally responding to. And ultimately, you start looking for the best parties available in the market. You have n't come into contact with them, and they simply really have a good specialization there, and that's how they do things. They started with them; they are a Facebook marketing partner and a Google Premium partner. For our clients, we run advertising campaigns on our technology platform. There is no one best at performance campaigns, so where the client ultimately wants to achieve a conversion online, to ultimately apply the best optimization for that and ensure that they get the most out of their budget. But in the end, you also need to be able to have a connection with each other, and that was ultimately the deciding factor in really going to work with them, especially that bit of personal contact and the enthusiasm they also had for the brand. There is no question, so to speak, that remains unanswered; there is nothing they do n't know. We have, of course, run the campaigns on Facebook to ensure that people not only get watches noticed but also ultimately proceed to purchase a watch online via the platform, and that is a very nice development. Whereas early in the watch industry a lot was offline via retailers, there is now a very clear movement online, and social media plays a huge role in bringing it to the attention of potential buyers. They have simply deployed our campaigns so effectively to get the maximum return out of them. I think the most important thing is that we know: okay, if we create something, they keep it and get the maximum out of it. Of course, when I enter the market very aggressively, I also get a lot of response from the market. They have developed a very nice tool for this that enables us to communicate very effectively with our customers, providing enormous amounts of valuable feedback that we can then use for subsequent campaigns.

- Something is jamming GPS over Europe. Here's what we found: Kind: captions Language: en - In November 2024, Professor Todd Humphreys, a GPS expert at the University of Texas at Austin, got a mysterious tip-off. Look at two specific days, at exact times in a data set collected years earlier by a network of GPS monitoring stations. These stations continuously record signals from satellite navigation systems, measuring how strong they are relative to background noise. It didn't seem promising. The data was from 2021, and it was publicly available online. So surely if something unusual was in there, someone would have already found it. But Professor Humphreys and his student Zach Clements looked into the data at the two specific times suggested, and they discovered something surprising. At one precise moment, receivers across the network all reported the same thing, a sudden drop in signal-to-noise ratio. In effect, the navigation signals had been overwhelmed. The measured signal-to-noise dropped by roughly a factor of 10. But when they started looking back through the data, they found 75 days since 2019 where these strong disruptions had taken place. And again, and again, the pattern was the same. All these receivers recorded the same drop at the same time. - This effect was being felt all the way across Europe, all the way to the north, to Svalbard, to the south, to Spain, all the way to Canada in the west, as far east as eastern Poland. And in fact, it had a distinct pattern across Europe to where it looked like the blast center was in Poland or Kaliningrad in that area. - So, they wondered what could cause this. At first, they thought perhaps it's interference, something on the ground broadcasting a much stronger signal, drowning out the ones coming from the satellites, which made Kaliningrad an interesting candidate. It's a heavily militarized Russian exclave on the Baltic Sea wedged between Poland and Lithuania. And in recent years, it's become a hotspot for this kind of electronic warfare. So maybe that was it, a side effect of the conflict in the region. But they realized that explanation didn't work. - Even the highest tower in Kaliningrad only affects aviation as far as, say, Denmark. So, we had ourselves a mystery on our hands. We were experienced with interference that you could call local, something on a tower, something on a plane that might cover hundreds of kilometers. But this was different. This was continental scale. - The researchers mapped out all the stations that were affected and asked a simple question. What kind of source could have affected all of them at once? The source on the ground just wouldn't work. The curvature of the earth would block the signal over these distances. The only way to affect such a wide area simultaneously is from high above the earth. And even using the most conservative assumptions, that the source only has to just clear the horizon from the perspective of every station, the geometry shows it had to be at least 1,200 kilometers up. That's way higher than the International Space Station. So, what was causing this? Well, there is one known source of radio interference from space, which is the sun. In November 2025, a major solar storm disrupted GPS positioning globally for several hours. So, could these interference events be caused by the sun? There were certainly question marks. Solar interference typically builds up and fades over tens to hundreds of seconds. But these events were abrupt, short bursts of only three to five seconds. Another important clue was the frequencies that were disrupted. Solar interference typically spans a wide range of radio frequencies, whereas this interference was confined to a very narrow slice, just five megahertz wide, centered at 1,577.5 megahertz. That's right in the part of the spectrum used by GPS. And the final nail in the coffin is that solar radio bursts affect the entire sunlit side of the earth. But what the researchers were seeing here was much more concentrated, consistently centered over Europe. So, Todd and Zach realized the only thing that could be causing this was a satellite, which left them with just one question. - Is it intentional or is it accidental? Both my student and I looked at this and said, unprecedented. We've never seen this before. The world has never seen this before. - [Host] This satellite seemed to be targeting GPS. - Or rather what most of us call GPS. That is just the shorthand. GPS is the American system, but there are others, including the Russian one, the European one, and the Chinese one. And your phone is actually of these satellites to try and tell you where you are. These systems are known as Global Navigation Satellite Systems or GNSS. And when the U.S. military first developed the system in the 1970s, they wanted to prove how well it really worked. So, the GPS program office set itself an ambitious goal to use GPS to drop five bombs in a row into the same hole from a moving plane. - They set up a chair next to the site that the bombs are going to be going into. Wait, what? If anyone doubts that we can drop the bombs in the same hole, you're welcome to go and stand right there and watch out. (bombs blasting) - So how does GPS work? Well, think about what your phone is actually trying to do to tell you where you are. It's listening to signals from satellites. And those signals can tell it two things. First, the position of the satellite in space. And second, the exact time the signal was sent. And then the receiver can compare that to when the signal arrives. And you can use that time difference, multiply it by the speed of light, and you get the distance. So, if it took the signal 0.07 seconds, that must mean you're around 21,000 kilometers away from the satellite. If you're only using a single satellite, that puts you somewhere on a huge sphere around it. Now you can add a second one, and that will narrow your position down to this circle where the two spheres intersect. If you add a third, you will narrow it down to only two possible points. And only one of these is actually on Earth's surface. So, you might think three satellites is all you need. We have three equations, one for each satellite, and three unknowns that are my position, x, y, and z. So, on the left side, I have the geometric distance between me and each of the three satellites. And on the right side, I have the measured signal time, all multiplied by the speed of light. Now, satellites have atomic clocks, so their timing drifts by only three seconds every million years. But my phone does not contain an atomic clock, so its clock can drift by that much in just a couple of days. And a timing error of just 100 nanoseconds throws off your position by 30 meters. So, in reality, each distance is slightly wrong, which means the position you calculate is slightly off too. So now, instead of just solving for position, I also have to solve for the clock error. So, let's call that b. But now I have three equations and four unknowns, which is unsolvable. So, I can fix that by adding a fourth equation or a fourth satellite. Four equations, four unknowns, that makes the system solvable. Okay, but we've made one key assumption, that when I'm calculating my position, I know where the satellite is. And sure, it can tell me where it is, but its position around the Earth and its speed are constantly changing. So how does the satellite actually know where it is in the first place? - The GPS satellites need to be told where they are, and they're told where they are with ground stations that monitor them. And the ground stations have to know where they are to tell the satellites where they are. - [Gregor] But the Earth itself is constantly shifting as the continents move. - So, how do we work out where the ground stations are? You work out using quasars where the ground stations are. - [Gregor] Because they're billions of light years away, quasars appear almost perfectly fixed in the night sky, which means we can use them as reference points, much like early explorers navigating by the stars. A small fraction of quasars are extremely bright radio sources. When those radio waves reach Earth, telescopes around the world detect them at slightly different times. From those tiny differences in arrival time, you can precisely determine the relative position of the telescopes. And by making lots of those measurements over time, you can build a precise map of how the Earth itself moves, continents included. GPS ground stations are tied into that same map. - [Ramsey] The ground stations tell the satellites where they are, and then that's how you work out where you are. (Gregor chuckles) - You just blew my mind. - So, we're always navigating by the stars, just via GPS. - And in reality, your phone isn't connected to just four satellites. It's usually far more than that. Mine right now is using, it's like over 20 satellites. That's because the system is doing much more than just solving for four equations. Say you're on this little street in Paris and you open maps and you try to figure out where you are. Turns out there are a lot of things that can throw this off. There's the relatively simple ones, like taking into account special and general relativity. If you didn't correct for that, your position would drift about 11 kilometers per day, and you can be anywhere within this entire area. So, the satellites are constantly being monitored and updated, and they send down timing corrections that your phone applies in real time. Now, on top of that, in the fraction of a second that it takes for the signal to reach you, the Earth has actually rotated slightly. So, when your phone figures out where you are, it also has to account for the fact where Paris was when the signal was sent, not where it is now. If you don't correct for that, that adds about 20 meters of error, enough that you're not even on the same block. And of course, the signal has to pass through Earth's atmosphere. Now, the ionosphere will add between 5 and 15 meters of error to your position, and the lower levels of the atmosphere, with weather and pressure and humidity, will add another meter or two. So, if you don't account for that, you'll still be on the wrong side of the street. And that's where the extra satellites come in handy. They give your phone extra measurements to separate out the errors and give you a better fix of your position. So ultimately, it can be accurate down to 3 to 5 meters, which is pretty incredible if you think about what it takes to solve this. And with the most advanced GNSS tech, you can push this even further to a few centimeters. But at this point, you actually have to start accounting for stuff like how gravity bends space-time and delays the signal. But all of this only works if you're actually able to hear those signals. - [Ramsey] When the signal arrives from space, it's traveled 20,000 kilometers to get here, and it was only transmitted with about 50 watts of power. So, it's like an old school light bulb two Earth diameters away. - [Gregor] And because that power spreads out over such a vast distance, the received GPS signal at your phone is only about a tenth of a quadrillionth of a watt, or 10 to the negative 16 watts. - It's insanely quiet. - Which means it doesn't take much to drown it out. If you broadcast enough noise at the same frequency, you can overwhelm the signal until it becomes indistinguishable from the background. This is called jamming. And a lot of these navigation systems use the radio spectrum, roughly between 1.1 and 1.6 gigahertz. Lower frequencies travel well through the atmosphere, but they require much larger antennas. Higher frequencies allow for smaller antennas, but the signals are much more easily absorbed and scattered, especially in bad weather. So, this band is a kind of sweet spot that navigation systems rely on. Which means if something interferes with it, it can affect multiple systems at once. That's why this part of a spectrum is tightly protected. Nothing else is supposed to be transmitting here. And deliberately interfering with these signals is illegal in most countries, but something was. Something powerful enough to overwhelm satellite navigation across an entire continent. Which brings us back to the question facing Professor Todd Humphreys. Was this accidental? Or was someone flooding this band on purpose? - It's, you know, a mystery novel here where you're trying to figure out whether it was the butler in the kitchen with the crowbar, right? And we have to put all of the clues together. If it had been random, occurring because of some failure in a satellite, maybe some amplifier gets too hot and misbehaves, then you'd expect it to happen equally likely on a Monday and a Friday, right? - [Host] But when they went back through the data, something strange emerged. The interference events were happening mostly on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays during business hours in Europe. - So, tell me, tell me what amplifier tends to fail during business hours in Europe on Wednesdays. - So now we know this probably isn't random. There's likely human input. But that doesn't necessarily mean it's intentional or malicious. So, the hunt was on to track down the actual source. But that turned out to be harder than you might think. Because there were still so many unknowns. In situations like this, uncertainty can quickly turn into competing narratives. We've seen it before. When the EU chief's plane was allegedly hit by GPS interference last year, over 150 news outlets reported on it. But depending on where you saw the story, your perception could be completely different. If you saw Le Monde first, you might have come away thinking it might be Russia's fault. If you saw Newsweek first, you would definitely think it was Russia. And if you saw this headline, well, you might question the veracity of the story altogether. Three headlines, three entirely different conclusions. That's why we use today's sponsor Ground News. They're a website and app designed to make reading the news easier and more data-driven. Every day they pull in thousands of stories from around the world. And each story comes with visual breakdowns of political leaning, factuality rating and ownership. This is all backed by ratings from three independent media monitoring organizations. Let's go back to that story to see it in action. Right away, you can see that over 150 news outlets reported on the story. Below that, you can see that coverage was split relatively evenly across the political spectrum. And below that, you can check the overall factuality and ownership. Even see who broke the news. They even have a bias comparison feature that highlights specific differences in the contents of the articles. One of my favorite things is their blind spot feed, which shows you stories that are underreported by one side of the political spectrum or the other. Staying informed with accurate information has become a full-time job. But that's what makes Ground News so valuable. Their data-driven approach helps make information accessible and digestible for everyone in minutes rather than hours. So, if you, like us, care about getting to the truth, go to ground.news/VE or scan this QR code. Our link gets you 40% off their vantage plan. So, I wanna thank Ground News for sponsoring this part of the video. And now, back to the hunt for the source. - To do this, we have to set up a kind of elaborate estimation problem, but there are many unknowns. - A jammer works by broadcasting a stronger signal in the same frequency band. It's kind of like yelling over someone whispering. So, if this were a jammer on the ground, you could track it down by looking at signal strength. The closer you are, the stronger the signal will get. But once you're dealing with something in space, that intuition breaks down. To work backwards from signal strength, you'd need to know how much power the satellite was transmitting, and the exact shape and direction of its beam. Even how each receiver's antenna responds to signals arriving from different angles. And at 1,200 kilometers above the Earth, very different satellite positions can produce almost identical patterns on the ground. So instead of trying to pinpoint the transmitter directly, the researchers used a simpler filter. If a satellite caused interference at all these stations at the same time, then it had to be above the horizon for all of them at once. Right now, there are over 15,000 active satellites in orbit. But that one constraint lets you eliminate over 98% of them. That still leaves around 200 possibilities. What's left are satellites in very high orbits, many of them in or near the geostationary belt, where they move at the same rate as the Earth rotates, so they stay fixed over one point. From about 36,000 kilometers up, a single one can see a huge portion of the Earth at once. However, if the same satellite caused multiple events on different days, then it has to satisfy that condition every single time, which narrows it down to just 14 possible suspects. - So, what kind of satellites and countries were in these 14? - Well, there were several interesting candidates. One was a satellite operated by Algeria, and it even had, on public documentation, a transmitter in the same frequency band we were seeing interference on. - So, they took a closer look, and on paper it fit. It was visible to all of the reference stations, and it could transmit in exactly the band they were seeing. This looked like it could be the answer. But they had a nagging doubt that some of the most distant stations in Svalbard and western Greenland, this satellite was barely above the horizon, which meant if it was the source, the signal would have to be skimming across the Earth and just barely glancing into the antenna of these receivers. Now, that's not impossible. Low angle signals can be picked up, but the more researchers looked, the less certain they became that this satellite was actually the source. So, they examined data from GNSS receivers that were tracking this satellite during the interference events. - It looked just like all of the other ordinary GPS signals that were getting hammered by this interference. So, the ratio of the signal power to the background noise also dropped and dropped in the same proportion that the other GPS signals were dropping at the same time. This was not the attacker. This was just another legitimate signal in the L band that had been interfered with. - The Algerian satellite wasn't the source. It was another victim. But what about the other 13? Any one of them could have been visible to all the stations at once. So geometrically, they could all be the culprit. But that's where the trail started to go cold. I mean, none of them had clear public documentation showing they could transmit and jam the right frequencies. And some of them had barely any public information at all. - We couldn't narrow it down further because of all of these things we didn't know about the signals they were broadcasting, how intense they were, what their pattern was. So, there we were stuck for about four months. - And there was an even more fundamental problem. Everything they'd done so far relied on one idea, that all of these interference events were coming from a single satellite. - It was under a really controversial assumption. Controversial in that my student and I just couldn't come to fully embrace this assumption. If we broke our assumption, then that would relieve the focus on geostationary satellites. Then we could open up the focus on many other satellites. But now instead of 13 remaining on our list, it would expand to, you know, maybe 100 or more satellites. - And suddenly, instead of closing in on an answer, it felt like they were back at square one. So, they needed a completely different approach. All the data they had was from GNSS receivers that process everything internally. They lock onto satellites, track signal strength, and then output a clean simplified measurement, how strong that signal is compared to the background noise. And they do that just once per second. But these interference bursts only lasted three to five seconds, which means each event is captured in just a handful of samples. You can see that the signal dropped, but not precisely when it dropped. Not with enough timing resolution to compare one receiver to another, to see which one was hit first, or how the interference moved across the network. What they needed was the raw radio signal itself. So, they started designing specialized receivers that could capture the data in much higher temporal resolution. The plan was to deploy them all across Europe. But building them, installing them, and waiting for new events to happen would take months, maybe years. So, in September 2025, they took their investigation public at the Institute of Navigation Conference in Baltimore. And the response was immediate. The room was packed. Everyone wanted to know the same thing. What was this satellite and who was responsible? - Honestly, it was one of the most fun meetings I've been part of. It was almost like we had been brought together for a big brainstorming session to see if we could crack this problem as a community that my student and I had not been able to crack by ourselves. - [Host] The question of a mystery satellite propagated throughout the research community. The German Aerospace Center came up with an ambitious plan to take a large tracking dish, point it at candidate satellites, and try to catch the interference in real time. - But remember, we're trying to catch a needle in a haystack that only shows up over a short interval and only happens once, maybe once or twice a month. - [Host] They tracked satellite after satellite and nothing. No signal, no anomaly, no breakthrough. Yet again, the trail went cold. Weeks passed, then months, until an email arrived. - I looked at the email and then I had to reread it because it was almost like it had come right out of my dreams. You know, this can't possibly be true. He had beautiful raw data from two different stations. - At last, they had what they'd been missing, the raw radio signal itself. Samples of the raw voltage off the antenna capturing the actual digitized radio waves millions of times per second from two stations, one in Amsterdam in the Netherlands and one in Trondheim in Northern Norway. They captured these interference events on February 11th, 2026. And now, rather than asking how strong is the signal, they could ask, when did it arrive? With this raw data, they isolated a 2.3 second window where both stations recorded the same event. And because they were sampling at tens of megahertz, they could align the two data sets to pinpoint the exact moment the jamming signal arrived at both stations. This meant they could measure the tiny difference in when the signal reached each station. Imagine the signal reaches Trondheim roughly 139 microseconds before it reaches Amsterdam. Well, that tells you that the source must be slightly closer to Trondheim than it is to Amsterdam. And that constraint gives you a shape, a curve in space of all the possible locations of the source where that exact timing difference would be observed. In three dimensions, that becomes a kind of warped surface, a hyperboloid. Whatever transmitted the signal had to lie somewhere on that surface. And because the raw data was so incredibly high resolution, the margin of error, the thickness of that shape, stretching tens of thousands of kilometers into space, was only about five meters. - And because we were so interested in avoiding errors, we just determined that we were not going to talk to each other for a week. We would do our separate thing for a week. And then we would come back together, compare notes, and we would hopefully have not made the same mistakes. And I presented my findings to Zach and he presented his to me and they were not the same. And I have to admit that because I'm the professor, I was pretty much insistent that my finding was correct. But then he pointed out a couple of other things, other checks that he'd run. And then I realized that I had an error in my code. And once I fixed that error, I ended up getting exactly the same time difference of arrival that he did. - And now they had a way to test every possible satellite, not just the 14 from their earlier predictions. For each satellite, they took its known orbit and asked if the signal came from here, what timing difference would we expect between Amsterdam and Trondheim? Then they compared that prediction to the real data. If it didn't match, the satellite was ruled out. And since they had a continuous two and a half second recording, they could take this a step further. As the satellite moved, that hyperboloid would shift slightly through space. So, the real source had to stay aligned with it the entire time, which made this test incredibly strict. - And only one satellite was anywhere near this time difference of arrival measurement. And in fact, it wasn't just near, it was dead on. - The only possible culprit was a Russian satellite, Cosmos 2546. It remained perfectly on the hyperboloid, aligning with their data to within 200 meters, which is well within the uncertainty of the satellite's publicly available orbital data. Now it's worth saying here, this work is still new and it hasn't undergone peer review, but independent teams in Europe have verified aspects of these findings. There was only one slight issue. Cosmos 2546 was launched on the 22nd of May, 2020. So, it couldn't explain events going back to 2019. But then they discovered that Cosmos 2546 is part of a constellation of six satellites. This constellation is part of Russia's early missile warning system. - It's basically part of their Golden Dome. If you've heard of the U.S. Golden Dome, this is part of the sensory apparatus for the Russian missile detection system. - They sit in what's called a Molniya orbit. A highly elliptical path that carries them high over the Northern hemisphere, where they can slow down and linger. It's the way that high latitude countries like Russia can get the benefits of something like geostationary orbit across multiple satellites. But this also means this constellation covers large parts of the globe. So, they have the capability to jam GNSS across a far wider region than we've seen, including over the United States. The pattern already told us this wasn't random. The frequency told us it wasn't natural. And now we know it's coming from a military system in orbit. But intention, well, that's harder to prove. - What is already being broadcast is enormously powerful. It's like hundreds of times more powerful than the GPS signals themselves. - But it's slightly offset from the GPS frequency, which seems odd. Because surely if you want to jam GPS properly, you would put your jamming signal directly on top of it. Well, Todd actually has a theory about this. - If you're going to test this capability, then you test it in the neighborhood of the signal you intend to jam, but not right on that signal. And you test it only briefly just to make sure everything's still working. And then in the eventual future, where there is a hot conflict, they go ahead and tune their transmitter down to the GPS band. But it's much more damaging now that it lies right on that band. - [Derek] So, one possibility is this. What we've been seeing are tests, a system being exercised without fully revealing what it can do. And while just a theory at this point, there is another hint this might be the case. The raw data also revealed a second interference burst aimed at a lower frequency, 1,558.5 megahertz, which overlaps with signals from the Chinese BeiDou navigation system. - I'll say it in the most conservative way possible. I can no longer say this is accidental with confidence. I'm leaning toward this being a periodic test of a capability that would be very damaging if it was deployed in anger. - [Derek] But when we spoke to a team that had independently traced the signals back to satellites in Russia's missile warning system, they had another idea. - So that'd be very odd behavior to be continually testing something. So, our alternative theory is that those might actually be very short, very brief, very specific comms messages coming from those satellites. - [Derek] And if that were true, transmitting messages on these frequencies would provide a layer of protection because the enemy wouldn't want to jam them and risk disrupting their own navigation systems. - I'm not saying it's not the jamming. That's still a very strong possibility. I think the point is there are some odd things about that and there is clearly here an alternative explanation. - But whether these signals were covert messages or tests of a space-based jamming system, the events themselves were incredibly brief. And that might explain something else. Why this went unnoticed for years. But if this system were ever fully switched on, the impact could be enormous. When we see maps of massive GPS interference today, you are almost entirely looking at reports from commercial aircraft affected by ground-based jammers. Typical airliners cruise at altitudes between 30,000 and 42,000 feet, which is high enough to remain in direct line of sight of jamming signals across vast distances. But at ground level, buildings and terrain shield much of our infrastructure from that interference. - But everything is line of sight from space, yeah. It's an invisible utility that supports virtually every technology. And it's essential to the way we live every day. The United States made GPS its gift to the world. And clever engineers took this free thing that works really well and very precisely and incorporated it into all kinds of systems. It's one of those wicked problems. You really don't know what all the dependencies are and where all the interconnections are because it's just proliferated throughout the world. - [Derek] Global satellite navigation systems underpin aviation and global shipping. It synchronizes financial systems, keeps cell towers on time. It is crucial for logistics networks, ride hailing apps, delivery systems, even dating apps. A disruption of these systems across an area as large as what these satellites are capable of could affect hundreds of millions of people. - It would send shockwaves of fear through the world, not just through Europe, because an entirely new weapon from space would have been revealed. And people would know that at any time of their choosing, Russia could deploy this over their country or over their continent. I do think that this is a massive escalation in the electronic warfare background conflict that's going on right now. - [Derek] Now, this sounds scary, but the truth is we should have been worried about this fragile system already. - The threat has always been there. Severe solar events could ionize the atmosphere and keep all kinds of signals from space from coming in, or it could destroy satellites. We could have a version of the Kessler effect in medium Earth orbit, and satellites be destroyed by debris. So, everybody should have already been concerned. They should continue to be concerned. And this is just another example of why. - [Derek] But the good news is, we already know exactly how to fix the problem. It involves building a future system that doesn't rely entirely on weak satellite signals. - We suggest that a resilient national PNT architecture would be signals from space, terrestrial broadcast, and fiber, because those are three completely different phenomenologies in a vector that would impact one, would not impact the other two. - Some countries are already doing this. Places like South Korea, China, and the UK are building out backup networks that don't rely on signals from space. They're using fiber optic cables to securely share time from atomic clocks here on Earth. And for navigation, they're turning to systems like eLoran, huge high-powered radio towers that are much harder to overwhelm. Other solutions are even being developed using magnetic and quantum systems that use subtle variations in the Earth's magnetic field to work out position. So, you don't need any external signals. But despite all of this, most countries, including the United States, still remain highly dependent on GPS and other satellite navigation systems. In this video, we've been talking about jamming, but there's another kind of GNSS interference, one that swaps your real signal for a fake one, quietly feeding you a location that looks completely real. So, if you trust it, it can guide you somewhere else entirely. This is known as GPS spoofing. It's affecting over 1,500 flights per day. And at sea, we're seeing the same thing. Ships are jumping implausible distances, briefly disappearing or reappearing in impossible locations, even on land. It's a systematic, geographically clustered distortion of reality, both in the air and at sea. If you wanna know more about that, let us know in the comments. This story was based on research by Professor Todd Humphreys and his student, Zach Clements, at the University of Texas at Austin. There's a link to their work down in the description. I wanna thank them for all their help and for sharing their findings with us. And of course, I wanna thank you for watching. (upbeat music fades)

  Top Comments:
  1. @veritasium [442 likes]: Get all sides of every story at https://ground.news/Ve - and read the news with a data-driven approach to spot media bias for yourself. Subscribe through our link for 40% off the unlimited access Vantage Plan.
  2. @maerten9517: I wanna know more about LorRan.
  3. @The.MEG2: أخبروني إذا تم دبلجة المقطع ❤
  4. @richardhyatt5021: yes please ....more about spoofing
  5. @maerten9517: I have been warning my three friends about this for 30 years.  They have yet to be convinced.
  6. @CaApa: Yes, we want to know more about GPS spoofing please!!!
  7. @charlesspringer4709: Why have you joined the idiocy of AI generated images and clips that are literally unrelated to the story or just plain wrong but look sort of scientizicle?
  8. @antonygreenup: GPS SPOOFING - YES PLEASE
  9. @DLBeatty: OK, so how much do autonomously driven vehicles depend on these signals? If they do and the signals are interrupted for say a whole minute, what happens to all of these Waymos? Do we see a sudden spike in accidents because these cars "think" they are somewhere other than they are? Do they all shut down in confusion and bottleneck traffic? (Of course, their systems are much more complex than solely relying on GPS for location.)
  10. @kingbbarry: A video about GPS Spoofing would mean that you all should get in contact with some of the bigger ISSA chapters. There are some really smart people out there in the Triangle Area in NC.
  11. @barredok: It was always going to be Russia or China testing weapons
  12. @aarondavis8943: The signal travels 20,000 km? I thought satellites were either low Earth orbit or geostationary. What am I missing?
  13. @gackerman99: not much of a reveal. we all knew it was russia lol
  14. @АндрейВоинков-е9п: GPS spoofing satellite is a weapon. But GPS itself is not. Sure, prof. Learn how all the military navigate, how UAVs and missiles targeting works. GPS is 100% not military tech
  15. @ErnieVanVeen: Time to reinforce my collection of tinned food. HAL, plot me a course to the nearest supermarket... HAL? HAL?
  16. @ItsAlways42-z1e: Just from the title I guessed "gotta be Russia, 100%" - aaand jup 😅
  17. @Sarafimm2: Using fiberoptic only works if ships don't cut your sea cables.
  18. @SwooshCraft: GPS Spoofing was/is a big issue for mobile games like Pokemon Go. Players on 1 continent could make the game think they where in another to get Pokemon specific to that country. Learning more about its other implications and dangers would be interesting.
  19. @charlesspringer4709: One thing, the power from the satellite decreases by 1/distance squared. The signal, or what we detect, is the amplitude, which is to say, the voltage. The amplitude decreases as a 1/distance. Radio would be nearly useless if it depended on a 1/distance squared.
  20. @Казахские_шахматы: А чему удивляться? Военные беспилотники и ракеты атакуют российские города, они используют не только военный GPS, но и военный Starlink (который для россиян не работает). США предоставляют разведовательную информацию для ударов своих же ракет под прикрытием Украины, т.е. ведут войну против России чужими руками, взрывают мосты, газопроводы, НПЗ и АЭС. Европа строит большие заводы беспилотников, которые массово поставляются на фронт и ежедневно убивают тысячи русских, большей частью гражданское население. НАТО окружило Россию со всех сторон и никак не реагирует на призывы к деэскалации. Начали захватывать российские танкеры, атакуют корабли, всячески провоцируют эскалацию и разжигают войну. Диверсионные группы хозяйничают на территории России, устраивают теракты и убивают государственных чиновников и военных.
СМИ транслируют предвзятую антироссийскую пропаганду, ютуб блокирует все противоположные мнения, тогда как отключить прозападную пропаганду технически нельзя, она льётся мутным потоком в рекомендациях. 
Любая русофобия моментально раскручивается и продвигается. Вот и этот ролик за считанные часы "внезапно" получил миллионы просмотров.
Глобалисты ведут войну против России и толкают мир к ядерному апокалипсису.

- The Data Signals that Predict Winning (and Losing) Stocks with Dr. David Allen: Kind: captions Language: en Is the company you're invested in showing red flags? Do you know what to look for? Today's guest is one of Australia's greatest investors who has developed a system of identifying red flags to find companies to bet against. Welcome to Equity Mates, a show where we explore what's possible in the world of investing. If you've joined us for the very first time, a huge welcome to our community. My name is Bryce and as always, I'm joined by my equity buddy, Ren. How you going? >> Bryce, I'm very excited for this one. Back at uni, you were called a walking red flag. >> [laughter] >> This episode's right up your alley. >> No, very very good bloke, Bryce. You all green flags. Yes, plenty of green flags for me, Ren. But anyway, turning it back to today's episode, I love this episode. We hear about quant investing a lot, but we haven't spoken to anyone in great detail here on the show about it. We also hear, you know, there's a whole part of the market where investors and hedge funds are shorting the market. Another part of the market that really interests us and we don't speak about that a lot either. But today's guest, we get to speak about both of those things. [laughter] So today we're speaking to Dr. David Allen. He's the head of long short strategies and the co-head of research at Plato Investment Management. Plato are a quant investment firm. Traditionally, an asset class or a style of investing that wasn't really accessible for everyday investors like you or I. But the good news is they actually do have an active ETF, the Plato Global Alpha Complex ETF, PGA1 is the ticker. And really we want to understand how they approach markets, how different it is to, you know, a lot of the fundamental investors that we've spoken to. And then what that leads to on the back end in terms of how the portfolio looks, how they manage it, how long they hold positions for. Because it's a real lesson that there are plenty of different ways to make money in the market. >> Absolutely. I love this episode, so let's get into it. Dave, welcome to Equity Mates. Thanks, Bryce. Great to be here. So we want to start way back at the start of your investing journey. Can you share the story of your first investment? >> It's a good question. So I I was actually overseas in in Europe. I was playing rugby and then I I got injured and then had to after 18 months had to get a real job and ended up working Within two weeks of being in London, I was working at JP Morgan and I was, you know, so much of what happens I think in the career and life, you know, it's good to have a bit of luck and I certainly did cuz, you know, I fell in with a fantastic group and I fell in in particular with a a brilliant mentor. The CEO at the time took me under his wing and he uh He actually had a a masters in biology, masters in psychology and PhD in AI. And that was during the AI winter. No one was talking about AI or looking at that that at all. He could code in eight languages and the big sort of thing that he had is during his academic career, it was all about trying to get computers to think like people. But now he was investing, it was about getting people to think like computers. Take the emotion out of it, you know, follow rules. Uh Be dispassionate and that was really how I came to make my first investment. It was it was quite a meritocratic place, so I was given a fund to manage after just a few years and uh And off to the to the races. So it was a yeah, really exciting journey. Wow. Nice. Getting people to think like computers, I guess is a big theme for this episode. We're going to be talking about quant investing or systematic investing and, you know, really how you approach it and then some of the different systems you've built. But I think front of mind at the moment is geopolitics with everything going on in the Middle East. I guess we just want to start there and get a sense of how you're thinking about this moment and particularly how you're managing risk in your portfolios at a moment like this. Yeah, definitely. It's something like most fund managers that I've known over the years, they spend 99% of their time doing deep stock research, really in the weeds. And there's nothing wrong with that. Like that's a prerequisite for success before. But it can cause you to have the blinkers on a little bit. You're so focused on the minutiae that the big black swan thematic or geopolitical event can can really derail you. So we we spend about a third of our time on that and I'm a big believer and you can't manage something without it first being able to measure it. Okay? So how do you measure geopolitical risk in your portfolio? It's it's pretty challenging and we've been doing this in a variety of ways for a variety of years. There's over 100 different stress tests that we run on our portfolios every day. Much like a bank will stress test their loan book. We'll stress test our portfolios. It could be a collapse in Chinese property, a tariff shock, an unexpected election result, the blockade of the Straits of Hormuz. All these things that are we know are going to have huge implications for our investments, but how do you measure it? So it's quite interesting and many of your listeners will probably be very across Polymarket. Yes. >> So so Polymarket, you know, they've just had a $2 billion investment from ICE, the owners of the New York Stock Exchange and the volumes going through there are very large. And why is that interesting? Well, the if you look at elections for example, the academic evidence is unequivocal. The single best predictor of election outcomes, it's not the, you know, pundits on podcasts. >> It's not the polls. >> Polls, yeah. But it's the betting markets. Okay? And it's the wisdom of crowds effect. It's real money behind these decisions. And so how do we actually use that? Well, the great thing about the the prediction markets is that they give you a daily odds, which we can convert to a daily probability of different outcomes. Okay? And it's imperfect, but it's the best that's available. And that's changing minute by minute, day by day. We will correlate those changes in probabilities with the the daily stock price changes of about 20,000 companies. Okay? Going back several years. And that way we can see which companies are really sensitive to different outcomes. Because if you're being fed income about it, it makes for really interesting conversation. You know, what's going to happen in Iran? How will OPEC respond? What's Trump's next move? But I don't think it makes you more money. It is hard to get those, you know, decisions right about what's going to happen next. So you know, I don't think Trump knows what he's going to do next. So how can we know really? So that's really a big focus for us and that allows us to to measure the amount of risk we have to, you know, these 100 or or more different uh stress tests from AI to to tariffs to different geopolitical events, you know, invasion of Taiwan and make sure that we just don't have too much exposure. Yeah. >> So because we're good at one thing, identifying fantastic companies to be long and really challenge companies to be short. Is there anything that you are you seeing in your stress testing at the moment that you think we should be paying more attention to? It really depends on on your particular portfolio. See, our portfolio, we we put guardrails around it, so we can't lose a meaningful amount of value in our portfolio for any one of these 100 different stress tests. But we did something a little bit a little bit naughty. We got >> the the holdings of a whole bunch of our competitors who have like us active ETFs. We have active ETF, Plato Global Alpha, PGA1. I'll get my plug in there. >> Yeah. >> The interesting thing about ETFs is you have to disclose your holdings to the market periodically. Okay? So what that means is we can go to, you know, the biggest ETFs in Australia and globally, put their holdings into our system, which is called is called Prism and it's the lens we use to look at all these different types of risk and see how much risk is lurking beneath the surface. Interesting. >> And it'll blow your mind how much risk some of these portfolios have in them. Maybe it won't. You've seen some of the big growth portfolios recently. I'd [laughter] love to know what mine are. Yeah, yeah. Can you look at ours? Red flags. You may not want to know. >> So yeah, it it all depends on the portfolio and we look to manage that, you know, always looking around the corner. What's a a new risk that we haven't contemplated that could really upset things. You said you're only good at one thing. If I was to put my finger on what that one thing would be, it would be beating your benchmark. Your PGA1, I'll give you your plug now. PGA1 since inception's done just shy of 24% a year compared to the benchmark doing 11% a year. So that's that's pretty good. And I guess we want to spend this time unpacking your approach because we've had a lot of fundamental investors sit where you're sitting, but not a lot of quant investors. And so this is an exciting conversation for us to really learn how you approach markets. But I guess just to start at a high level like quant is kind of like a catch all now for like a number of different systematic trading strategies and and, you know, you would do things very different to some of your peers. So how do you define your investment process and how's it different to some of the other ones? Yeah, definitely. And it's a really good question because it is quant is a broad spectrum of really diverse strategies. Like at one end there's the high frequency guys where your trading time is measured in milliseconds. Medium term frequency is minutes. >> Long term is getting to lunch time. That's right. And there's also the the quantitative approaches that are purely black boxes. So you feed in this a vast quantity of data and it says buy this, sell this. Not even the people who build these models know actually why. They're not tractable. They really are the very epitome of a black box. Uh Our approach here is much more uh they call it quantum mental which uh is a a strange term but all it really means is it's traditional fundamental investing. Okay? Uh but heavily systematized and automated. Uh a traditional fundamental manager, if they're absolutely working their socks off, they're visiting companies, they are um speaking with management every day, they uh you know, pouring through the financials. If you're absolutely working your guts out, you might be able to cover 20 25 stocks. So you've got very limited bandwidth. Okay? Our approach, because we've really taken traditional fundamental tools works. I've got 16 different valuation models. We've got 150 red flags. Uh we have dozens of way of measuring sentiment. Uh but we've systematized it. So our bandwidth, rather than being just uh 10,000 rather than just being um you know, 20 25, is almost 20,000 companies. Okay? And we can maintain an exceptionally high hit rate even out to that very uh broad uh level. And what that means is that our typical position size is pretty uh conservative. Okay? Hundreds and hundreds of positions on the long side, hundreds of positions on the short side. So whenever we do get them wrong, then uh it doesn't uh which we of course will. That doesn't even necessarily mean we'll we'll have a a bad day, week, or month. It's interesting when your portfolio is so large, like there's so many position sizes, it's interesting that it doesn't almost just become the market beta and like that you just track the index. >> definitely. And a lot of people, that's their first uh sort of instinct is, "Oh, it's almost axiomatic to be uh to have great performance, you must be really concentrated." And that is definitely one approach. Okay? So look at Buffett, very concentrated, best investor arguably of all time. But the most successful hedge funds of all time in the US, like Renaissance and so forth, um thousands of positions, multi-asset class. So there there's lots of ways uh of approaching uh this. Uh And an analogy I guess is uh that we sometimes use. Uh if you look at uh the the great uh greatest test cricketer of all time, Don Bradman, average of 99.94. Trivia for you guys, do you know how many sixes he hit in his career? >> Oh, I do. I directionally I know this. It's like yeah Exactly. It's it's tiny number. Only only six, right? >> Yeah, okay. And his philosophy very different from everybody else's just keep the ball on the ground, don't hit it in the air, minimize your risk, work the singles. And that's very much our our approach. Rather, and you saw this with a lot of big growth managers recently, they're they're so concentrated in a set of stocks. But more than that, those stocks are all loaded up on the same thematics. So it really is isn't diversified in any sense of of the word. We've got hundreds of thematics at work at any one time in the portfolio. So as long as we're getting more right than we are wrong, we can come out on the right side of the ledger. There's a a brilliant video, I'm sure you know, some of your listeners have seen doing the rounds at the moment of the great Roger Federer talking about over the course of his career his average win-loss percentage for individual points. So you think one of the greats, it must be like this really high number. Only 54%. >> Yeah. Wow. Yeah. A top quartile fund manager, and it is a bad statistic to perhaps admit, only gets 55% of their stock picks right in terms of beating the market. So uh the point is you don't need to have an exceptionally high skill level if you're playing again and again and again. And that's really what systematic strategies are all about. Rather than just a very concentrated approach where you can be lucky or unlucky, you're playing hundreds and hundreds of times. >> Mhm. Now you mentioned red flags and we want to cover that in a little bit more detail later on. But in terms of your process high level, um are there any sort of signals or recurring patterns that you see continuously come out through the companies you're investing in? Yeah, absolutely. Like we we could, you know, talk all day about different signals. There's about 150 different signals that we look at. Uh They're they're they've been tested rigorously over a period of 20 years that we've built this investment process. Uh one of the the ones that I I've I find interesting and cuz it's counterintuitive is many years ago we did a a very simple piece of research. We said, "What if at the beginning of every year you simply bought the companies that had the highest revenue growth forecasts?" Okay? Uh coming from the sell-side analysts and company guidance. You know, they're going to be bigger tomorrow than they are today. It seems intuitive, seems reasonable. Uh but if you did that 25 years ago, started off with a million dollars, and rebalanced continuously into the highest revenue forecast companies, you have virtually no money left. >> Is that because sell-side analysts are biased at the time? >> Yeah. Yeah, well well conflicted to a degree, but more I think that they're overoptimistic and uh they ex- and people naturally extrapolate growth rates far too far out into the future. Okay? And they don't understand that competitive forces will bring those growth rates back to the mean. And people often uh it's a it's a human behavioral bias, if you like. We kind of often will see patterns that aren't really there. Uh uh there's a a famous study done in psychology called the hot hand fallacy. And it was looked uh the study was done in basketball. And it was, you know how like when you're watching a game in the NBA, you go, "That guy's on fire right now. He just can't miss." Okay? And it just seems like they're on a hot streak. Uh but when they actually have done the analysis, okay? That your probability of making the next shot, okay? If you've got the last four in a row, your probability is exactly the same as it was before. Okay? But we the human mind, we're hardwired to see patterns often even when there aren't patterns there. Same thing with company growth rates. You extrapolate them way out into the future, but they tend to be very mean reverting. The the type of cash flow uh the type of growth company we It's almost embarrassingly simple to talk about. But it but it's different. It's rather than hopes and dreams of some revolutionary product in the future or technology, it's companies in the here here and now that are consistently growing their free cash flow organically, so not by acquisition or by just issuing equity year after year after year after year. Uh it's quite a different company. It's that it leads you towards a you'll go more towards like a Broadcom than you will say a Tesla. Yeah, yeah. Interesting. So you you said quantum mental and I know I can understand why that term hasn't really taken off. >> Um but but it is interesting to see how you marry the two up. Like it seems [clears throat] that there's some human judgment still involved in the investment process. Like are you still doing the the road shows and meeting the the company CEOs and doing all that? Or is it all behind the computer? Well, it it like uh I we certainly started out off doing things that way. Uh but uh a couple of things. Firstly, uh um we found that every time we come out from doing a a meeting with a a CEO or a corporate, you'd come out more bullish than you did before. >> A a good CEO is a good salesperson. >> Yeah, that's their job. That's the that's the job. That's the job. That's right. That's right. And so really the way that we said, and it's also incredibly time-consuming. You can't meet with 20,000 >> Yeah, yeah. um CEOs, you know, once a quarter, right? So this is where we heavily lean into technology. We've been doing this for over 10 years. How we've done it's evolved. How we currently do it is we take 25,000 earnings calls a year. Okay? The transcripts of those. Okay? We get fifth those 15 minutes post the um the call. And then we use large language models to look at the sentiment of those. How's that changing over time? How's that sentiment changing versus peers? We used to do it with different approaches over the years, but that's the approach we do now. An interesting red flag that we um get from that data, cuz the the the introductory section where they just say their introductory comments, there's you almost should ignore that. It's so well scripted these days. And they're actually putting it through large language models to discern the tone of it in the first place. So you almost should just like tune out for that. The Q&A is really where the value is. And uh cuz they can't control the narrative to the same [clears throat] same extent. One of the techniques that we've applied there is applying large language models. So for anyone who doesn't know what that is, think of just ChatGPT or Grok or Claude. And we place each question and answer for every single company from the CEO to might be asked a question by a journalist or a fund manager. Um and we get the large language model to score each question answer one to five. Did they answer the question? Or did they evade the question? Okay? And it was always my gut feel that the biggest tell when you're interviewing someone is what they won't tell you. Okay? And sure enough, when we do the research, the companies that are in the most evasive, they're behaving like politicians, just returning to say their talking points, they underperform markedly over the next three to six months. Uh so we're to answer your question, we're heavily utilizing technology to do the what a traditional fund manager does, but to do it in a more modern and updated way. I think as we've seen every industry in the world seems to have been disrupted by technology. It's like vastly different than today than it was 20 years ago. The fund management it sort of seems like people believe it's still, you know, you know, it's an art, it's not a science and you know, that's certainly not our view. We we believe that there's there's history doesn't repeat itself, but it does rhyme and that there's absolutely patterns that you can benefit from. You may not want to say, but is there like a CEO or maybe a company that is consistently scoring really low on the evasive scale? Uh old Elon doesn't isn't great isn't great. Like you know, some of you might you know, some of your older listeners might remember Enron and Enron was you know, the it was a huge fraud is the biggest at the time. And you know, you even like the other day I listened back to some of those earnings calls now and >> That's right and he he got asked a question he goes why by an analyst he goes you know, Enron's essentially a financials company. You seem to be the only financials company on Wall Street that can't produce a balance sheet and the Skilling I think it was goes next question. >> So you mentioned that you running them through LLMs now. I'd love to understand how much your world has changed in the past I think what 8 years since you joined Plato? Yes. And I'm sure you guys are on the cutting edge of AI back then, but you know, it's what what chat GPT came out November 2022. >> Yes. How much in that 8 years has your use of AI changed and sort of where are you seeing it going in the investing process? Yeah, definitely. I think just as a few years ago when ESG investing was all the rage there was a lot of greenwashing going on. Now there's a lot of AI washing going on. You whack AI on your domain name and suddenly you get a stock price up, right? So for for us we we've got 17 17 investment staff. They're all either like PhDs or pure maths or computer science guys can code in three or four languages. So we we we heavily lean into to that side of things. Two of the guys just spend, you know, virtually all their time on AI. One of them I was a little bit concerned because he uses Grok and he keeps saying goodnight to it at the end of each night. >> But he's he's brilliant what he does. You guys should pop into the office one time and see the the hardware that we have. It's quite expensive to we found that you know, renting it off the cloud and doing the analysis on the cloud we were chewing through that much work that it's actually cheaper to buy all in house. So you look at the cooling systems we have in the office it looks like a >> V8 you know, in the back. So yeah, so that that's exciting. So what what are some of the things that we're doing there? Like one of the interesting things that that are is a bit more blue sky that we're doing. In back in 2012 like Google's Google have hosted a image classification competition every year for probably a couple of decades now. And up until 2012 it was pretty poor. It could tell a dog from a cat, but you know, it wasn't exceptional. Now I can go for a walk with my 6-year-old daughter. She sees some strange spider I've never seen before. You take a picture and chat GPT says this is exactly what it is. Incredible, right? And that was made possible by a technique called convolutional neural networks which is essentially um it was programmed onto GPUs is one of the first techniques that was was done that like like Nvidia GPUs etc. And uh what what we there's some research coming out of the US that we've since replicated that said you know, it's great to be able to classify something to tell the difference between a dog and a cat, but I'd probably be much more interested if it can tell you feed in hundreds of thousands of stock price charts and volume patterns and say what's going to happen next. Okay? And because a machine so it's almost like chatting on steroids if you like. It can recognize all these complex non-linear patterns and just see what is what is a good setup and the results coming that are actually pretty scary. They they almost seem too good to be true. So we're running it we have it in staging which means we we don't release it live to our investment portfolios, but we just run it to see that it's it's behaving well out of sample, but you know, some of those things are really really exciting I think. What's your view on where the industry is in like 10 or 15 years if computers are now becoming so powerful at almost like predicting the future outcome of these sorts of things like have you do you have an opinion on where funds management industry will be? I think the winners and losers will be like you know, you you really have to to lean into these technologies. You can't put your head in the sand. So the groups that are really comfortable with with data and and employing these new systems I think will will definitely be be the winners. It's kind of interesting because on one hand active management has been in decay. There's more and more passive money, but there's more and more the systematic money is growing very rapidly because the performance has been fantastic. But like all things you know, that's going to make the the opportunities perhaps less scarce more scarce because you know, the the systems are are getting better. So you really have to be to have to sprint to stand still, but there I think that's any business. You know, if you're not evolving you're you're going backwards. You're dying. Like the the way you explained before it almost sounds like the markets will have this like predictive sorry LLMs will have this predictive ability, but it isn't that the the point of markets that they're like reflexive that they change as things change [clears throat] and like as all these people use these LLMs then all of a sudden like the old the old patterns and stuff will no longer really hold because the the participants have changed. Yeah yeah definitely and that's what makes markets so fascinating unlike the physical world where the the laws don't change. Okay? The you know, the constant for gravity is always going to be there. We it is ever evolving and just because things have worked in the past doesn't mean that they'll work in the future. So yeah, if you look at the red flags you know, we started off with 50 now there's 150 and we're constantly evolving removing adding as new data sources become available. So you know, just some of the interesting data sources that have come available in the last few years is anonymized credit card transaction data. So across 25 million individuals we can see suddenly people are loading up on might be you know, a particular retailer or suddenly it's really quite so you can get a a read on what their revenue numbers are going to be even before the company knows. Okay? And then also harvesting foot traffic data which is harvested from cellular data mobile phones. So suddenly people are loaded up in Home Depot. You can see you know, there's probably going to be a revenue bump. It's not it's not a guarantee, but though those are some of the things that are causing a bit of big volatility and dispersion around earnings announcements beats and misses because a lot of the this isn't a style that we follow, but hedge funds will follow. They'll load up and say oh, they look like they're definitely going to beat. So they're all positioned one way and suddenly the results come out and they all rush to the exits at the same stage and so it's causing sort of outsize swings, but that can create opportunities as well. A few fund managers we've had in particularly after last earning season were almost shell-shocked at how volatile it was and they were quite nervous coming into this earning season. And then this earning season has probably been even more volatile. >> It has yes. And you know, quants get a lot of the blame for that. Do you think that blame is fairly attributed? [laughter] Yeah, well well it relates back to your point before about quants being a sort of broad church and there's there's quants that trade around those very aggressively and I think yeah, they they play a role. Our average holding period for a short is about 200 days for a long is you know, over 400 days. So it's not us. >> But but I also you know, have a have a thought like if it is causing such size volatility which it is surely that's a hell of an opportunity for good active guys like Woolworths overshoots, you know, drops 10% then if they're saying you know, I've got confident in their conviction surely they should be stepping in and buying and this should be a great environment for them to generate alpha. Yeah, everyone's looking for a scapegoat. >> Now Dave, you've mentioned red flags a couple of times. So we want to dig into that part of your process in a bit more detailed. It's a a system where you're identifying I guess a number of as you said 150 red flags against the companies. Where where did that all start? What inspired the development in the first place and how does it work? So I was it was back 2014. I was invested in a Spanish technology company. It had been a cracker. It had a doubled doubled again. Spanish Prime Minister was saying this is going to be the biggest and best technology company in Europe. And anyway, it uh >> Spanish Prime Minister? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, >> exactly. And then so then this then suddenly we're in the office one day and we look across all the screens. It's a sea of red stock price has collapsed to zero. The CEO is indicted for fraud. Prosecutor tried to put him in prison for 18 years. Woah. Yeah, so it was bad. Yeah, woah. And we said right, um you know, let's do a very thorough postmortem. What did we miss? Okay, and what we missed was uh was was interesting and uh and quite simple. They were using this auditor that nobody else I know was using. Okay. Bit like old Bernie Madoff using his uncle up in Queens to do the books, right? [laughter] And we said well well that that's interesting. Uh try we try and be evidence-based, so all that means is before we put any idea into practice with real money, we'll always look to test it. Okay. So, we've got 20 years of data across 23 countries, identified every historical example where a company was using a very obscure auditor. Sure enough, as simple as that is, that actually does a reasonable job of identifying companies that have a higher likelihood of getting into trouble. Okay. And I think the dynamic that's at work there is if you're pushing the boundary of accounting and you know you are, okay, you'll gravitate towards the lighter touch auditor. You're not paying them very much and you just kind of get waved through. That one pops up again and again. Like Adani Group, they were using this no-name auditor, just this bunch of kids sort of thing. And so, if you're being honest about they're not really being audited. Um Mineral Resources, uh we were that that was a great short for us. They were being audited by RSM Group. Nothing wrong with RSM Group, but uh last time I checked RSM Group don't audit another company in the ASX 200. Okay. So, that was uh that's a situation with that Spanish stock was uh simultaneously the worst and the best thing that's ever happened to me from an investment point Okay. And it was the best because it set off hundreds and hundreds of case studies over the last dozen or so years on every corporate collapse, bankruptcy, manipulation, outright fraud where we just picked them apart, look at what the the different red flags were, test those, make sure they actually work. And uh and then we'll bring the those together. So, think of Enron, Post or Wirecard, you know, examples of special purpose vehicles, related party transactions. Think of Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers where at the height of the financial crisis, the top executives they held zero stock in their own company, they had no clawback provisions, golden parachutes. We'll have some excellent um data on the corporate history of executives. Have they been involved in collapses or misconduct historically? Uh we'll look at something even People will often say and many of you read it so, if directors are selling, that's a big red flag. Okay. That uh that's actually when you do the research, it's really weak and you should probably generally ignore it on average. The reason is that you can be selling stock in your own company for a multitude of reasons. Maybe you've just had some shares vesting, maybe the stock price has just ripped like you're the Baron Joey guys and you're going to buy a new boat. Yeah. >> Fair play. Good on you. But uh there's one particular cohort of director sells that you should never ignore. That's if the stock price has been pumped, might be down 20, 30% and at that point in time the senior directors are selling. Okay. 80% of the time when directors uh when the stock price is down, directors are actually buying. They say, no, this is good good entry point. I believe in the long-term story. But if they're selling, they're telling you there's more bad news on the horizon, you should get the hell out of there. Um so, that one uh that one pops up again and again and uh is very powerful. Well, a very uh recent one for a lot of the Equity Mates community was the DroneShield sale selling to zero. [laughter] Well, well that's right. I think Yeah, well I think the stock uh was down 40%. Then the president uh the CEO and the uh independent director sold in unison. And I think they claimed that they didn't even know the others were selling on the same day, which is interesting. And uh anyway, stock price falls another 30%. So, that's a yeah, really good recent example of a name we were short as well. Um DroneShield was also an interesting one where uh if you look at very thin patent portfolio, okay, uh compared to peers. And if you look at the composition of the board and the CEO, as far as our our analysis said, they they didn't have any historical experience in the defense industry. They're more sort of e-commerce, I think, guys. And bit like Boeing where, you know, Boeing got into a lot of trouble. They didn't have that deep engineering research on the board. So, it's like putting me in charge of a restaurant. >> You know, there'll be food poisoning. It'll be a disaster. But the books will be managed well. >> So, I guess with 150 red flags and, you know, it seems like there's a real breadth to them, are most companies triggering at least one? Yes, definitely. Uh if a company has zero red flags, and there are some, Apple is an example. Uh No red flags. I was going to say is zero red flags almost a red flag in and of itself? >> Maybe, maybe you're right. So, Apple's got none? Apple's got none, which is yeah, which is which is interesting. And uh there's uh companies with zero red flags do outperform the market by a little bit, but two or three percent, so meaningful. Um the critical number for us on the downside is eight or more. Okay. And especially um if uh they're across aggressive accounting, maybe in terms of financial distress they're starting to slow down the rate that they pay their bills. Maybe um there's, you know, very weak governance structures. Uh perhaps, you know, there's um some hedge funds, you know, taking out lots of put options on them. Um each red flag in isolation, this is the really interesting part. They they only give you a small edge, maybe 51%. So, you normally would say, oh, I've never heard of this auditor. Does it really matter? But it's really it's like a a fascinating jigsaw where you're putting all the pieces together and the whole is much much greater than the sum of the parts. If a company has eight or more red flags, on average it underperforms the market, and this is research going back to the '90s, by 20%. Woah. over the next 12 months. It's actually the most powerful method we've ever developed really doing two things. The first is identifying great shorts, so you know, we were short like uh you know, we're a global fund, but we do have shorts in Australia. So, just recently, you know, we were short names, you know, Boss Energy, GYG, Corporate Travel, Treasury Wines, um and Domino's. Uh But uh the other side is perhaps less appreciated, and that's stopping us from doing something stupid on the long side. So, Buffett loves to say there's only two things you need to know about investing. Rule number one, don't lose money. Rule number two, don't forget rule number one. The red flags keeps us honest. Like a name like Opthea, um there's a you know, very big hedge fund group that I'll remain nameless. Uh they lost uh I think half a billion or more on Opthea. They had 18 red flags. So, it's just not a name that ever, no matter how superficially incredible it looked, we just wouldn't have gone near it. Um Set Eye was another sort of interesting one. Uh So, Set Eye for any of your audience who don't know, they sell um high-end luxury fashion, you know, your Prada, Gucci, all all that sort of thing. But they were selling it at, you know, 40, 50% discounts. And everyone's like scratching their heads, how are they doing that? A tiny number of staff, um uh a drop shipping inventory model, so very um low capital requirements. And uh you know, 50% discounts and my wife discovered it. And I was like, oh, this is great. We're going to save all [laughter] this money. But she And so, they had a lot of like we were long. And then that the red flags kept ratcheting up, ratcheting up, ratcheting up. You know, their CEO, this wasn't one of the red flags, but their CEO uh during earnings calls wouldn't turn on his camera, you know. So, just some >> And he had no historical experience in fashion, actually. I'm just recalling that. So, anyway, that caused us to get out. I think they've had three massive profit warnings since then. So, capital preservation key. Yeah. I'm interested to dig into the short side of your portfolio. You you said earlier that you have about 400 positions at any one time. Um uh what's your hit rate on on shorts? Yeah, so so the hit rate is in the high 50s. Okay. And to to get much more than that is is really really challenging. Um so, the the hit rate is is decent. Um but because it's uh it's the still we're getting four out of 10 wrong, our sizing is so conservative. A large short position for us is just 0.3%. Does it annoy you sometimes when you like nail a fraud or like a big [laughter] short and you're like, damn it, it's like a tiny Absolutely. Absolutely. But equally, you know, shorting you don't want it to become the next GameStop and, you know, go through the roof even if it's a bin fire of a company. So, yeah, just say it's quite different from your traditional long short approach, which you know, people say, oh, Commonwealth Bank, Tesla, look how expensive it is. I'm going short 5% of the portfolio. I couldn't sleep at night. Yeah, yeah. But that's uh that's tough going. Uh on the other side, when you're looking at like green flags, I guess. When quant signals pop up and they're all sort of showing green, have you ever had a moment where you're like, "This is just still not a great stock?" Yeah, it it is yeah good a good question. We um uh we did a study where this is back when I was I was in the UK and we did a 4-year study where we at about 20 of us working on the taking the raw buy and sell list that are automatically generated, you know, by the investment process and we'd forensically go through each line. We'd get in there 6:45 in the morning in the dark and you know, really you know, the best and brightest working on it. And say, "Oh, I don't feel right about that stock. I want to do a bit more of that name, you know, let's do let's not do that name at all." And there's and then at the end of 4 years we tested how much value we were adding, okay? And it's let's let's just say it's very hard to beat the beat the raw investment process. And perhaps that shouldn't be surprising. There's 150 red flags. There's twice-daily feeds from virtually every sell-side analyst in the world in terms of their revenue, earnings, cash flow, dividends, and share price uh forecasts. There's every line of the financial statements, whole host of alternative data that I mentioned before. It's like if I pick up the latest iPhone, I just bought it the other day and new AR software and I go, you know, I don't think this is much very good. Let's go short Apple. That's not investing, that's punting. Yeah. Okay? So so we we take try and take that out as much as we possibly can. Where we do apply that judgment is much more on the risk management side that we kind of touched before. Trying to look around the corner, what's the the next big black swan that could occur and let's try and mitigate that. On the green flag side of things, like what are the most predictive green flags? Like if you could only trade on a couple of signals, what what would you be watching first? >> Uh really like if um at the at the high level like the ideal stock and it's I'm going to cheat and and not answer the question exactly as you asked it. >> Because we would never invest just on one signal. Like a company can have amazing valuation, okay, but that can stay cheap for 5 years. Okay, so what we're really looking for is company has amazing valuation, amazing quality, so very low number of red flags, but it has to have excellent sentiment as well. It's the combination of those three things that makes for a great long. And you know, I've spoken about that sentiment side, you know, that's that's important. This is very unscientific, but the view I've come to over the years is markets they're roughly 50% logical economic fundamental. The other 50% is psychological, emotional, and behavioral. And if you don't capture that through looking at sentiment, you can do some very dangerous things. So there's a company BrainChip a couple of years ago that you may have come across. Uh so they had 22 red flags. Okay. One of the highest out of any company that I'd seen. And they I think they had a market value at the time of around 3 billion and they had less revenue than my local cafe. >> Okay? And that that type of company you say, "Well, there must be a great a great short." We didn't go near that as a short because the sentiment particularly amongst retail investors was red hot. You know, they had this really exciting narrative that sounded incredible. A little bit like like DroneShield and you know, that that it just kept making new highs, new highs, new highs. Until that sentiment turns over, we we won't look at a stock. So Dave, if you look at the ASX 200 at the moment, it what company is flashing up with the most red flags? Sure. Look, I've mentioned I've mentioned DroneShield before, which is an is an interesting one. Boss Energy's been a really good short for us. You know, investors certain investors get really excited about the uranium space. But there there's without a doubt there's a need for huge amounts of of energy with with data center growth etc. The statistic I always come back to is that there isn't a nuclear facility in the world that doesn't exist without massive government subsidies. Okay? It is it is tough going and so when we find a uranium so we're not short all uranium names, but when we find uranium names with lots of red flags like Boss Energy did, I think we were short of it was off 40-50% after that. Then yeah, that that's an interesting area for us to to look at as well. So Dave, I feel like you've been generous with sharing some of your ideas, but I just want I have to ask just generally, are there any other shorts that you know, you think would be interesting for us in the community at the moment? Yeah, like one I I kind of feel a little bit guilty about this because I love the food. Like the base of our building we've got a a Guzman Gomez, but you know, one of the the easiest mistakes to to make is equating a good product or a good company with a good investment and I think in terms of the valuation that GYG had at IPO and since then was reflecting a huge amount of optimism about what they could achieve particularly in the US market. Like I'm sure you know, most of your listeners spent time in the US and that is such a competitive market with brilliant Mexican food and you know, that the the growth levels they set for themselves outside of Australia but also within Australia I just thought were the market gave them too much faith for for being able to deliver on that. So yeah, that's been a short that's been working well for us. Yeah. So Dave, we we close our interviews with the same three questions for all our guests. The first is forgetting valuation just purely on fundamentals, what is the best company that you've ever come across? Yes, would you do you know what? It's hard to go past Nvidia. Like Nvidia they've grown their free cash flow is at 54% a year for the last decade. Like and like I know you mentioned disregarding valuation, but they they're at a forward PE of just 22 times. Yeah, it's nuts. You look at Walmart, it's trading at 45 PE. They're not quite as innovative. >> I mean look, not a bad company, but Exactly. And you know, the the whole picks and shovels you know, play you know, like the that analogy many of you will know came back from the gold mining days where you know, my immigrants you know, they came out from Ireland to dig for gold and they didn't make much money, but the the people selling the the picks and shovels made a shitload. Nvidia's the same, they're at the top of the supply chain. Who knows who are going to be the winners downstream software? That's just so challenging to to know it's evolving, but they're all going to rely on Nvidia and the like in some way. What's the best investing resource be it book, YouTube video, podcast, article that you've enjoyed recently that we should also check out? Sure. Well, I've actually reread a couple of older ones which could be interesting. One of one of my favorites of all time was When Genius Failed and it's the story of LTCM so Long-Term Capital Management which was a hedge fund started by some of which had been instrumental in deriving the Black-Scholes option pricing model. So these were like the the smartest of the smartest. And anyway uh just because a manager is systematic doesn't mean that they're immune from hubris and overconfidence. Okay? And that certainly was the case there. They had so much leverage that they needed to be bailed out by the US government as well as a whole JP Morgan and all the other big banks got together to bail them out. Almost could have brought down the US financial system. That's a fascinating read with lots of really important lessons about uh not getting overconfident as we all do. Another one that uh I reread recently is a Michael Lewis book Moneyball. Okay? That's another great one. It's just it's it's very close to to what we do. It's trying to take the emotion out of uh it it's sort of it's it's about baseball and how this team with a tiny budget managed to perform extremely well by getting in data analysts who had no idea really about the game of baseball but just looked at it purely objectively through the numbers. And now that approach of analyzing data to select the best players and the best lineup, that's permeated the entire system. Yeah. We'll put a link to both of those in the show notes if anyone wants to check them out. And finally Dave, what advice would you leave young investors with? I guess yeah, never stop learning and yeah, listening to resources like Equity Mates is a fantastic way of doing that. And uh I guess the other thing is the the worst investing mistakes that I think people tend to make is when you're when you're emotional, when you're stressed. And so as far as possible trying to to take that out of the equation I think will will put you in good stead. Love it. Well, Dr. Dave Allen, thank you for joining Equity Mates. We appreciate you sharing your insights and we can't wait to get you back again. Thanks Alec. Thanks Bryce. Thanks Dave. I will say this about investing, everything you do matters. What I learned at 20 is

  Top Comments:
  1. @tonysimic8938 [10 likes]: I rrealy enjoyed this episode on red flags, looking forward to seeing Dr David Allen on Equity Mates again.
  2. @markcr6959 [2 likes]: This guy is a weapon very interesting please  do more of this content it's very insightful. Cool to geek out on when you think these guys are so intune. Almost like spiders sitting on a web waiting for something to wiggle ahah
  3. @DanbyWill06 [2 likes]: Good listen
  4. @anicelery4764 [1 likes]: David Allen is so underrated, PGA1 is a great fund. Please have him again and more guests like him!
  5. @pathoonartseneewongnaayuta1257 [1 likes]: This is useful. Thank you.
  6. @t-boneprimetime963 [1 likes]: Really interesting interview, great episode guys, got a lot out of it.👍
  7. @matthewbatty902: Great interview! Although once you notice the 'okay' mannerism you can't unhear it 😂
  8. @steveag_1000: Now I just need to upgrade my ChatGPT subscription and buy a bigger hard-drive so I can feed it all of this info for my own use.....!
Fascinating listen. You're getting some great guests on at the moment. Really easy and interesting to listen to. keep 'em coming!

- STOP Using Proton & Signal? Here’s the TRUTH: Kind: captions Language: en Proton and Signal are no longer secure&nbsp; platforms…or at least that’s been the&nbsp;&nbsp; message shared by multiple media outlets and&nbsp; social media accounts. Proton Privacy complied&nbsp;&nbsp; with a request to hand over a recovery&nbsp; email address to Spanish police and a new&nbsp;&nbsp; hit piece is making the rounds claiming that&nbsp; Signal is just a front for the US government. What are we supposed to do with this kind&nbsp; of information? I want to explain what’s&nbsp;&nbsp; really happening here, but more importantly, this&nbsp; highlights one critical part of personal security&nbsp;&nbsp; and privacy that we need to address and that often&nbsp; gets ignored for the sake of sensational news. Most of us are already skeptical of government&nbsp; surveillance and big tech companies. So when&nbsp;&nbsp; we read that a privacy company just handed over&nbsp; user data or is in bed with government agencies,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s a confirmation bias that I think&nbsp; tends to happen. Instead of asking questions&nbsp;&nbsp; and figuring out what’s really going on, some&nbsp; people just throw up their hands and say “See,&nbsp;&nbsp; I knew it. There simply is no such thing as&nbsp; privacy and security anymore. We’re screwed.” I’ve seen this happen multiple times over the&nbsp; years, and the story is usually the same thing&nbsp;&nbsp; whether you’re watching this right now in&nbsp; May of 2024 or whether it’s years later.&nbsp;&nbsp; So let’s look at these cases specifically&nbsp; - and please do me a favor and watch to&nbsp;&nbsp; the end, because I also want to explain&nbsp; exactly how this affects YOU directly. Let’s start with the case of Proton. Spanish law&nbsp; enforcement made a request to Swiss authorities&nbsp;&nbsp; to identify somebody they claimed to be a&nbsp; terrorist. Now whether or not a government&nbsp;&nbsp; abuses this authority to label somebody as a&nbsp; terrorist doesn’t matter here. Companies like&nbsp;&nbsp; Proton do have a legal remedy to fight&nbsp; these requests, and sometimes they do.&nbsp;&nbsp; Sometimes they don’t. But at the end of&nbsp; the day, every single company is required&nbsp;&nbsp; to operate within the legal frameworks&nbsp; of the country in which they are based. If you’re a US company and the US government makes&nbsp; a legal, court approved request for you to hand&nbsp;&nbsp; over data, you have to do it, whether you agree&nbsp; with it or not. The same goes for Switzerland and&nbsp;&nbsp; every other country in the world. Just because a&nbsp; company says they protect your privacy does not&nbsp;&nbsp; mean they can just go and ignore these requests.&nbsp; That’s really important to understand and one of&nbsp;&nbsp; things that media outlets seem to overlook&nbsp; each time they cover these news events. But what’s also important to know is that&nbsp; companies can only give over the data that&nbsp;&nbsp; they actually have. All of the data that’s&nbsp; end-to-end encrypted can be handed over, but&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s of no use without the encryption keys that,&nbsp; in the case of Proton and Signal, only you hold. And when it comes to email, you also&nbsp; have to realize that in order for&nbsp;&nbsp; an email to be sent - like any mail -&nbsp; it needs to have sender and recipient&nbsp;&nbsp; information. That can’t be encrypted or&nbsp; else the it could never be delivered. The same goes for a recovery email address on any&nbsp; online account you create. If that were encrypted,&nbsp;&nbsp; the company wouldn’t be able to see the email&nbsp; address in order to help you recover the account. In other words, in order to function,&nbsp; certain information can’t be hidden. “Oh, but you’re just trying to&nbsp; defend a company that you like&nbsp;&nbsp; and that has sponsored your channel in the past!” No, I’m not. I’m trying to be realistic&nbsp; here. In this Spanish terrorist case,&nbsp;&nbsp; Proton didn’t hand over the name of the user&nbsp; or any of his email. They couldn’t because&nbsp;&nbsp; they didn’t have that information to give. They&nbsp; were compelled by Swiss authorities to hand over&nbsp;&nbsp; the recovery email address, which they did. In&nbsp; this case, it was an Apple email address and&nbsp;&nbsp; it was Apple who then handed over the name of the&nbsp; person associated with the recovery email address. At worst, you could maybe accuse Proton&nbsp; of not doing a good enough job letting&nbsp;&nbsp; users know that this recovery address isn’t&nbsp; private. But we’ll get to that in a moment. Switching gears to Signal, we’ve got an&nbsp; entirely different situation happening&nbsp;&nbsp; but one that I’ve seen countless times as well.&nbsp; The founder of Telegram, a competitor of Signal,&nbsp;&nbsp; shared a message questioning Signal’s encryption.&nbsp; I wonder what his motivation is? Well in this&nbsp;&nbsp; message he states that “an alarming number&nbsp; of important people I’ve spoken to remarked&nbsp;&nbsp; that their private signal messages had been&nbsp; exploited against them in US courts or media.” Notice that there’s no&nbsp; source to back up this claim,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the numerous people who reshared&nbsp; this conveniently ignored the fact&nbsp;&nbsp; that these are competitors. In other&nbsp; words, there’s undeniable bias here. Here’s the thing: anybody can claim that&nbsp; encryption can be or has been broken. But&nbsp;&nbsp; the burden of proof is not on you, it’s&nbsp; on the one who makes the claim. So if the&nbsp;&nbsp; Telegram CEO is going to claim that their&nbsp; competitor Signal has had their encryption&nbsp;&nbsp; broken - and I don’t know, that could&nbsp; be true - but you’re going to have to&nbsp;&nbsp; provide more than hearsay evidence in&nbsp; order for me to take you seriously. The other part of the complaint against&nbsp; Signal has to do with their board of&nbsp;&nbsp; directors. Apparently the current&nbsp; chairman has a history of promoting&nbsp;&nbsp; censorship and has concerning connections&nbsp; with the intelligence community. And I get&nbsp;&nbsp; it - that’s a bad look for Signal and&nbsp; one that should probably be addressed. But Signal, like Proton, is open source,&nbsp; which means that over the past 10 plus years,&nbsp;&nbsp; security researches have had access to the code&nbsp; base of these apps. Leadership certainly matters,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the code is the code. The board&nbsp; chair’s opinion doesn’t change that. Ok, here’s the primary message I want you to&nbsp; take away from all of this. It’s not that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should ignore FUD, it’s not that you should&nbsp; blindly trust me to use Proton and Signal. The primary message is this:&nbsp;&nbsp; privacy apps and services are only&nbsp; as strong as the user who uses them. You can purchase and install the strongest&nbsp; lock on the front door of your house,&nbsp;&nbsp; but if you leave the window unlocked,&nbsp; that’s not the door’s fault, it’s yours. This is something called personal&nbsp; OPSEC, or operational security. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is everything that you do that includes&nbsp; the usage of apps like Proton and Signal. So, for example, did you know that you can&nbsp; remove or change the recovery email address&nbsp;&nbsp; in Proton Mail? In the settings of your&nbsp; Proton account, click on “Recovery” and&nbsp;&nbsp; then right here under Account Recovery you&nbsp; can either turn off the allow recovery by&nbsp;&nbsp; email option or you can change it to a burner&nbsp; email address that you’ve created. Mind you,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you turn it off, you won’t be able to&nbsp; recover your account if you lose your password,&nbsp;&nbsp; but that’s on you. That’s part&nbsp; of your operational security. At the very least, you should turn on data&nbsp;&nbsp; recovery via a recovery phrase and&nbsp; keep that stored somewhere safe. And if you don’t want Proton to have&nbsp; access to, let’s say, your IP address,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the identifier assigned&nbsp; to your device on the internet,&nbsp;&nbsp; simply use a VPN or TOR when you’re&nbsp; logging on, which hides your IP address. Honestly, most of this only applies to those&nbsp; who have reason to be highly concerned about&nbsp;&nbsp; their privacy or security, but even if you’re&nbsp; just the average internet user, you can’t&nbsp;&nbsp; rely solely on software to protect you. It’s your&nbsp; responsibility to build strong privacy habits. And one final thought: be careful what you&nbsp; share, even within the walls of end-to-end&nbsp;&nbsp; encryption. Sometimes we get lulled into&nbsp; this false sense of security and that’s&nbsp;&nbsp; when the mistakes happen. If you don’t&nbsp; want compromising pictures of you shared&nbsp;&nbsp; online, then here’s a wild idea for you -&nbsp; don’t take compromising pictures and send&nbsp;&nbsp; them to your boyfriend! I know it’s not always&nbsp; as black and white as that, but sometimes the&nbsp;&nbsp; best and easiest way to hide information is&nbsp; to not share it digitally in the first place. Should you stop using Proton and&nbsp; Signal? That’s up to you. This kind&nbsp;&nbsp; of news doesn’t change the fact that&nbsp; I still use and recommend them, but&nbsp;&nbsp; no matter what software or app you end up using,&nbsp; you need to recognize that your operational&nbsp;&nbsp; security - how you use these apps, how you store&nbsp; your personal information, how you share data,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. - is just as important, if not more&nbsp; important, than the tools you use to do it. Thanks for watching, and if you want to see the&nbsp;&nbsp; privacy and security tools I use&nbsp; every day, watch this video next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AllThingsSecured [101 likes]: What's your take? Do you think I'm letting Proton and Signal off the hook here? Leave your opinion here and let's discuss. Then make sure to watch my video on the 12 Privacy & Security tools I use EVERY DAY: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XNOAOQktG6U
  2. @fankefang [1 likes]: You are a CIA agent trying to convince people to use insecure services so the U.S. government could spy on them without breaking a sweat.
  3. @Mike_thx.1138 [1 likes]: Warning: Proton support is very slow to respond to customers. Sometimes they don't respond at all. If I would have known I wouldn't have started using Proton.
  4. @miker3298: Proton moved to Norway where surveillance laws allow complete privacy.
  5. @LdT_46843: Click bait? Really?
  6. @redikaak9986: Stop using US product
  7. @larrymietusmd3299: Is the open source program that appears to be secure actually the one implemented and being used? Could a compromised alternative “signal” be implemented and the open source code you see an examine is not being implemented?
  8. @Apeiron242: Companies can be sold. 
Leadership can change.
Companies can change jurisdictions.
  9. @techfan7808: Awful title. Misleading start. Proton, signal, and i2p are the way to go. In some cases full system tor and spoof mac addresses are necessary. Use either prepaid phone with hotspot or starlink. Don't forget that big tech is facilitating surveillance. Ie; pegasus and palantir, along with age verification bs. Misleading folks is disingenuous
  10. @animefangirl9006: I stopped using this app called  signal  today i had my account there and deleting that app from my phone
  11. @PixeluXS: Signal is secure 100%
  12. @ketobor3591: @AllThingsSecured Signal was a honeypot from the get-go. KYC to sign up, but hey it's E2E? Calling home to AWS all the time? Seriously?

That's not even the main problem: the server backend of Signal is running closed source software so it could be full of backdoors - we will never know. "Trust me bro Snowden" says it's safe, so it must be so. lmao
  13. @FreeSpirit-u5q: I actually find the comments much more informative than the video...
  14. @tt55k: Love proton
  15. @charleschristianson2730: It blows my mind that people trust Signal when they REQUIRE YOUR PHONE NUMBER.
  16. @neonix01: It's really simple... Anything you upload or share online you loose control over. Be prepared to loose anything you upload or share. That's been the rule since the 80's. Once its out of your control, its out of your control. Also, expecting privacy online is like expecting privacy on public space and in a city. Do you walk around in New York and expect privacy? No? Then why do you excpect that online, where there are far more people than in NYC? Nobody has a right to privacy in public space. Photographs are being made, recordings are being made, for good intents and bad intents. Privacy can only be expected on your own private property. But still, even if your car is private property - as long as its parked on public land - you have no right to privacy!
  17. @alex-o3e9r: Its either complying to some huge legal requests or selling data for fun. Pick your choice, I think its pretty obvious which to go with with these
  18. @AndreRosario-o7q: Not secure signal chat
  19. @AndreRosario-o7q: Not secure facts no privacy
  20. @AndreRosario-o7q: Truth signal chat not private

- Stocks plunge as new data signals inflation concerns: Kind: captions Language: en BOSS CONTINUES TO PUSH A U.S. TAKEOVER OF THE ENERGY- RICH TERRITORY. THE DOW IS DOWN FOLLOWING UNCERTAINTY OVER INFLATION AND TARIFFS, WITH JUST AN HOUR TO GO IN THE TRADING WEEK THE DOW IS CURRENTLY DOWN ALMOST 1.75%. A S&P AND NASDAQ REMAIN DOWN A LITTLE MORE THAN 2% FOR MOST OF THE TRADING DAY. THE CORE PERSONAL CONSUMPTION EXPENDITURES INDEX, PCE, THE FED'S PREFERRED INFLATION MEASURE TICKED UP LAST MONTH, SIGNALING THAT PRICE HIKES REMAIN REMAIN STUB URNLY HIGH. WHY ARE WE SEEING THIS, PAUL? >> YEAH, THIS IS BRUTAL. I THINK A BIG PART OF IT, AS YOU MENTIONED, THE PERSONAL CONSUMPTION EXPENDITURE NUMBERS THAT CAME OUT THIS MORNING DID SHOW THAT CORE INFLATION WAS A LITTLE BIT HIGHER THAN EXPECTED. THAT'S OBVIOUSLY THE INFLATION NUMBERS THAT BACK OUT FOOD AND ENERGY. YOU KNOW, THE MARKET HAS REALLY BEEN STARTING TO BELIEVE THAT INFLATION IS COOLING, AND I THINK IT STILL IS. THE PROBLEM IS THAT IT'S STICKY, IT'S PERSISTENT, NOT GOING DOWN AS QUICKLY AS WE WOULD LIKE TO SEE. AND YOU COUPLE THAT WITH WORRIES ABOUT MAYBE INFLATION GOING HIGHER AGAIN BECAUSE OF TARIFFS THAT HAVE ALREADY BEEN IMPLEMENTED AND EVEN MORE THAT ARE ABOUT TO KICK IN. THERE'S A LOT OF ANXIETY ON WALL STREET ABOUT WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN TO CONSUMER SPENDING, WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN TO AUTO SALES WITH THE AUTO TARIFFS. SO IT'S SORT OF CLICHE TO SAY WALL STREET HATES UNCERTAINTY, BUT GUESS WHAT, WALL STREET HATES UNCERTAINTY. >> GIVE US A BIG PICTURE OF WHERE WE'RE AT AND WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO BE WATCHING FOR THE NEXT FEW DAYS, ESPECIALLY APRIL 2nd COMING NEXT WEEK, MORE TARIFFS SET TO TAKE EFFECT? >> DEFINITELY. WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE MARKETS, WE'RE DOWN FOR THE YEAR, BUT WE'RE STILL NOT TERRIBLY FAR OFF OF SOME OF THE ALL-TIME HIGHS. THE S&P 500 IS NO LONGER IN WHAT'S CALLED A CORRECTION, MORE THAN 10% BELOW A RECENT PEAK. SO THAT IS GOOD NEWS IF YOU WANT TO CONSIDER THAT IT COULD BE WORSE. I THINK WHAT EVERYONE IS TO BE LOOKING FOR, WHAT HAPPENS WITH THOSE TARIFFS ON APRIL 2nd, ARE THEY GOING TO KICK IN AND THEN THAT'S GOING TO BE IT AND WE FACE A NEW KIND OF WORLD THAT COUNTRIES ARE GOING TO HAVE TO ADJUST TO WHEN IT COMES TO TRADING WITH AMERICA. WILL THERE BE ROOM FOR MORE NEGOTIATIONS, BE IT LAST-MINUTE BEFORE THE APRIL 2nd DEADLINE OR AFTERWARDS? WE KNOW PRESIDENT TRUMP LOVES MAKING DEALS. AND THEN, ALSO, DON'T FORGET NEXT WEEK THE JOBS REPORT FOR MARCH COMES OUT ON FRIDAY. THAT'S GOING TO BE SOMETHING THAT WALL STREET IS LOOKING CLOSELY AT, BECAUSE IF THERE'S WEAKNESS, PARTICULARLY IN THE GOVERNMENT SECTOR BECAUSE OF ALL THE DOGE CUTS, THAT COULD BE A CONCERN. AND THE JOBS NUMBERS ALSO HAVE, AS PART OF THAT, A FIGURE CALLED AVERAGE HOURLY EARNINGS, WHICH IS WAGE GROWTH. WHEN WAGES ARE GOING UP DRAMATICALLY, THAT'S USUALLY A SIGN OF INFLATION. SO IF WAGES START TO COOL, THAT MAY NOT SOUND LIKE GREAT NEWS FOR CONSUMERS WHO WANT BIGGER PAYCHECKS, BUT IT WOULD ACTUALLY BE WELCOME NEWS TO WALL STREET AND FEDERAL RESERVE. IT MIGHT ALLOW THE FED TO START CUTTING INTEREST RATES AGAIN LATER THIS YEAR BECAUSE THEY WOULD BE LESS WORRIED ABOUT PRICES AND MORE WORRIED ABOUT A SLOWING ECONOMY.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FlorenceFerland [836 likes]: Trump 2.0's plans have some analysts concerned that they may cause inflation. I want to know if the stock market is actually influenced by the economy. I'm wondering about how to turn the market to my advantage because I continue to witness successful performances.
  2. @ibrahimaisaadan [522 likes]: One lesson I've learned from millionaires is to always put your money to work, no matter how small. Even investing €200 per month can compound to tremendous wealth over decades. The key is to keep going!
  3. @Noepascal-b7t [246 likes]: I've been reading some reports, and honestly, the signs aren't looking good. This next recession could be terrifying.
  4. @robkenyon6949 [1 likes]: I am 62 years old and I have never seen this country in such a mess. Trump is a DISASTER for America.
  5. @Falconcar-s4m: The Dow Jones is NOT the economy.  It is a Las Vegas casino.  The only way the DJ goes down is when the “Whales” go to a different casino (China, EU…).  The USA economy could crumble to dust and the wealthy will be trading over the number of empty factories.
  6. @naran3337: No one mentioning how mass deportation is causing less workforce
  7. @growlinbear: Most Americans are rich ! Most probably, don't even care or know about tariffs!
  8. @SilenceEqualsDeath: AI’s advice on how to fix America:

1. Political Reform – Reducing corruption, limiting corporate influence in politics, improving election integrity, and making government more accountable.

2. Economic Growth & Inequality – Raising wages, investing in American manufacturing, tackling wealth inequality, and ensuring a fair tax system.

3. Healthcare System – Making healthcare more affordable and accessible while controlling costs.

4. Education & Workforce Development – Strengthening public education, making college/trade schools more affordable, and preparing workers for future industries.

5. Infrastructure & Energy – Investing in roads, bridges, public transit, and clean energy to modernize the country.

6. Social Unity & Media Reform – Addressing misinformation, reducing political division, and promoting critical thinking.

7. Crime & Justice System – Balancing policing reforms with effective crime prevention and rehabilitation programs.

8. Foreign Policy & Security – Strengthening national security while avoiding unnecessary conflicts abroad.
  9. @Highwaysong007: Wow it almost seems intentional. It’s as if a Russian asset got to be president somehow. Weird.
  10. @porcelainpanelpro: What happens when Trump demands fake numbers reports to make him look good?
  11. @DebraWilliams-r7i: Prices are not stubbornly high. Prices have been inflated by Trump's BS and tariffs. "Trump just loves making deals."  What a joke!!! He is incompetent, the worst deal maker, and just had to create chaos....all for tax cuts for billionaires.
  12. @Ptolomy-f4w: I will only be a dictator on day one…….and two and three etc.
  13. @ermericcarolissen694: America. The End.
  14. @bongbongtravels6108: My Thrift Savings Plan made a lot of money with papa Joe Biden.
  15. @kimmberrleeohthatsme5493: Trump managed to bring the stock market down....Eggs and gas coming in a week.😅
  16. @NURREDIN: The "big boys" have been out of equities since Nov 6th when the election results were announced. There's a reason they have $7 TRILLION DOLLARS in money markets, and Buffet is sitting on $334 BILLION in CASH. trump is taking us over the cliff.
  17. @AKAAAK: How's that MAGA slogan working put for guy folks back in the US.  Bet you're ecstatic that you voted for Trump the Chump in hopes he'd make your life great only to see him stab you in the back with that inflationary tariff knife 🤣.  Well, at least I don't have to worry about it anymore.  Keep on struggling in the US.
  18. @silverqk2246: how I wish time will fast forward to 2029 !
  19. @shaunlaverty8898: Betting against the US markets and I’m doing great this year. Thanks trump!
  20. @lorysproxton8506: The Dow is down because of this administrations idiotic policies. Everyone knows it so why don’t you say it

- Worried About Cappmore Fx? | Watch this Video | Signal Loss Recovery Explained: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone I hope you're all well and I hope you're all making good passive money welcome back to cyberpunk VIP and in today's video I'm gonna be telling you all the updates that have been recently launched on gapmore FX website uh also the important announcements that have been made in the past one week and should we be worried about it or not what about the withdrawals what about the deposits the internal transfers I'm gonna discuss each and every single thing in this video so make sure if you have invested in camera FX and if you are willing to invest in it make sure that you watch this video till the very end before I begin I must tell you I'm not a financial advisor if you wish to seek any Financial advice please do your own due diligence as well also I would like to congratulate you on finding this amazing YouTube channel if you have not subscribed to it you must press the Bell icon and click the Subscribe icon right now so that you don't miss any of the important updates tips and tricks like these on my channel from the beginning with that being said let's begin now we all know that we have been into Kepler effects for the past more than two months right if you are in my telegram group you must know that we have been doing it for the for more than like one and a half months now and things were going pretty straight things were going pretty easy but uh right now we have some problems with regards to the withdrawals also uh the trades that are being taken are not replicated exactly to all the accounts now what's the reason behind that and what's actually happening if you look at this video of mine that I uploaded about Kepner FX review literature scam you would see that there was a total uh different layout of the website uh when we talked about it at first but now if you look at the website you first of all got to see this chat icon that you see on the bottom right side of your screen so where you can just click and start your conversation so first of all I'll just start here hello how are you now let's just wait all right uh no search results please try again so although there have been a major Improvement like this chat section and if there is we really believe that it's going to work in the future but right now it is not going a live chat response I did it right in front of you and you saw by yourself that uh the results didn't came out good but the thing is they are initiating it and right now it is in on the process and it's launching soon therefore I believe that it's going to be a good a major breakthrough now let me just cross it and you can see here uh all these uh the website now the way it appears right now and the way the website was previously has been totally changed and what I believe it's totally a positive change if you just look at things if you look at the upgradations that are being done if you look at all these layout of the website you would really see that there are improvements and if something is improving like that then it really means that they're up for something they are not going to scam you or you don't need to worry about it and what's the reason I'm going to discuss it with you in the later section of this video moreover if you remember previously only you could use your crypto trc20 address but now there's a Visa card there's zest Airtel money bank transfer Google pay and more doing net banking and all these sort of uh new uh you can say you can say NetTeller here you can see all these sort of new deposits methods are being upgraded at the back and and we're gonna see them really really soon moving over you can subscribe to the newsletter and at the end it's kind of same as it was discussed as it was shown in the previous uh website but now there are lots of changes in the website uh you can see here that the major chain has been this copy trading and the leaderboard previously there was no copy trading written here that takes us to the copy trading portal but now there has been made a certain changes and if you talk about the leaderboard you can see here that all of these these are all the providers right these are all the providers that are giving away the signals that you can copy so this leaderboard now gives you an insight about all the providers uh previously we had uh only knowledge about a few providers like Forex but one team UK and there was saksham Academy but now you can see the performances of all the providers that have been doing uh for the past one year for six months three months uh one month one week and their ratings now this important thing is that if you see the rating site this has been not only a range in the form of numbers but also in the form of rating you can see that it dream Academy has been rated uh 13 305 similarly Nadu Trader has been rated 6265 and our Forex display one has been ready 498. now you can take all the Time in the World to look around here and look at various Things based on your risk reward ratio looking at the returns as per the time you can always decide which one you want to go by but here you can see one thing that is very interesting about Forex expert one that it has given a total return of 416 percent although the rating is not the same you can see the rating is quite less as compared to the top three uh sorry as compared to the top two of them but you can see the overall results have been better among all of them this is the only I think this is the only and the digital tag these two are the only uh copy Traders these two are the only providers that have given more than 400 percent that to in in the positive direction so you can click on the profile and have a look at it how they have been doing and if you really want you can diversify your funds now with funds I come to the more important topic which is uh what is happening to the funds so let me take you to the uh that TRC address now this is where your all the deposits are being made all right this is the address uh this is the address where you are depositing your funds right and if you look at the blockchain address you can see here that with every passing minute with every passing hour more and more people are making deposits if I take you to the transfer section inside the transfer you can see that before four minutes there was a deposit of thousand dollars made from this account to this account 2 down which means that Gap more effects and deposits are being met continuous you can see that one hour two hour three hour four hours but totally means that deposits are open right now you can make a deposit and it will work within within one or two hours you will see it on your screen now more importantly where are these deposits going inside they're going to D4 and outside they are going to binance hot wallet what is a hot wallet a hot wallet is a private wallet that keeps your fund secure through a private key and that can only be accessed to a private key if you look at this hot wallet you can see these are the total assets I cannot even count them you can see that these are the total assets that are present inside them and if you want to have a look at in what form they are present look at it on the right side there is wallet section which has 290 different tokens 290 different tokens the largest one holder is uh TRX then we have 33 rc20 address they have USD C coin W link and just like that we have a few nftas and PTT we have all these sections around here these are basically your funds all right your funds are here and you find the safe they're not going anywhere out and if you want to see here where actually they're going out you can see there's a transfer being made about 46 for 950 seconds ago from binance Hardware to a USD token now these are going straight into your mt4 mt5 accounts and you can see your balances whenever you make a deposit in your md5 account so that your copy trade can take uh take take its place now there is one thing more important that I wanted to share with you guys about the loss about the recent losses that we have made for example I had like four to five downlines who have made losses however the master account of the Capone FX of Forex export one made the profit so what we are going to do there are two options uh that once broker confirms all updates are complete AJ will undertake the trial trade they should be first trade after the upgrades are completed so AJ has issued wanting to people to keep an eye on your accounts in case if the trade doesn't get closed now this is what's happening those people who subscribe to forexpert one a little early those who joined Capcom FX a little early their trades are being closed as far as the knowledge that I have gained after talking to the people uh they the trades are being closed but the people who have joined recently because of the server upgradations the back end there are a few problems and the trades are not being closed so Mr AJ has said that when I take the trade you have to do you have to like see it manually on your mt5 account and as soon as you will post the results that okay trade has been closed you have to close it manually if it has not closed automatically first of all after the server upgradations it should close manually uh sorry automatically but if it does not then you have to do it manually now he says that there are two things either you unsubscribe from Forex expert one for two days and then wait or you can keep yourself subscribed but you have to keep a track of the trade now that is more important knowing what you can see that there are multiple funding options that I have discussed with you already and there is one more thing that today this trade is being taken around 6 30 PM uh the trade will be taken and as soon as the trade will be taken you have to monitor the trade by yourself if it has not been uh taken if it has not been automatically closed you have to close it now before this time all the losses that you guys have made I either you can send them to me if the loss has been made by saksham Academy or sorry Forex expert one due to the technical glitch that's happening you can send it to me I'll send it to Mr ajn so that your your funds can be processed right and if not uh till now your funds can be processed you you can be returned with your funds but after this one after this upgradation after telling you guys after telling you all that you all have to take care of your mt5 accounts you have to make sure that you trace trade close your trades manually when he tells that the trade is closed so he has given you a proper timing from 6 30 pm to 6 45 pm he will check the trade this is I guess Indian time between this time you have to be on your mt5 account and if there is the trade does not close in case you don't do it if it closes automatically before this time if you had any sort of loss you can always get it refunded and how you can do you can contact your uplines send them your screenshots of your loss and they they have to get it reimbursed to you so that's very important that's very very important and talking about uh I just I just showed you where your funds are if they're safe or not everything is being shown to you legitly perfectly fine but there are obviously certain conditions certain things that kept more effects also has to take care of for example if there is a certain Improvement in yourself you must let us know through an email before time if the withdrawals are not taking place we all are waiting for the withdrawals then they must not then they must inform us before time that okay withdrawals will not take this so that we do not initiate a withdrawal now a lot of us are sitting here who have initiated a withdrawal and their withdrawal is in the pipeline they're not being processed at the same time they're not getting their copyrights which is one you can say downside to it if you're not told in advance that okay after two days you will get uh you will have a server withdrawal uh upgradation then we will not initiate a withdrawal after two days so that we have we should be kept in Loop about all the the things that are happening so the bottom line is we should be informed as the investors keeping us in the loop that whenever their upgradations please let us know so that we guys can handle the things more better because a lot of us are taking the earnings out and spending it on our daily lives most importantly you should not do that and I know it's a matter of fact it's human psychology that we people are greedy but you should also take care of things like that moreover it's a request to get more effects again if somebody official of Captain FX is looking here please all those withdrawals who are in the pipeline that you have not processed fund them back to the empty five account and so that we can keep on doing our copy trading and if not copy trading we can we can also take our manual trades by ourselves so do not keep our funds in the pipeline either process them or either return them back to us so that we can we can like carry on with the copyrighted at least at least the copyright now this is what an overview I wanted to give you guys I have this group right where I had all these questions being asked by the people you can see here there's a general section and then in the copy trade daily result section where I post daily results then we have the Cabana effects team and then I have guided guide videos about how you can do various things on cap motor effects and how you can set up your copy trading account and everything if you have not joined corporate trading then this is the best platform in my point of view it is also important to diversify your portfolio so I have another options you can see here let me show you secret opportunity you can see this is the secret opportunity that I shared with my investors uh so for 20 people in the joining list and I have not updated them and the reason why I did not them is that they they have not registered once they register I'll then add them to the group where you will have detailed uh you can say guides you can see this is the PDF and you can see these guides part one page one to five everything is being guided then you can see the screenshots profits this is the 136 points profit on Monday on Tuesday we made 183 183 points on Wednesday we made 177 points profit on Thursday we made 138 points profit on Friday we made one double four uh profit similarly I'm I'm sharing with them all the uh daily results uh based on the weekly chart right so it is always good to diversify your portfolio and that's what I have done that I have Diversified into Linux copyright where I'm also doing a copy trade and you can get like 20 near 30 net monthly results if you're more interested I have guide videos you can see on the top right corner you can see the guide you can click over there and have a look at the opportunity that that's secret and you can only get it through me right so uh with this I put this video to an end I hope that this video was really helpful I really believe that you guys get an insight to this and through this I convey a message of all the investors through Kepler effects to please take care of our funds and also if you cannot process them please return them back to the mt5 so that we can do our manual training with this I thank you all again I would say if you're not subscribed please subscribe to the channel so that you don't miss any of the information that I share over here I'll see you guys in a new video with a new update till then peace out [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @cyberpunkvip: ✍✍ Join my CappmoreFx Community:
https://t.me/+YmuxNVGGcWU4MGQ0
  2. @rasool7822: Withdrawal are stopped and since 20days are on hold ... It's very strange that they giving update reason and customer is not at all happy such reply from them

- Why Your Meta Ads Aren’t Working – Fix These Mistakes to Get Better Results: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to explain to you why your Facebook ads aren't working. And now, this isn't what the so-called gurus will tell you about some fancy strategy. So, if you've been trying hard, following good advice, and getting great clicks and engagement, and yet no results, watch this video as I'm going to explain to you why that probably is so you can go away, fix those issues, and start making lots of money. Let's go. So, first off, we have to understand that Facebook ads is predominantly a demand generation platform. Now, that means that most of the people that we're targeting with our ads aren't actually looking for our products and services when we're showing them to them. Facebook ads are disrupting their use of meta platforms because our ads are just jumping in front of them. Conversely, with Google ads, people are generally actively looking for your products and services that you're offering. So, Google is about capturing existing demand and Facebook is generally about generating fresh demand. So, think about the life of your target customer when your ads hit them. They're probably on the sofa scrolling through Facebook or Instagram, the TV's on in the background, and they see your ad offering, let's say, golf equipment. Now, let's imagine the person seeing your ads is your target customer. They're a keen golfer, and you hook them into clicking on your ad and going through to your website. Now, if your website looks like or it doesn't perform correctly or if it's just a lower quality than your competitors, then you make it significantly less likely that that person is going to transact. Now, if your checkout process is slow and clunky, if your postage and packaging is too high, or maybe you're just not price competitive, then why would someone buy from you? That's what we have to ask ourselves when there are many other good people out there who they could also buy from. So, the biggest reason that we see Facebook ads fail is having a poor website. Make no mistake about that. Now, if your click-through rates are good, your engagement looks good, but you're getting no purchases or leads, then what I would do is check within Google Analytics 4 to see how well your meta ads traffic is engaging when it lands on your website. Anything under 30 seconds and you've got a problem and you need to do some work. Similarly, if people are adding to cart really well, but they're not going through the checkout process to buy, you might have an issue with your conversion rate optimization, and you're probably making it too hard for people to actually transact with you. Think about how easy it is to buy on Amazon. You need the same thing with your website where within a couple of clicks, the money's in your bank account and products are on route to your customer. The next really big issue is a lack of touch points. A touch point is every time your business makes contact with your target customer. Now, back in 2011, Google released a study called zero moments of truth. Now, go find it and read it because it says that the average consumer needs 7 hours of engagement across 11 touch points with four different platforms before they're going to transact with you. If the only marketing that you are doing is on Meta, well, you'll scrape a couple of touch points, but it's not enough. Now, if this sounds like you, think creatively about how you can increase touch points through things like Google Ads, or email marketing, organic social media, direct sales outreach, mail campaigns, and more. Exactly what strategy you need to use to increase your touch points will depend on your business and your target customer. However, the main thing is to consider how you increase your business's touch points with your target customer within your market. Now, the next big issue is if you have no lifetime customer value. Many people switch meta ads off because they can't make sales on the platform with a good enough profit margin, but that's only generally because their systems are focused on winning new sales all of the time. Now, it's always going to be easier to sell to somebody who's already purchased your products or services than somebody who's completely cold to you. So, get your email marketing systemized, crank up your retargeting campaigns, offer add-ons at the checkout, and really consider how you can upsell and increase lifetime customer value. Now, that way, you may be able to make a small loss on that initial sale and make huge profits down the line, which makes the whole thing worthwhile. Now, finally, this is probably the really big one. When somebody becomes interested in your products or services, they will conduct their due diligence before they buy from you or submit themselves as a lead. Now, this means they're very likely to bounce off Facebook, hit your name on Google to look up your reviews, your case studies. They're going to check your social media channels and your testimonials. They will almost certainly be on your website at some point. They're looking for reassurance that you're legitimate and you're not going to rip them off. If they find bad reviews or no reviews or they can't find other third parties saying nice things about you and your business, then it becomes less likely that they're going to buy because you will introduce some doubt into their mind. Now, consider a roofing company that we've just consulted with. Now, they said that they were struggling to generate leads, but when we dug into their digital presence, we found that their ads were fantastic. They looked stunning. They generated good engagement and fantastic traffic, but they had about 10 different websites all for the same business, which meant that their reviews are fractured. Their social media didn't exist. They had no case studies. So, is it any wonder that people were choosing to go somewhere else after going onto their website? So, to summarize, there is probably some stuff that you can do within your Meta Ads platform to improve results. But if your website is poor, if your checkout process is sluggish, if you have zero other marketing activity and no reviews or case studies, then it really doesn't matter how well your meta ads are set up or how fantastic your creatives are, how great your targeting is, etc. You're going to fail. Facebook ads are just one link in a big marketing chain. So, you have to get them right, but don't neglect everything else. Don't be lazy. You have to look at your whole ecosystem. So, I really hope that helps. Please invest some time to consider your whole customer journey and all the different touch points that you can introduce into your target customer. Don't forget to like and subscribe and I will see you next time. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mr_M_Path [1 likes]: Good video, i just started online and meta ads and ctr was high but ad was showing too many options for customers and website didn't have enough trust signals as it's new. Got a few sales but am going implement changes and redo. 👍🏻
  2. @Arpit_Thumbnails: I can make your Thumbnails?

- How to fight ad fatigue on Meta and scale to $100M ARR: Kind: captions Language: en Are you refreshing ads manager and your best ad is getting worse and worse? You duplicate it, try cost caps, try new audiences, but nothing works. Most advertisers wait until their CAC gets way too expensive before they start testing new ads. Facebook found that you will get a 60% drop in conversion rate after four repeated exposures. In this video, I'll show you three techniques to refresh your winning ads so that you can scale to over $10,000 a day in profitable ad spend. I'm Manson, founder of Sovereign.ai. I used to be in growth and creative strategy at Unicorn BTOC apps like Comm and Cash App. I want to share with you things that I've seen work when scaling to over seven figures a month in profitable Facebook ad spend. Let's get into the first technique. Number one, hook swapping. Once you find a winning hook, body, call to action, and music combination, you can simply just start swapping new hooks onto that combination. you know already that the body and the call to action works. Now all you need to do is just to test new hooks on it and that will essentially get you new incremental audiences. The hook is your targeting and this lets you squeeze every last drop of juice from your winning ad concept. If you've watched my previous videos, you know that the Simple Intermittent fasting app uses this exact same technique to test 16 different visual hooks onto one text hook, and they all lead into the same UGC testimonial ad. A lot of other apps and ecom companies are doing this. Check out Sovereign.ai if you want to automate the creation of these hook body CTA combinations. What you can simply do is upload your own assets, choose to combine the assets that you want. It will automate the naming convention. Then you can download and test and scale. Facebook found that 50% of ads don't last more than two days. So this is why volume is crucial for success. Meta is also recommending modular creative at scale. Now on to the second technique which I call substitute. If you have a winning ad, you can turn it into wildly different format. You already have something that works and now you just need more like it. You can turn your winning static ad into a video ad. Turn your winning video ad into a static ad. Turn your statics into a new carousel ad. These are all little variations that you can do to help you increase your ad volume. But just remember to keep your winning trait intact. Your winning trait of this ad could be the creator, it could be the script, it could be the imagery, or it could be the editing style. The last technique I'll go over is what I call combination. combine elements from two or three winning ads together to create a new ad. This is similar to alloying in chemistry where you combine two metals together to create a stronger metal. For example, you can combine tin and copper to create bronze. And a story to help nail this home. I consulted with a men's mental health app a few years ago and what we noticed was that imagery with sharks did well and also angles that had a skeptical point of view did well also. So what we did was combine the two together and their top ad for months was a heavy text overlay ad with a skeptical message over a shark image. So to wrap it all up, I want you to try these three different techniques on your top 25% of your ads that have the lowest CPA, high spend, and create a batch of these iterations this week and let me know how it goes.

- Struggling With Meta Ads? Try These 3 Things!: Kind: captions Language: en if you've been experiencing a drop in performance with your Facebook ads well this video is for you hey my name is Cedric and in this video I'm going to be sharing with you three things that you can do to help the performance of your Facebook ads so the three things that I'm going to be talking about is the first one is actually tracking so making sure that you're sending as much data uh back to Facebook and I'm going to show you how to double check that uh number two is the actual creative so I'm going to be sharing with you uh I think four designs that I've made in canva that you can just literally access it's going to be completely free to download and all you have to do to make it work for your company is just upload your logo and then maybe change a headline the background image and then you can just download it and add that to your ad account and literally test them today and then the third thing is the ad account structure and what type of structure that I recommend for an ad account in 2024 with that being said we've got lots to cover so let's get right into it so the first thing is tracking so it's really important that you send as much data back to Facebook so when someone makes a purchase or uh become a lead on your website you want to send that lead event back to Facebook but you want also want to send as much data as possible and that actually usually means that you're doing both browser and server side tracking now in case you just heard that you're like Cedric I have no clue what you're talking about well don't worry I'm actually going to show you how to just double check to to make sure that you're doing uh tracking via both the browser and server and if you see that in your advents manager you're not doing that then I actually have a bunch of videos showing you exactly how to set that up you know I'll leave those links in the description of this video but uh what you want to do is you want to go to Advanced manager and you can navigate there by just clicking the little uh hamburger menu here and you're going to click on Advanced manager and it's going to bring you to a page like this what I recommend that you do is just maybe like go here and select like a timestamp of like let's say last s days um and then you're going to see that this is going to update but then if you scroll down here you're going to see all your different events and if you're an Ecom store in this in example here that's actually a pixel that's installed on an Ecom store it's actually a Shopify store uh that's why see that you we know we have the ad toart and you say check out and purchase event if you are a service based company then most likely you know you're not going to see those events you're going to see something like maybe like a lead event because inside ad manager you're you're optimizing for the leads so what you want to do is open the event that you're optimizing for right so this in my case is probably like a purchase event because again this is the pixel of an Ecom store but if your service based company probably will be like a lead event so open this uh event right here and what you want to see is you want want to see two like it's like a line chart here and you want to see two different lines so you want to see the the line here that's for server and the other line that's for browser and then you can actually move your mouse here and then is going to if it says multiple then that means you're sending events via both the browser and the server and that's exactly what you want so if you're going here and you're not seeing multiple right let's say you're only seeing browser well this means that you're actually not using the phable conversion API and that is a great way to actually help your performance like it doesn't require any cool create creatives or uh you know strategic planning or anything like that all you have to do is set up the Facebook conversion API and once it's set up while it's working it's always kind of be working on the background but in case you're not too sure uh you know what that means and what it does basically browser tracking is just installing the regular Facebook pixel on your website it is good but it often gets blocked by ad blocker Safari and there's a lot of different things and softwares that are actually preventing this to properly load along the website and it also reduced the lifespan of the cookies like uh like engines like Safari so a work around that to actually be able to track more users is to implement the Facebook conversion API which is basically server side tracking and it's a little bit more complex to set up but it really really helps and gives you a boost to track more users and the reason that's important is that Facebook is an algorithm right and the more data you can send it well the better is going to be able to you know just well first of all when it receives that data it creates a database and it can better understand who your ideal customer profile is so that when they're delivering your ads they're delivering the ads to the right people so that's why it's really important that you send as much data as possible think about like your pixel or your or just Facebook as like a partnership so you want to make sure that your partner has all the information that they potentially would need in order to Target the right people so that's why it's important to do both browser and server so if you're going here and you're only seeing browser then pretty simple just go in the description of this video and I've actually made a lot of different videos showing you how to set this up I'll leave the link um of a video that I made showing you how to set this up from scratch with Google tag manager so if you're using something like WordPress or your you know maybe a custom HTML site you're definitely going to want to watch that video but if you're using Shopify and actually in this example this is a Shopify store there's actually a native integration that all you have to do is click the button and it's going to do both browser and server sidetracking for you so it's really really easy if you're Shopify user so I'll leave the link of the of this video in the description of this video so the second thing are the creative I would say that's probably the most important one um but I've made it really easy for you guys because I've designed uh four different templates that all you have to do is just go upload your logo upload some images and then change the headline and you can literally just download them and start like testing those uh image ads right away so they are all hosted on kenva if you're not familiar with kenva it's a platform it's like a drag and drop like I guess image Builder and uh it's completely free to use they do have a paid plan but to get access to this like you don't need uh a paid plan uh it's actually there's no optin or anything the link is going to be in the description of this video or maybe somewhere here on the screen uh just click click that link again there's no optin you'll get access to that template right away you just might need to create a canva account if you don't have one but again it's free to use and I mean you should have a Cano account if you know you don't have like U like Photoshop or anything like that so this is the first design here and guys this works whether you're a service based company or Ecom company I know that a lot of these designs are more more like I mean designed for like an Ecom brand but I've tested these designs with both service based company and Ecom companies and this is something that actually works I'm not just giving you guys something that I haven't tried like I've tried these designs and they work um so the first one here it's pretty simple to to use all you have to do is up well first of all download your images on canva right here and then once they're downloaded you all you have to do is just drag your images here and then you can just click here to change the headline and then you can add a call Action and if you want to you know get some ideas we'll just look here right this is the brand this is the images that they've uploaded and then this is the headline that they added right so you can just recreate that here upload your images add your adline and then all you have to do is go to the top here click on download make sure you download that as a PNG and then I'm just going to select uh the like the the current page and then all I have to click is done and then download and then I would be downloading this image right here right but of course you want to add uh your images and your headline the next one here is a testimonial uh image ad those work really really well all you have to do is upload an image of your product of your service so like if I don't know you do countertops or if you do I don't know you install pools or if you're you know if you have a I don't know photography studio it doesn't matter just upload your background image make sure it's a really good image so something that you know when when your customers or potential customers are going to see it they're going to be like oh wow like that's that's a cool head shot image and uh then just add a really good review that's also really important so just go on your website maybe your Google my business and go ahead and grab like one of the best reviews that you have that are not too long I would say like this review here is a bit too long and uh even this review here and like the example design I would still say is a little bit too long try to find something that is a little bit like shorter um and and just one more tweet that I would make is if it's now shorter just go ahead and increase like the pixel size to maybe something that's like maybe like 30 pixels just so that it's super easy to read I'm going to remove all of that just because again this is more of like an example design but once you have your review there you can make it a little bit bigger so it's easier to read um and then that's it you do the same thing you download it um and you can try that as an ad and one thing that we usually like to do is when we're testing a new creative we'll make like a bunch of different variations so all you have to do is like make your first variation and then just duplicate that and then maybe you can I don't know try with the different review Maybe with a different background image right so you can create multiple variations um all you have to do is again upload your image change the headline add the review duplicate it as many times as you want to make as many uh different variations as you want this one here is like an US versus them again this is a design that works really really well and what you want to do here is just go upload your logo and then this would be like your competitor so there's a few different approach here you can actually grab one of your real competitor uh but if you don't want that heat then what you can do is just like so just do what they did here so it's like a non-name brand and then they're just naming here the difference between like their competitors versus their product and then you can do the same thing here so upload your image you can change those uh like those headlines here or those headings and then same thing here upload your your product or maybe if it's a service you're comparing like I don't know maybe a job that someone else did again let's say we're using countertop as an as an example so you install countertop so just go ahead and maybe upload an image of someone that installed a countertop but it's not even leveled and it's really really off and then on the right it's like you know an image of your job you can also you know you can redesign this you can make this bigger you can move things around I'm just giving you guys like a concept and something that you can actually use right now but feel free to you know change it around if you think it would look better in a certain way like changing the background color or anything like that so it matches more your like your brand uh but this concept here like the US versus them or the testimonial like I know it works cuz we use it every day and then uh the last one here that works really well if you're an Ecom brand if you're having a special sale so the way it works is you have like your sale name so in this example you know right now I'm recording this at summer so summer sale and then you have the price before the sale here you know little line so you're basically showing the compared price and then the new price then you have a picture of the product um and then a headline right here but again I'm going to use the countertop example or maybe even if you I don't know install path for living like show a price of let's say this is the starting price to install countertops before let's say I don't know it's $44,000 and now with the special price is$ 3,25 right and that could potentially just be your starting price and uh you can use this concept although it's made for a Ecom brand but then convert that for your service-based company you just have to use your imagination a little bit but you can easily convert an image that is designed more for an Ecom and make it work for your service based companies and honestly I do this all the time like I'll work with a client that's in the Ecom space and I'll find like a a concept that works really really well for them and then I actually will convert that into an ad that's for a service based company and guess what it also performs really really well so you can use images that you find works well in one industry and bring that into another industry so if you're using things like the Facebook ad library or other softwares like foreplay like you don't just need to look at your competitors for different like creatives ideas you can also look at like someone that is in a whole different industry just grab the concept and then convert that and make it work for your brand but guys that would be the last uh design here but guys again you have access to this you don't need to opt in or anything the link is in the description of this video and the third thing is account simplification so the days of having like a lot of different campaigns and eight or 10 different adsets in one campaigns like those days are over so Facebook actually calls this the performance 5 and I'll leave that link of this article in the description there's video they share a lot of information about it but basically what it means is let's say you're I don't know a supplement brand and you have like a lot of different adets in one campaign one targeting maybe um people that are interested in supplements people are interested in Fitness people that are interested in heating healthy instead of having all these different adsets well go ahead and group them group them into maybe one or two different adset because what that's going to do is going to take care of the audience overlap and a that account structure that we usually like to follow at vertexes we actually don't really use interest based targeting or even lookalike or retargeting campaigns anymore we do broad targeting and the only way we can do that is because the tracking is set up correctly that's why it was my point number one and when they're when you're actually sending as much data as back to Facebook as possible Facebook actually knows exactly who customers are because they're seeing all those purchases or all those leads that are coming in so you don't need to tell Facebook Hey only show my ads to these people or only show my ads to this specific pool of people Facebook already knows that so you can actually work with Facebook with the algorithm to get a lower CPA simplifying your ad account structure where maybe you have like two campaigns so one for like what we call it your main campaign that's where you're spending the major of your budget which probably for the ad set there I would do uh maybe a broad targeting and then on the ad level maybe you have like three to four maybe Max five ads inside that ad set and that would be it for my main campaign but then what I do with a lot of other AD accounts is I have a second campaign that's for testing and then I can actually actually use that campaign to make all my tests and then each test is created in a new adset inside that campaign right and when we're testing usually we want to have like three to four different variations and by the way guys I've made a video showing you exactly how to uh test campaigns and also how to structure like your ad accounts so if what I'm saying here doesn't really make sense make sure that you go watch those videos cuz this can definitely help lower your CPA if you're not following like you know best practices in terms of like ad account structure so there's specific ways of setting up your your campaigns but there's also another way to like test your different creatives because really at the end of the day if you are doing broad targeting you're removing one variable which is like testing like interest or look cite so this means at the end of the day you're kind of just testing creatives and that's why creatives are really really important like you could actually be doing a traffic Campaign which I don't recommend and but still get really good results if you have really good creatives and if your brand and your offer is really good so just something to to you know to remember so with that being said if your tracking is set up correctly you have really solid creatives which you know I've given you four different designs that you can just go ahead and test out and number three you're following all the best practices to you know creating your campaigns your adsets and your ads then at this point if you're still not seeing good results you might want to think about your offer maybe your brand your messaging and kind of like just go back to the drawing board because there's something else outside of Facebook ad that is probably contributing to your batter results on Facebook ads so I would just go ahead and you know double check all of that and who knows if you're a service based company maybe it's something in your sales process maybe that needs to be improved or maybe it's just like your your overall industry right now it's you know it's on the downtrend so those are just a bunch of different variables that you have to consider but with those three things like guaranteed if you're not doing any of those three like it's going to help and uh that's why I wanted to record this video to be able to help you guys but uh guys that is it for this video hopefully of you've learned something and if you did please like go ahead and give this video a thumbs up especially if you like the design that we did or you try one and actually performs well give this video a thumbs up it really helps us out and if you haven't yet subscribe to the channel because we release videos just like this every week bye for now [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @PashaPasha-ue7rr: Great insights about Meta ads! Have you ever thought about how a cold email can complement your ad strategy? I have been using FilterBounce, and it is done wonders for me. The accuracy in email verification is impressive and has saved me a lot of hassle. At just $10 a month, it is an incredible deal for ensuring that my lists are tight. Definitely worth a look!
  2. @sunilbamane8550: These tips on Meta ads are super helpful! Cold emailing can also bring in leads who might miss your ads. Mystrika has been my go-to tool for this, the automatic bounce detection keeps my sending reputation intact. Plus, the community support has been invaluable. If you have not checked it out, now is the time!
  3. @maklin-ks2gr: Fantastic video, really helpful! Cold emailing is often overlooked but can be so effective. My experience with Mystrika has been solid, the comprehensive analytics help me refine my outreach immensely. Plus, the AI personalization features really set my emails apart. For anyone serious about cold emailing, I highly recommend Mystrika.
  4. @KrystianAmbroch: Awensome! I if i dont know smth, im just searching it on your channel!
  5. @banimoshe: Thank you, Cedric.

You two guys do super valuable content.

We're still frequently checking on it.

And deeply apreciate it.

Regards fm EC.

- I Lost $1M on  Meta Ads—Don't Make These 5 Mistakes: Kind: captions Language: en $1 million, that's how much real money went through our Meta Ads accounts. Not fake screenshots, not lifetime total with ad credits, real cash from real clients spent on real campaigns. And a big part of that money I burnt it on mistakes that I could have avoid if someone told me earlier. I run a marketing agency, Lemon Agency, we manage ads across different markets, different offers, and different budgets. And I'm telling you the lessons I'm about to share didn't come from a course or a podcast. They came from losing money. So, these are the five most expensive mistakes I made, and after each one I will tell you exactly what to do instead, so you don't have to learn the hard way like I did. So, let's go. Mistake number one, trusting one dashboard. This is the mistake I made the longest before I noticed. For months, I made every single decision based on one number inside Ads Manager. ROAS looks good, scale it. ROAS looks bad, kill it. That was my whole strategy, and it cost me thousands. Here's what I didn't understand. Ads Manager doesn't show you the full picture, never did. Attribution windows, cut of data, iOS privacy, hide conversions, some leads buy 5 days later and Meta never counts them. And CRM errors add noise on top of all that. I remember one campaign that looked terrible inside Ads Manager. Three days of bad numbers, every part of my brain said, "Kill it, move the budget, start something new." I almost did, but then I checked our CRM. Turns out, leads from that campaigns were closing, they just needed more time. The real results were showing up with a delay. If I killed that campaign, we we have lost the best week of the enter month. So, the fix is simple. Never make a big decision from one source of data. We now use three layers. Layer one, Meta Ads Manager, fast signals, first look at what's happening. Layer two, website analytics, what people actually do on the landing page. And layer three, CRM or sales tracking, where the real money shows up. If all three agree, you can trust the data. If they disagree, dig deeper before you make a move. Okay, mistake number two, scaling with emotions. So, this is the classic one, and I'm not even ashamed to admit it because literally every advertiser does this at some point. You know, campaign is working, numbers look great for three days, you get excited, you double the budget, and then everything breaks. CPA goes crazy, learning phase resets, performance drops, you panic, you cut the budget back, and now the campaign is worse than before you touched it. I did this so many times, and every time I told myself, "This time it will be different." It never was. Here is what I finally learned. Scaling is not a button, it's a process, and it needs rules. The first rule, small increases. Think steady, not dramatic. If you double your budget overnight, you are basically telling the algorithm to start learning from scratch. So, if data is collected, mostly useless now. So, the second rule, separate testing from scaling. These are two different jobs. Testing campaign, many creatives, small budget, goal is to find what works. Scaling campaign, only proven winners. Bigger budget, goal is to spend efficiently. So, when a creative wins in testing, move it to scaling. When something stops working in scaling, don't try to fix it. Replace it with the next winner from testing. Okay, the third rule, only scale when three things are true. Results are stable for several days, leads quality is real, not just cheap clicks, and your backend, your sales team, your fulfillment can handle more volume. If any of those three is missing, don't scale. Just wait. Okay, mistake number three, running the same ad for months. Okay, this one hit different after the Andromeda update. We had this one ad, absolute winner. Great hook, great numbers, clients loved it. So, we kept running it. Weeks turned into months. Why change something that works, right? Wrong. Slowly, the numbers started getting worse. CPM going up, click rate going down, cost per lead creeping higher every week. But because it happened gradually, I didn't notice until it was too late. By the time I reacted, we had wasted serious money on an ad that stopped working weeks ago. And after Meta's Andromeda update, this problem became 10 times worse. The new algorithm is incredibly fast at finding the best audience for your ad, which sounds great, but it also means it burns through that audience faster. So, creative fatigue now hits in two to four weeks, not two to four months. So, what do we do now? We build a creative pipeline. So, every single week we produce new ads, not when performance drops. By then, it's already too late. Every week, no matter what. Our system is 10 new hooks written every Monday, three to five quick videos recorded midweek, your phone is enough, two edits per video, different first to seconds each time. And static images and carousels added on top with different angles. Then launch everything as a test set, small budget, and let the data pick the winners. Okay, and here is the ratio that works best for us. 60% brand new concepts, totally different ideas, different hooks, different angles, different formats. 40% variations of Take what works and give it a fresh hook or new visual style. Your creative pipeline is your lifeline. Without it, you are just waiting to lose. Mistake number four, treating my ad account like it doesn't matter. This is the mistake no one talks about because it sounds boring, but it almost destroyed our business. For the longest time, I treat our ad account like it was disposable. Got a rejection, whatever. Change one word and then resubmit. Landing page has a bold claim, who cares? It converts. Policy warning, I will deal with it later. Until one day our main account got restricted. No warning, no second chance, just restricted. And suddenly all our campaigns, all our client work, everything was frozen. I spent days trying to fix it. The stress was unreal and that's when I learned something very important. Your ad account is an asset, not all accounts are equal. An account with high spend and long history gets real benefits. Ads get approved faster, you know, fewer random rejections, the algorithm stabilize quicker. A new account is like walking on ice. So at our agency now, ads on our mature accounts get approved almost instantly. We sometimes even run campaigns for clients on our accounts when it makes sense because account history is a real advantage. So, here's what we do to protect our accounts now. Clear identity, one clear business, verified information, everything matched. Next, clean landing pages, no fake claims, no broken links, no misleading headlines. Avoid risky words. Words like granted, miracle, before and after, they trigger automated reviews. Next one, log every rejection. We write down what got rejection and why, so we don't repeat it. And the golden rule, never test risky creatives on your best account. Use a secondary account for experiments and protect the main one at all costs. Okay, mistake number five, ignoring cash flow. Okay, last one and honestly, this one almost killed my agency. When you are starting out, ads feel simple. You spend 1,000, you make 3,000, nice profit, easy enough. At scale, it doesn't work like that at all because at scale you spend money today, but the revenue comes back later. Sometimes a week later, sometimes a month later, and the gap between spending and earning, that's where businesses die. So, we had a period where campaigns were working great. ROAS looked perfect, clients were happy, but bank account was going down every week. Why? Because we were spending faster than the money was coming back in. I had to cover costs from my personal money. It was one of the most stressful times in my whole business journey. So, what changed? Three things. First, cash flow buffer. We keep separate money just for ads. It's not for salaries, not for expenses. Only ads and never, never touch it for anything else. Second, weekly tracking. Every week we check how much did we spend, how much came back, and to what's the worst case scenario for next week. So, simple spreadsheet, so it takes 10 minutes and saves you from disaster. Okay, next one, third, payment terms. After years of consistent spend, Meta gave us monthly invoicing with a 30-day payment window. Instead of small charges hitting your card every day, we get one invoice at the end of the month. That changed our cash flow completely. And not every advertiser gets this. But, if you're eligible, apply for it. It's really game-changer. So, the lesson, you can have the best campaigns in the world if your cash flow can't support them, you lose anyway. All right, so let me wrap this up fast. dashboard. Use three layers of tracking instead. Mistake number two, scaling with emotions. Build a system with rules and follow them. Mistake number three, running the same ad forever. Build a weekly creative pipeline. Mistake number four, ignoring account health. Your ad account is an asset, and protect it. Mistake number five, ignoring cash flow. The gap between spending and earning kills businesses. So, you know every single one of these cost me real money. Some of them almost cost me the whole agency, the last one. So, I'm sharing them so you don't have to make the same mistakes. If this was useful, drop a comment and tell me which of these five mistakes have you made. And subscribe if you want more real practical content like this, no BS. So, just what works. I'm Jacob from Lemon Agency, and see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cringe8206: Damn. I thought this was a another scam channel that advertises scam courses but it isn't??? Wow..

- 𝐒𝐭𝐫𝐮𝐠𝐠𝐥𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐰𝐢𝐭𝐡 𝐌𝐞𝐭𝐚 𝐀𝐝𝐬? 𝐒𝐓𝐎𝐏 𝐌𝐚𝐤𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐓𝐡𝐞𝐬𝐞 𝟓 𝐂𝐨𝐬𝐭𝐥𝐲 𝐌𝐢𝐬𝐭𝐚𝐤𝐞𝐬!: Kind: captions Language: en why do 75% of marketers struggle with meta ads because they make these five common mistakes mistake number one poor targeting not using lookalike audiences or custom audiences you're leaving money on the table fix it use datadriven targeting to reach high converting users mistake number two weak creatives boring ads don't get clicks fix it use highquality visuals engaging videos and clear ctas mistake number three ignoring AB testing running one ad without testing Alternatives fix it always test different headlines creatives and audiences mistake number four poor budget allocation spending too much on one ad set fix it optimize budget distribution based on performance data mistake number five no retargeting strategy not retargeting people who visited your site fix it use retargeting ads to convert warm leads into buyers want more ad tips follow for expert strategies on running profitable meta ads

  Top Comments:
  1. @rajdigitalmarketeragency: ❤❤❤❤

- Remove annoying Pop Up Ads VIRUS from Android Smartphone: Kind: captions Language: en Hey, what's up and welcome to a new video tutorial by Crocfix. I'm going to show you today how to do it and how to remove some viruses from your Android phone if you have constantly popping up some windows and you just want to work normally with your phone and always there comes this popup message with a new uh advertisement with a new ad and this is kind of really annoying. So you basically just go in your uh play store or whatever or maybe you just open the internet you will see immediately there is something coming up and always popups everywhere everywhere and let's check out if you just don't do nothing you see again there is a pop-up coming and this is incredible okay what we're going to do now is firstly we are going to hold the volume down and the power button together here until we see the uh turn off uh screen here and then you're going to click and hold on the power off button here. Hold it so you see the safe mode and then click on safe mode. So the phone will turn on now in safe mode. So, some basic things will be disabled. Also, the Wi-Fi, the um data uh on your phone, the SIM card and stuff, but you will have access to the system settings. So, uh we will just wait until the phone reboots and then I will show you what to do the next. So, now we are here in the menu. Let's unlock the phone. All right. Okay. So now we will go to settings and then you will go to apps. Don't tap here because this will disable the safe mode. We just want to stay in the safe mode. You see here there is the airplane sign. Okay. So you have here your apps and we have 197 apps which is a little bit too much. So we go screw here and all apps you don't need you don't know we will delete but don't delete any system apps. All right. Basically you can't actually delete this one. You could disable it but you can't. This is an Android system app. So, we want to delete this. But anything what is suspicious and what we don't know or any games because especially games do have this popups this viruses inside. So, let's just go and let's see the first one. Okay. Block puzzle. This is in deep sleeping here and you you can't actually uh uninstall it here. You see there is no option. So we need first to enable it and then uninstall and click okay to confirm. And we will do this with all apps here. So I'm going to disable and uninstall all games here. All these block puzzles which I don't need which are preventing from normal usage of the phone. I really don't know how this all came on the phone here from the customer, but maybe the customer just installed everything because they got like popups, advertisements, click on that, click here, click there. You need to be really carefully what you do uh and where you click and what you install because you can always install some viruses and they can crack your phone. They can maybe get your passwords or spy on you. So just be really carefully. Again we go here on this block puzzles uninstall. Okay. And again click on the game then enable then uninstall. Okay. Again next one enable uninstall. Okay. And again enable and uninstall. Okay. As I see there is a lot to do. So, we need to go through all of this and uninstall all you have. After that, we will restart the phone and see if the things are solved. So we came through the apps now almost through all apps. Let's just double check. We need to just leave the Samsung ones and our apps which we know that we are using. So far so good. I'm also going in the Google here and I will go here in the uh storage and clear the cache and clear data. So this will just uh clear all the stuff which is here in the in the app. So this is for the first step. Okay. After we have finished with uninstalling all the apps, let's go and try if this did work. So, let's press both buttons here and click on restart. Then we just unlock the phone. Let's see if it's still in safe mode. It's not. It's normally working. So, we can just remove the flight mode now. Data is enabled. And let's see if we get any popups here. So far so good. So I think the issue is resolved with uh uninstalling all the apps, all the games which you actually didn't install or didn't want to install or you have installed them and you didn't know they contain some spyware or advertisement viruses. So uh let me know in the comments if the video did help you. I would be really happy if you leave a comment. Uh if you can if and if it did help you, you can make a donation. The donation link is also in the video description here on my channel. Just click on more and then you have here the donation link. Thank you in advance for that and I hope you subscribe to my channel and that I see you again in the next video. Thanks for watching. If the video did somehow help you then you can buy me a coffee. Donations are always appreciated. Thank you. You find a donation link in my about page and in the video description. Please also like, comment, and share the video. And please don't forget to subscribe to my channel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CriseldaAcosta-q1w [2 likes]: I can't enjoy watching videos or reel with all those pop ups
  2. @gorilladogmotherturtlebum769: Thanks
  3. @gorilladogmotherturtlebum769: Hi from Australia 🖐my mum downloaded a cleaning app and it completely destroyed her phone it turned brown and you couldn't delete the app there non stop pop adds, i searched a few youtubers and you were the most helpful thank you so so so much 😂❤
  4. @jerryrubio9963: Why is it allowed that antivirus are allowed to extort you to pay for their services, to clear viruses  + malware.
  5. @robertg1556: Thanks, it did help me.
  6. @linasimanjug9421: Thank you so much...you like an angel God had sent to solve these problems..my pap 90 years old..I struggle for a few days and nights..to solve this problem...at last I got you...many thanks...n my pap enjoying watching his news
  7. @Charmazing1: Thank you, this helped to fix my mom’s phone. There was an app called “Files Tools Pack” which was the culprit.
  8. @ClementeFlores-f7t: Thanks a lot it work now my son is happy that ill fix his phone thanks a lot
  9. @EthelDzidefoAsimah: So helpful thank you
  10. @JaylordFrancisco-i4i: What if theres no safe mode what do i do?
  11. @havilar3095: thank you this help a lot fixed my moms phone
  12. @Mara_1906: Thank you so much, 🙏🏻it worked for me. Finally no more random ads while playing games or just being on Social media
  13. @elenaanca3501: It really worked. Thank you so much😊
  14. @capitan_albert: I had when i dowloand waterslide tycoon home screen and game was just small part and it change my main screen and put stupid ads it was a malware but i delete it on time
  15. @JojoRaotraot: In the Google i dont have clear data, buta have only clear cache and clear storage
  16. @jiamybeloved: I already deleted all the apps like that but the ads are still there ☹️
  17. @alexmaclean1857: woo! first time the phone has worked! you are a star :face-blue-smiling:
  18. @NickFerns-rp9vx: When I touch any app icon loading ads screen Pop up. I can't do anything. Can't even close the advert
  19. @dumbyimdumb: thanks so much!!! ❤❤❤❤🎉🎉
  20. @EssyJona-g9g: ❤❤❤

- How to Remove Pop Up Ads Virus on Android, Ads Popping up on Android Home Screen, How to Stop Ads: Kind: captions Language: en So what does encrypted mean? Look friends, I was just telling you all but here you can see this kind of ad has appeared on my phone. The ad has come and you'll be annoyed by such ads too. Frustrated that while using WhatsApp, Facebook or Instagram on your phone, this type of ad keeps popping up and even when you try to close it, you still see this kind of ad appearing. So how can you all get rid of these ads? In today's video, I'll show you. I just showed you all something in WhatsApp, but immediately an ad appeared on my phone. Are you also getting ads like this on your phone? Are you tired of closing them repeatedly, getting annoyed, yet they keep coming back? Sometimes when you're using WhatsApp, sometimes when you're on Facebook playing games or watching movies, you watch videos yet ads keep popping up on your phone. They keep coming and closing them is frustrating. They won't stop. But in this video, I'll show you how to get rid of all these ads on your phone permanently. Let's see. I'll demonstrate live how these ads appear on your phone. Watch as I use my phone. And in a few seconds, you'll see an ad pop up right away. See, friends, I just left my phone idle. And look how quickly an ad appeared. These ads keep showing up on your phone. And today, I'm going to help you get rid of them. So, how can you stop this? All right. The first thing you need to know is that your phone has three buttons for this. Okay. So, you have a minimize option here. All right. You can see your recent applications here. These are your recent apps. But look how smart this one is. You don't see any app screen in the recents, right? It's transparent. But if you long press on this area, you'll see three options. These three options, you'll see a settings option. Click on that setting option and you'll directly enter this application. See here, you won't find any name for this app. Nor will you see any icon. This is a very sneaky app that's hiding inside all of your phones. Now, how can you uninstall this app from your phone to get rid of these ads that keep popping up? Here's what to do. You need to open the settings app on your phone. After opening it, you'll see an option here. You see the apps option here. Click on this apps option. Then you'll see manage apps option. Some phones show all apps too. Click on manage apps option here at the top. If you look carefully, you'll see MB size shown is 78.83 MB. Now an ad appeared. We were explaining how to remove this ad. But an ad suddenly popped up. Look, we were about to close it, but it took us to Play Store. This is the issue you all face. You're probably dealing with this problem, too. You keep seeing ads here repeatedly. Notice the MB size here, but beside it, no name or icon is visible. Nothing shows. This is the app causing issues for you all. Look, my phone has a sort by app name option here. Okay. When you click here, you might see recently used. All right. Notice the gap in the middle here. You'll see this if you stay on the storage usage screen. You won't see it at the top, though. When you scroll down, you'll see less storage used here. See, there's a gap in the middle here. You won't see it at the top. Scroll down to see less storage. See the gap in the middle. You'll need to find sorting by and click used recently. To see it, click on this app at the top. See, it's clickable here. Click where there's no name or icon. After clicking here, you will get to see an option. Clear cache. Okay. You have to do this first. You have to clear the data first. Then you have to do it. If you want to uninstall then click on clear data here and here. Clear cache. Click on okay. Then click on clear all data here. We'll do click on okay. All data is cleared. Now what do you have here? There is an option to uninstall. You have to click on it and see there is an option of uninstalling. Now here and here is an option of okay. There's an option if you have to click on it. Then as soon as you do it here see the uninstall has been successfully done. And now name it shortening by app here or use shortening by recently. Now here you have an application with empty space. You will not be able to see that the application that is here now. Now now all of them have the name of the app showing the icon of the app is visible but you are no longer able to see that application and now your any type of promotion inside the phone can now be viewed inside the mobile. If you don't get it, I hope you all get through this video. The spammy ads that are coming inside your phone again and again will help you. You must have got rid of it. And if you have got it, please like this video. If you are new to the channel, then subscribe to the channel and we will do it for you. If you keep making videos like this, then all of you must comment on our channel. Write something for us. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @allanbacon596: Thats really good 👍 🎉
  2. @maricelatibing5258: Thank you
  3. @klvp4934: I dont see from my phone
  4. @manojsarjine6061: Thank you 🙏
  5. @SunilJat-r4h: Need promosen
  6. @meiringmeiluh5829: Thanks.
  7. @ULTIMATE_GAMES_91: 🎉 Thanks bro 🎉
  8. @ShaheenAkter-s5e: Thank you so much
  9. @sinethembambatha1021: Thank you so much. I was literally losing my mind.
  10. @soniasarwar4811: It really helped me out 😊
  11. @JohairahLumpa: Trueeeeee
  12. @babykiko1618: How to even go to setting if the app non stop popping .like it doesnt give u time to breath at all. What can we do?
  13. @Rip_VS: Tysm❤
  14. @AzhanSiddiqui-i5v: Thank bro 😊😊😊
  15. @nicajorenarcalas8222: Thank you very much. Yun lng pala un. Tagal ko nagtiis sa ads😢
  16. @shaikabdulla6283: This video is very help full❤
  17. @bradeamin63: It's because you've install apk mod like game mod apk, that's why you got the virus. Whatever what you do like uninstall them it would be come install themselves again. You had no choice to factory reset your phone, good luck
  18. @SidduSiddarth-f6u: . Check recently installed apps

Most auto-ads come from shady apps.

Go to Settings → Apps 

Sort by Recently installed 

Uninstall anything suspicious (flashlight apps, mod apps, unknown games)
  19. @JordanPumay-o: Bro thanks
  20. @OnlyRoro_07: ty bro ❤

- How to Block Ads on Android: Kind: captions Language: en To block ads on Android, go to settings and then network and internet. Scroll down to private DNS. Choose private DNS provider host name and enter DNSGard-dns.com.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mr-cheese167 [1 likes]: I hope your pillow is cold on its 3 sides
I hope your food gets hot in the temp you and drinks get cold in your liking too
I hope your bed is always warm at all times
  2. @adeeladeelhashmi7075 [1 likes]: What to write after DNS. ??
  3. @hartleyhare99: Bombarded by bullsiht ads constantly. Then more and more. And more.
  4. @arponsarkeroffcial: Thanks mate ❤
  5. @AbsoluteNerd69: Doesn't work
  6. @localteamanReans: Doesn't work
  7. @CelestialCrystal: Amazing! Thank you so much!
  8. @AbdulNaser-o4n5z: Congratulations for knowing good news
  9. @shaikakthar6612: Fake
  10. @AwaitingHisSoonReturn: not working
  11. @syedariffathassannaqvi1123: Thank you so much
  12. @PrinceChikore: OK I
  13. @Harry_48: Not working
  14. @RajnishGamingFF: This doesn't stop yt ads in India
  15. @goldianatan6106: HELLO 
SO UM i and other people try this and others it doesint work so i think we need to reset our phones but pls you had t think first cz maybe if you reset the virus will still come and you will be angry so think it first
  16. @rhuttrho88: NO INTERNET ACCESS PRIVATE DNS SERVER CANNOT BE ACCESSED. And I restarted the phone.
  17. @ramak.goberu7472: It is not blocking adds but blocking the whole app
  18. @predator-20244: Thank you, it worked for YouTube after restarting the phone again
  19. @SidduSiddarth-f6u: . Check recently installed apps

Most auto-ads come from shady apps.

Go to Settings → Apps 

Sort by Recently installed 

Uninstall anything suspicious (flashlight apps, mod apps, unknown games)
  20. @catknightlabuschagne2456: if I had a genie lamb I would make a wish that all ads should have 1 hour cooldown just so we can relax from that

- How to Block Ads on Android: Kind: captions Language: en there's a way to block website ads on any Android phone go to settings connections more connection setting then tap on private DNS switch it from the off position to private DNS provider in the text box below type in DN dog guard.com that'll essentially filter and block all the ads from the Android phone while you're browsing Bo bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @mostafataher900 [1 likes]: Thanks a million it blocked the forced ads on games ❤❤
  2. @LeratoJafta-r6d [1 likes]: It was very helpful 🙂
  3. @Danidakio254 [1 likes]: Thanks it was so annoying
  4. @SheriAwan-d1k: Not working MF
  5. @valentinatrans: hola buena noche yo no puedo usar DNS para bloquear anuncio por que me pone lento el celular y los navegadores se pone lentos que otro metodo hay
  6. @gertjansenvanvuuren4102: It doesnt work for me. It disconnect my wifi and say ir couldnt be done
  7. @itsdavetd: It works but wifi doesnt work no more
  8. @robsmith7246: This does not work if you get your internet from Virgin Media.
  9. @NixX_Lexeuyi1: I'll be back if it works or not
  10. @chategroupsambhajinagar4199: Ok done  Thanx
  11. @Haider_Ali991: Hey! Love your content
  12. @Haider_Ali991: Hey! Love your content
  13. @Haider_Ali991: Hey! Love your content
  14. @huzaifahashir6890: Thanks brother❤❤❤
  15. @misbahshabbir2291: It didn't worked for me😢
  16. @naagin_world12: Its work so real thanks 🙏
  17. @Imadusani: It is working thanks... 🎉
  18. @BilalIqbal-z9q: Thank you so much it really works 😊
  19. @tshegofatsomatlale4579: What a game changer! Thanks a lot🎉🥳🥳🥳
  20. @LadymaeLlamas: Still there ad😢

- How do I block ads on my Android home screen | how to remove the fullscreen popup ads from phone: Kind: captions Language: en yeah see this is my wife's phone and it's got a problem just check it out folks I was watching a video and all of a sudden this ad popped up you can't close it no matter how much you want to you see there's a scrolling bar running below until it finishes you can't close this thing then there's an option above that says fast but it's not making any sense look here when I clicked there was a play now option nowhere to cut it though just check it out when this one came up I clicked here and saw it redirected me to an ad the same might have happened with you too when you are watching a video or doing anything else then an ad comes on your phone screen notice when you try to close it an ad pops up you see right there's no icon that you can see here no name two notice this here it says Play Store but check it out there's no name anywhere on it I mean there's no name anywhere so while I was watching this video this ad came into the picture now how do you shut it down now watch it's really easy to close it down but it's super tough for those who don't know how to do it so what have you got to do firstly you need to go to phone settings after going to settings there will be this option you see app management if it's a real me phone you will see app management click on it now when you get here you will find an option that says app list look here app list click on that now no matter how much you scroll or search you won't find that application which is giving you ad no matter where you look you won't see any unknown application that's giving you ads see look right now there's no application you can find anywhere no matter how much you search but guess what you can find it it's like this please give a like to this video at this point the moment you turn your phone into dark mode you'll be able to see those notifications down below here there's a dark mode option as soon as you turn on dark mode you will be able to see that magical thing watch here when I turned on dark mode this white colored icon appeared the ones who make these apps they fraud us so well we are like what the heck look at this the icon is of pure white color if you don't turn on dark mode you won't ever know which application is showing you the ad look closely you can see right as soon as we do it in dark mode now look no sooner did we turn on dark mode we found out that this white application with no icon at all is the culprit not this one this one there's absolutely no icon for this one and there's no name for it either once you click on it what you need to do is click on the uninstall option and uninstall this application so now you see uninstall this app click OK on this and this application is now uninstalled now you won't be able to see any application Above So friends you can solve the problem like this and you can now turn off dark mode on your phone some folks see that our phone is back to its previous look and you won't now receive any ad on your phone's screen on this note friends please give a like to this video if you're new to the Channel Please Subscribe and I'll see you in another video until then take care of yourself take care bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrRPZee [324 likes]: For more details visit here: https://news9to5.com/
  2. @SandeepSharma0606 [1 likes]: Thank you bratashree
  3. @cliffdriftz: Bruh TikTok always annoys me😢😢
  4. @purpleguy-f1q: Thank you bro I sub you
  5. @elyvxzl: Your the goat times 1000
  6. @Toyou..4: Worked
  7. @AKReelXIndia: Thanks
  8. @Meerarajesh-u9q6r: Thanks bro ❤❤
  9. @Mayur-n6b: Thank you man , just when it happened, YouTube was the first thought, and this video helped , within few seconds it was done , and yeah the Media processor app was not on top in my case but was somewhere in between, lol they do trick you
  10. @RosemarieRosalejos-n9p: thank you for your video my phone is now safe
  11. @cherylvillaroya9049: Thank you so much!🙏
  12. @Monghai12Wangdam: Thank you brother❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @vishnulucky6: Thanks bro🙏alott🙏🙏🙏🙏
  14. @brianmwangi2107: Thank you bro❤. Ads were really disturbing me each 5 mins but now everything good. Back to normalcy
  15. @ramadigitals-u7: Thanks alot bro this actually worked
  16. @licifer4839: I found it and uninstalled 😂😂😂
  17. @MOVIE30A: Thanks so much ❤
  18. @KishanShetty-t4t: Thank you so much ❤️
  19. @virandersharma3938: Really helpful thank you
  20. @Jasiek100: Moo, gut hindi mena gut, hałlpen mei

- 5 Mistakes to Avoid as a New Linux User: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello again everyone and welcome back to learn Linux TV if you're a brand new Linux user there's all kinds of things that you need to learn and it could get fairly overwhelming and the thing is there's also some things that you'll run into most commonly that might trip you up so in this video what I'm going to do is help out all the new Linux users out there by going over five things that new Linux users usually run into or five things that you should watch out for and I know just starting out with a brand new platform especially Linux can be a bit overwhelming well keep in mind you have this channel to help you out so if you haven't already subscribed to learn Linux TV then you should definitely do so because this is your home for Linux related fun and learning and teaching you guys about Linux is literally what I do now with all of that out of the way let's Dive In and go over the five things that I think new users should watch out for starting with number one and the first mistake that new Linux users often make at no fault of theirs is that often they'll use too old of a kernel version now Linux differs from other Platforms in that the drivers for Hardware are included right in the kernel itself that's pretty cool actually because that means Linux itself has drivers to well run just about anything the problem with this is that if you use too old of a kernel version then it's not going to know about Hardware that came out in the future so if you have a brand new motherboard a brand new video card but an older kernel then the kernel has no way of knowing that those pieces of Hardware exist and obviously won't have drivers for them so one of the symptoms of this is a piece of Hardware might not be operational at all for example a network card might not be visible so it looks like you don't have a network card even when you do some weird Hardware related Shenanigans will happen when you use two old of a kernel version and the interesting thing about this is that it's not like the new Linux user made a conscious decision about which kernel to have on their Linux distribution that decision was made by the Linux distribution so here we have an issue that Linux users might run into and it's literally of no fault of theirs they didn't choose the kernel version they didn't choose the hardware support level they just chose a distribution so ultimately this is a distribution problem some times Linux distributions will ship with older Linux kernels thinking that it makes the distribution more stable which has never been true and a result of that is the kernel that they offer as part of the distribution is so old it doesn't work with newer hardware for example maybe you install the latest version of Debian and it's the most current version but it doesn't support your video card your motherboard or something like that maybe your sound card and maybe those things would have worked on any other distribution but they don't work on the one that you've chosen because the kernel is too old that happens so if you do have a problem when it comes to Hardware support or things not being detected you could just try to use a different distribution which will have a different kernel version and you can look at the kernel version on kernel.org if you're curious what's the most current and then see if that solves your problem this is something that I think most new Linux users will run into so I figured I would add it to the list continuing the second thing that I'd like to bring up is probably obvious if you've been using Linux for a little while but if you're just starting out you might not be aware of this and that is that you should not run as root all the time the root user is essentially the most important user on a Linux system because root can do anything for example if you want to install a package with no password no problem if you're running under the root account you won't be asked for a password it'll go ahead and do it the thing is the root account has more privileges on the system than any other user so if you accidentally type an RM command for example and you don't craft it properly and you end up removing your entire file system well you can do that if you're running his root you won't even get a password prompt and the reason why this is such an issue is because an assumption is being made within the Linux community and especially within distributions and that assumption is if you're using the root account you're doing so because you know what you're doing and that's why the root account doesn't ask any questions it doesn't get in your way it doesn't stop you although there are some exceptions to that with the way that some distributions have been designed more often than not root will let you do everything for better or worse and the worse is potentially an on bootable system so don't run his root all the time instead use sudu and again this is probably common knowledge for many of you so I don't want to spend too much time on this in fact I have an entire video that covers sudu if you want to learn it but regardless of what other Linux admins are doing out there don't run his root all the time create a normal user for yourself that's the best way to do it and that's the way that you should do it so create a user for yourself and stop using route unless you absolutely have to now the third mistake that new Linux users often make and this is somewhat surprising to me is that they'll install a Linux Distribution on their computer as the only operating system without testing compatibility first now here's the thing I'm not trying to be judgmental here but you should never ever ever install any operating system unless you verified compatibility first you definitely don't want to install an operating system get it installed and find out that nothing works and you've already blown out your main operating system on that hard drive replaced it with Linux and by doing that you've basically handicapped yourself because now you can't do certain things because you didn't test compatibility first now what makes this interesting to me is that most distributions offer live mode what live mode allows you to do is demo a Linux distribution before installing it so you could test your Wi-Fi card your video card for example you can plug in an external monitor make sure that works make sure you can get online your your sound card works you can check all of that before you install it if any of those things don't work you should not install it find out why it doesn't work and when you have a general idea why and what to do about it then you can proceed with the installation but do not install Linux without testing compatibility first now by telling you guys there's a demo mode that lets you demo Linux before you install it you would think that this is a problem that no one has but still I find all the time on forums people posting messages like I installed Linux and I can't get online now how do I get online or how do I get my Wi-Fi card to work and I'm wondering did you not notice demo mode did you not notice Wi-Fi wasn't working before you installed Linux now I'm not trying to be judgmental I just honestly don't understand why that's so common it's a very common issue and that's why I always tell you guys to use live mode test compatibility first and then install Linux and you'll have a much better experience now it's time for number four another mistake that some Linux users make is they'll write off an application or command because it's difficult to learn for example they may not give Bim a try because it might be overwhelming to learn or they might not give the said command a try which would otherwise be very useful to them sorry to interrupt my own video but I just wanted to let you know that I appreciate each and every single one of you and I love creating Linux related content for you guys but unfortunately producing highquality Linux content like this isn't cheap but if you want to help me make even more content for you guys then consider supporting learn Linux TV TV and a great way to do that is to check out the official shop for learn Linux TV which was just recently updated inside the shop you'll find Dr themed shirts bags drink wear and more and there's some other surprises there as well for example I've just introduced a mouse pad that doubles as a t-mo cheat sheet how cool is that so check out the shop at merch.ly dotv or you can check out the merch shelf right here on YouTube you could get yourself something really cool and support Linux learning at the same time so it's a win-win anyway thank you guys so much for your support I really appreciate it now let's get back to the video so some commands might get written off just because of their difficulty level and I think the biggest reason why this is the case is that people assume that they have to learn everything I mean if you take a look at all the options for any one Linux command you might think like how does anyone remember all of these commands well the thing is nobody remembers these commands instead people remember the things that they use or the options that they use they write those down and that's what they use but they don't learn everything I don't think very many people have memorized the you know man Pages for every command or anything like that that's just not normal if somebody looks at a man page for Vim or rsync or any of these other commands that are you know more complicated they might get scared off there's just a lot to learn but the thing is again you don't have to learn everything you only need to learn the options that pertain to what you want to do and that's what you learn and that makes everything a lot easier and and even I had the same problem I didn't start using the said command until much later in my career because I thought it was overwhelming but when I realized I didn't have to learn everything I now use said pretty much weekly and sometimes daily it's a very useful command and it's one of the ones that I recommend that you learn but definitely don't write off a command because it's hard just learn the basics the very very very Basics low-level Basics and then I think you'll have a much easier time getting up to speed with that command now for mistake number five and that mistake is focusing on just one distribution now I get it there's all kinds of Linux distributions out there I mean we have Ubuntu Debian Centos I could go on there's a bunch of Linux distributions out there often what happens is people within the Linux Community will tell you and recommend that you pick a daily driver distribution and you stick to that one now I do agree with that to a point you should pick a daily driver Linux distribution absolutely but don't let that be your only distribution you should have at least a plan B distribution because maybe the distribution that you use as your daily driver is going to go a direction that you don't want to follow along with and changes happen all the time so if you don't want to go along with a distribution's decision you might be left with a choice stick with that distribution or learn another one from scratch but if you at least know the basics of another distribution and that becomes your plan B drro then I feel like that situation won't be as difficult in n navigate and if you work at a company even better because that way you'll be informed of multiple distributions you know the basics of multiple distributions that makes you more marketable but yes choose a daily driver but that does not mean that distribution should be the only one that you use it could be your main distribution but always have a backup plan in case something happens anyway in this video I've gone over five things that new Linux users often run into and I hope you find this content helpful the thing is there's definitely other things that you might run into as a new Linux user but I wanted to go over five of the most common things that I find in this video which is exactly what I've done but if you want to learn even more about Linux if you haven't already subscribed to learn Linux TV then definitely do so because I upload new Linux content every week anyway with that said there's our video I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next video thank you so much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnplays9654 [1 likes]: sudo rm -rf /
  2. @Jgrunnels: Thanks!
  3. @jarchack: I found out the hard way that newer kernels don't necessarily have the correct drivers either "Nvidia".
  4. @pedanticseal4725: I didn't have to test it, as I installed Linux on my new framework, and they have a list of compatible distros :3
  5. @FreyjaFosse-b2j: I run Ubuntu on one machine and Fedora KDE on my laptop, that makes it easy to keep updated on both distros. I prefer KDE over Gnome just because I like it better, but working with computers I need to be proficient on Ubuntu (Debian) and Gnome as it's the most common distro and environment, and fedora based is #2 distro. Hence I have one machine running each. My favorite environment / distro is Fedora KDE, but that's just me. 

Like most Ubuntu machines has only nano so I use that a lot, but Vim is for me a better choice, I need to know both. 
The point is sometimes you need to use more than just one thing and being tied to it as told in this video. 

If it's just for personal use never mind but if you work with IT in any shape or form it matters as you suddenly get into a different distro scenario you need to solve. Being used to more than one makes you more adaptable and you can more easily figure out another one as you're used to thinking different in problem solving.

Thank you for sharing
  6. @kvltntr00: The first mistake is installing Linux
  7. @NoahAbrams01: I have a minor problem in linux mint where the monitors seem to stuggle consistency shutting off on their own. Should I be updating my Kernal as a possible solution? Using a version of 6.17 right now. maybe that is the updated version ill have to look into that as well.
  8. @serpentinaspit: That t-shirt <3
  9. @KeithAlumbaugh: Can you just run an updated kernel on any distro?
  10. @MR-vj8dn: These are some weird warnings to me. But okay 😊
  11. @mara_marena_0408: I did the third one. Luckyly, everything is working fine. I'm also lucky that Debian is stable and not that hard to understand.
  12. @tommy2cents492: An OS is not a game...
It should be invisible, just there to launch programs.
Why would you need multiple OS-es on your PC? Terrible!
I hate Microslop, but this is not a good message!
  13. @jerryferreira8960: I love your AC/DC spoof on your t-shirt
  14. @TorranGamer: Not sure why you are bitching on noobs :/ I did all those mistakes and what, I learned...
  15. @barrycook5607: Thanks, sounds too complicared to me,so will block your channel.
  16. @ShadowTheLight: Is it possible to upgrade the kernal version? I have a laptop with Debian 12 on PeppermintOS and I want to switch to the Debian 13 Peppermint OS but I don't want to lose all of my settings and files by reinstalling the OS
  17. @ulcuber: I use Gentoo+i3 and Devuan+KDE. I can chroot along with multiboot
  18. @ulcuber: GRUB has multiboot(2) for a reason. Distro-hopping is easy
  19. @danielpontini79: Buy a new SSD. Put Mint / Fedora or Zorin on it and learn the Differences from the Penguin to Windows while you keep Billgotchi as the main OS :D.
  20. @kmk4960: I'm guilty of this one, big time!!!!! 5:14

- Beginner App Store Ad mistakes to avoid: Kind: captions Language: en If you're new to App Store ads like I was just a few weeks ago, you're probably about to make a bunch of mistakes that will cost you a bunch of money, reduce the effectiveness of your campaign, and limit your ad reach. In this video, I'm going to step through the three most common mistakes you need to avoid. Because, as it turns out, avoiding these mistakes can boost the effectiveness of your App Store Ads campaign and reduce your marketing costs. For the past few weeks, I've been going deep down the App Store Ads rabbit hole. At first, it was to boost my visibility in the app store, but soon I realized it started to actually have a meaningful impact on organic search results as well. We'll see where it goes in the long term. And I'll keep you updated along the way. In the meantime, if you want to reduce the costs of your app store ads, simply subscribe to my channel and I'll show you what works and what doesn't with my own money. I tried app store ads for one day. I spent a h 100red bucks for two clicks, so I turned it off. Impressions go way up, engagements go way down. just seems like the quality of traffic is terrible. This is probably going to be the very first problem you're going to run into when you first set up your App Store Ads campaign. I know because I ran into this problem, too. And I burned through $800 within a few hours until I worked out something was wrong. It's not you, it's App Store Ads. When you create a new app group, it will always default to search match. App Store Ads describes search match as the easiest way to get your ads up and running. We automatically match your ad to users who are searching for apps like yours. But the real description should actually be the easiest way to waste your budget by automatically matching your ad to useless keywords from users who are clearly not searching for your app. And even if they were, it's going to cost you a lot. And if you're new to App Store ads, you're probably going to want to turn this feature off. I thought adding keywords to my app store ads campaign and marking them as exact match only was enough to ensure my ads only appeared for those exact match keywords. But this search match feature overrides your exact match rules. Within a few hours, I spent a bunch of cash on my campaign and I couldn't work out where the money was actually going. My keywords were showing no clicks, but my campaign was showing $800 spent. Turns out when you go to all keywords, then search terms, it will show you the exact search terms your keywords are appearing for. For this specific keyword, the exact match campaign was set to only show for the keyword learn piano. But to my surprise, App Store Ads was showing it for keywords like beats, music editing, and sheet music. I would consider these keywords low intent, meaning someone looking for music editing software or to read sheet music probably won't bother with a game designed for kids to learn the piano. For more control over your campaign spending and where your search ads actually appear, always make sure the search match feature is turned off and target exact match keywords. For some reason, I never get impressions for the exact match keywords, even when keywords have good popularity and max cost per tap, $2. When you first set up your ad group, App Store ads will automatically suggest a recommended default maximum cost per tap. Don't trust it. It's a lie. It lies to you. If you choose the default bid, you'll spend weeks with no impressions and then one day App Store Ads will say, "Hey, you need to increase your bid." With the experiment I ran, I set up my maximum cost per tap bid to $10. At least in the beginning anyway. It's something you can probably adjust later on. And I know what you're thinking. That seems crazy high. How on earth can I generate $10 for every install from the App Store? Well, first, this is not actually the bid for the number of installs to your app. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's actually a lot worse than you think. This is the maximum you're prepared to pay every time someone taps on your ads. They might not even install it. So, why would you bid $10? It seems crazy. Well, you want to be seen. And to be seen, you have to outbid someone else. Every time someone searches for the keyword you're targeting, a mini auction happens. Set the bid too low and you'll never be seen. I never actually reached the maximum cost per tap bid. It cost me on average 55 for my visibility campaign, $3.97 for my launch campaign, and $6.38 for my experiment campaign. Why do I have three campaigns, I hear you ask? All with a $1,000 daily budget. Well, that brings me to mistake number three. All my keywords were in a single campaign. Then, when my experimental keywords reached the daily limit, the entire campaign paused. That meant my app no longer had any visibility in the app store. I had several campaigns running with separate objectives. I'm not sure what the best practice is, but what works for me is to separate them into separate campaigns. My visibility boost campaign is the campaign that only targets the exact match keywords for search terms people use to find my app. Piano Run, Learn Piano Game, and Piano Run. This campaign was the whole reason I fell into this app store ads rabbit hole in the first place because organic visibility on the app store is kind of bad at the moment, especially for those new apps. So, I'm paying so people can actually find my app on the app store. And because it's only targeting my keywords, the name of my app, the volume is super low. But I want the campaign to keep running. Before splitting this into its own campaign, I would have all keywords running in a single campaign. And part of my learning journey has just been to experiment with keywords and see whether I can get any traction. A single keyword exhausted my entire campaign budget, which meant my visibility keywords disappeared, too. So, I've created an experimental campaign where I can play around with the keywords without impacting visibility. One thing that has been really useful with the app store ads is the ability to test different keywords and markets. For example, my app run started as a learn piano tool with some gamification elements. After launching, it became kind of clear that most people are using it on their iPhone with only 20% of downloads actually happening on the iPad. For me, that's a clear sign that users may prefer a more casual gaming experience than an entire learn piano tool. And that has a big impact on which keywords I should be targeting in organic results. Is it a learn piano tool with some gamification or a casual piano game? Turns out I can run an experiment with app store ads to see the results, target different keywords, and see what users prefer the most. And this market research and feedback informs what features I'll be building into the app and what direction I'll take it. And this is something that would take months to discover with organic search alone. Now, it only takes a few weeks. So, to recap, turn off search match for every ad group you create. Set a high bid for keywords when you first start and create new campaigns for each keyword group objective. If you have any specific questions about app store ads, let me know in the comments. I'll see if I can help. I also recommend checking out the App Store growth academy by Teodora. I'll put a link in the description below. She's been kind enough to help me every step of this App Store Ads journey.

  Top Comments:
  1. @twizzlestix9309 [14 likes]: This is a sure way to crush indie devs. We don’t all have tons of money to run campaigns that may or may not return results. I get that Apple “may” be doing this because of the influx of ai apps but it’s a sure way to punish people who just can’t afford to throw money away with no guarantee of ROI.
  2. @yil.summer [8 likes]: My first time to do apple ads - followed your advice and set the bid to 10 and turned the money burning toggle off. After 1 day, zero impressions.
  3. @whalestacks414 [2 likes]: Thank you Adam, but there is no link to the resource you mentioned at the end of the video in the description
  4. @KEEVVY: My mistake always trying to change title and tags
  5. @hakobgrigoryan8925: If I’ve put daily budget to $100 and bid on keyword tap $10, is there any chance that it will charge me more then 100 daily? Btw 2nd day already I have 0 impressions
  6. @ariyanshaikh4907: Imagine waking up with a twenty thousand dollar invoice from Apple because one of your competitors found an exploit that lets them burn through your daily budget.
  7. @brucevang-vr: This is gold! Thanks for posting and sharing!
  8. @KaiWenFranklin: I am having a heck of a time with the Ads  I have yet to get one to run.  Seems like it is a problem with the languages supported in the program.  Wrote to Apple for some help.
  9. @nov8tr1: You recommended Astro to do popularity vs competition analysis in one of your videos and mentioned a rubric where if popularity is X and competition is Y, you could see about Z in revenue. What was that video or rubric again?
  10. @gamekonet: thanks for the valuable video, I still didn't try, but is there a way to see the revenue from the campaigns, and see the ROI?
  11. @LucaL1fe: Who the faq does make a positive ROI with that?
  12. @ricardoruiz2800: Where is the link to the Academy? I don't see it. Thanks.
  13. @maxwellcoleai: Thanks for this info Adam. Much appreciated! Fascinating.
  14. @MUNEZ25-DLA: Brilliant videos, I've got a really good,  idea, but making it a reality is questionable. Wish I knew what I was doing with app builds. 😂
Keep up the good work,
  15. @houmie: Good video thanks
  16. @imsofdesign: When something like that happen with Apple, people that use cross platform have a lot more security.
At least to not be 100% on one platform, because rn it’s even a question if building for the AppStore is worth it with the ads cost
  17. @youngdomsey: Can you recommend the Basic ad plan?
  18. @StupidInternetPeople: Congrats, on joining the lemming dimwits club comprised of all those living in a bubble of ignorance believing that if they make a thumbnail of themselves and then “point”, this will ensure success on YouTube, never once considering how looking exactly like every other DoucheTuber doesn’t make you unique in people’s feeds, it only makes you a lemming moron 😂
  19. @ZyshanIbrahim: Very helpful loved your content 
btw are you looking for video editor?
  20. @IluwaKosenka: Okay, Adam, I've learned my lesson. If I get a notification that you have a new video, I need to watch it right away, or it might not be there later😂

- 7 Pitfalls to Avoid With Your IOSH Managing Safely Risk Assessment Project: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Alex I'm a tutor at hsqe in this video I'll be explaining seven common mistakes both I and other tutors have noticed when marking Irish managing safely risk assessment projects by avoiding these not only increasing your chances of passing the course it'll also assist you when applying these skills in real world scenarios number one using your own risk assessment form so let's get into the first Common mistake students make regularly students submit the risk assessment in the template of their own organization it is allowed but it might not meet the requirements as described in the project instructions document to avoid this use the form provided with the course this form is designed specifically to meet the Project's criteria and ensure you cover all necessary aspects or if you prefer to use your own form check it Mees the requirement described in the project instruction document this will ensure that all aspects of the risk assessment are addressed to attract the most marks it can so number two not supplying for separate hazards we often see risk assessments that do not have four separate hazards which causes them to lose many marks this is a correctly filled out risk assessment there are four separate hazards here electrical wires obstructing the walkway boxes being stored on top of cabinets above head height vehicles and people using the same space in the car park and use of portable electrical equipment this is an incorrectly filled out risk assessment in this example the two haard identified are two similar as they are twoo similar the first Hazard would gain marks but the second would get no marks at all is important that the hazards identified are completely different to prevent your hazards being too similar identify hazards from totally different categories which can be found in the course materials or try to identify hazards that may not be immediately obvious so number three not supplying hazards that require additional controls the hazards need to have additional controls in order to gain marks the example here shows when a hazard has been chosen that does not require additional controls this loses marks as we need to see that the concept of reevaluating risk rating after control measures are applied is understood to ensure this is avoided make sure all the hazards you have identified are not currently adequately controlled and require require additional control measures so number four is leaving gaps in the risk assessment it is crucial that all parts of the risk assessment are filled out to gain the best marks sometimes boxes are left out like in example here this could be any box such as the LCR rating or current controls this can be as the assessment was submitted before being fully completed or uncertainty of what should go in the Box double check your assessment course sending it in and if you're unsure what needs to go in a box speak with a colleague who completes risk assessments review the course materials or contact us for advice so number five is missing the review date not entering a review date or entering it incorrectly will lose marks the review date box can be found at the bottom of the risk assessment the review date is when the risk assessment will next be reviewed often students drop marks by leaving it blank or it is filled with the date when the assessment was completed to ensure you gain the mark add a review date and make sure it is in the future review dates on risk assessments act as a useful reminder to ensure that they are frequently checked to make sure they are still suitable and sufficient six is calculating LCR LCR must be entered and correctly calculated to G marks L is for likelihood C is for consequence and r RS for risk rating they're described in detail in the course sometimes these are left blank or not calculated correctly it must be filled out and calculated correctly to gain marks if you are struggling with LCR visit module 2 assessing risks in your Irish managing safely course finally number seven who will Implement slm monitor controls and when often the person completing the assessment will put themselves as monitoring or actioning the additional control measures which isn't always correct the action or monitoring by when also can have errors when it has not been understood this is what the con should look like the example shows a good understanding of who monitor or undertake the action with the relevant workplace roles identified it also shows the specific different time scales for each of these actions to be taken or monitored by I hope you found this video useful in completing your iOS manag safely risk assessment remember these mistakes can be easily avoided with a bit of care and attention to detail following this guide gives you the best chance of passing your course and also help you in effectively using these new found skills in your workplace

- OET Test Strategy Part 1: Test Day Tips, Mistakes to Avoid & How to Stay Calm: Kind: captions Language: en hello my name is Alicia and this is the first of two videos where I'll chat with you frankly and honestly about getting through your OEt now doing this exam is a big step for you for your future and for many of you out there also for your family that means you do not want to waste time and you definitely do not want to waste money I have seen so many candidates do the test over and over and over again never getting the result they want or need stop it is possible to do well in your oae on your first try I'll repeat that for you it is possible to do well on your Oh on your first try how by being well prepared you need to be well prepared with your language communication skills you need to be well prepared with your test-taking skills and you need to be well prepared for your test day and test day procedure in this video I'll tackle the first two your language skills and your test-taking skills first your language skills to do well in the OED you need to have a high level of English about the level of a b2 + or c1 on the common European framework of languages many of you out there may not know what that is and will add a link where you can go have a look and see the standard of English that is required but communication skills are not something you can learn overnight you have to practice practice assistant li practice everyday not for hours and hours on end but 10-15 minutes every day gets you where you want to go surprisingly quickly so practice well before do preparation courses in the classroom online do online courses on the OEt website there are many resources where you can find places and persons with whom you can do good preparation courses next your test-taking skills why do you need to practice your test-taking skills because doing a test under pressure is very different from chatting with your friends over coffee or doing an exercise at your leisure at home first of all for many of you out there for most of you out there this is not your native language so you have got to practice reading writing listening speaking thinking 100% in English throughout this entire exam and that is not something that you can learn to do overnight so practice the test practice under test conditions to really know yourself and what you need to do in the real exam the next thing is the OEt format is different from many of the exams that many of you out there would have done it is not a test of facts it is a test of communication skills that worked together and once again this is something you have to practice so what do you do again go to the OEt website download sample papers see what the test is about do your research find a preparation provider do an online course do a classroom course do whatever works for you and at the end of it I strongly recommend do a mock test under very similar exam conditions so you see what you are capable of then under pressure so in the next video I'll chat with you about test a procedure [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @captainfromoverseas9048: Thank you very much
  2. @khaledmahmoud1000: Outstanding
  3. @emanaljaali3303: Great❤️
  4. @ablaahmed1353: 👍👍👍
  5. @ajeshmohan256: 👌👍

- Avoid Branding Pitfalls Lessons from UFC, Nike, and Top Marketing Pros: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. >> Good afternoon everyone. My name is Ingla Hangarpai with the ASU Small Business Development Center. Welcome to today's webinar, Action Brand Secrets from Near Death to a Multi-Billion Dollar Brand. We're going to give everyone about 30 seconds to join and get settled. Um, we're excited to have our speaker, Mark Imperial, today. Feel free to say hi in the chat and tell us where you're from and what industry you're in. Um, thank you for joining us today. This live webinar session is brought to you by the Texas Southwest Small Business Development Center Network. The mission of the Texas Southwest SBDC network is to foster small business success through confidential one-on-one nocost business advising services and low to no cost business training events. We are funded in part by the US Small Business Administration and the state of Texas which allows us to host these training sessions at no cost. I would like to thank all the SBDC centers that are co-hosting this session today. I also want to take a minute and run through some Zoom tips that will make the session run smoothly and will help you get the most of your time out of here today. As this session is conducted over Zoom's webinar function, your video will be turned off as you enter the session and your audio is automatically muted. You can change the view settings by selecting the speaker or the presentation to view one one or the other um whichever you prefer. Please utilize the Q&A box on the bottom center of your screen to ask questions. We'll be addressing these questions at the end of today's presentation. You may use a chat function to engage with the speaker and other attendees. This session will also be recorded and made available to view later on demand. A digital copy of the slide deck and additional materials mentioned in today's presentation will be available and sent via email after today's webinar. So now let me introduce today's speaker, Mark Imperial, author and owner of Action Brand Marketing. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. Uh Mark is not your average business expert. He's the branding and marketing wiz who's worked with huge names like Nintendo, Pokemon, and Under Armour. Plus, he's the go-to guy for Dan Kennedy's no BS marketing letter. That's right, the marketing legend himself. Today, Mark's going to show you how to grow your business into a powerhouse brand that everybody loves. So, get ready for some serious fun, tons of energy, and lots of aha moments. Um he's the best-selling author of this action brand marketing and books grow business. So without further ado, I would like to hand over today's session to Mark Imperial. >> Thanks Englely. I appreciate it. And uh hey Texas, what's up party people? I'm super excited to be part of the event today and uh share with you today. So let me go ahead and share my screen with you because first and foremost, I promised you copies of my books. So go ahead and hit that QR code or go to book uh getmarksbooks.com and you could download the digital versions of books grow business and this is action brand marketing where we're going to be learning from today. So let's get right into it. So this is action brand secrets from near-death to a multi-billion dollar brand. I want to make it clear that regardless of what size enterprise you are, the lesson I'm sharing from this near-death brand to multibillion dollar brand is applicable to any size business. And so I want you really to pay attention and learn and and take from uh that lesson. So I want to start by having you visualize something. Imagine this. Your brand is everywhere. Your name is instantly recognized and your message is crystal clear. That means your inbox is overflowing with opportunities. Clients are reaching out to you and media outlets are inviting you to share your story and event organizers are lining up to put you on their stage. That's really what great branding and messaging is about. Your brand isn't just a logo or a tagline. It is your reputation. It's your aura. That's what I like to call it. It's your magnet and it's your ticket to the next level. Now, in contrast, imagine this. Imagine what happens if you don't prioritize your brand and your marketing stays on the back burner. It just doesn't get done. The calls don't come. The opportunities don't they just pass you by. Your expertise remains the best kept secret in your industry. I don't want this for you. What future do you want for yourself? By the end of our short time together today, you're going to see why taking the time to dial in your branding and your marketing is the best decision you're going to make for your business. and you're going to walk away knowing a great formula and a blueprint of exactly how to get started on the right path for you. So, who's this for? It's for business owners. Whether you're new to business or whether you're seasoned, I'm going to show you how to leapfrog to the top of your field. This is for also for marketing professionals and and marketing nerds, as we call ourselves, who are passionate about staying ahead of the curve. Here's what we're going to cover in three parts. And I've got a lot to share. So, I'm going to keep going kind of quickly, but I think it's pretty clear and I'm going to take all the questions that you want at and we'll cover them at the end. So, type them in as as you think of questions, but we'll cover them at the end. Part one, I'm going to show you why branding fails so you could avoid those traps. In part two, I'm going to give you the blueprint to the action brand formula to grow your your business into a powerhouse brand that everybody loves. And in part three, you're going to get the action plan. I'm going to show you all the pieces of an ideal branding scenario that's adaptable for your business and show you where to start so you could become that go-to leader in your market. So, let me start by getting right into it and and giving you my expression that is the theme for the day. And that is we don't build a brand in order to get a customer. It's the other way around. We actually want to get a customer to build a brand. And at the end of the day, your brand isn't owned by you. Your brand is owned in the mind of your audience and your and the public. So that's why what it means is there are a millions and millions of different impressions of what your brand is depending on who you ask. So that's how we're starting off today. I want to give you a quick snapshot just so you know the context of where I came from. I'm not a new internet cowboy and I bet a lot of my references here are going to age me a lot. But I spent 25 years in experiential marketing and branding for some of the world's most famous and popular brands. Love brands like Under Armour, Pokemon and Nintendo. Under Armour, I launched their shoe division in 2006. Pokemon. I hosted Worlds uh in Hawaii on the Big Island. And for Nintendo, I do things like launches for their their product launches and uh like Super Smash Bros. Brawl. We did a wonderful tournament around the country for that uh to launch that. And on the direct response side in marketing, verbal branding, this is a totally different world. I worked with the legend in the marketing space, 17 years with Dan Kennedy, and uh I was certified by him in direct response marketing, which you're going to learn a ton about today. and he's literally the OG and the most quoted man in marketing. And I wrote for his no BS marketing letter. If you've subscribed to that for three years straight, reaching thousands of business owners. I've wrote a bunch of books on the subject. These are my two most popular ones and the ones that really give you the essence of of what I have to share with you and teach. I host radio here in Chicago where it's a balmy 50 degrees and raining today here. Um and after coming back from Miami and Orlando going from 97 to 50. Wow. I got to meet a lot of really cool business celebrities and personalities along my journey. So, that's been great, too. And I get to speak and share my message and hopefully help as many business owners as I can when I speak around uh the country and around the world on marketing and branding. I run Imperial Kickboxing, which I took this brand from zero to thousands of fans and followers at our jam-packed events just on the power of branding. And I only share this to illustrate that what I share with you is applicable to any field you want to apply it to. Some random weird facts about me. Uh I'm launching a brand with Ricardo Llamas, UFC fighter called Strikeetics. And if you remember Tao with Billy Blanks and you you know Zumba, of course, we're following in that model, that business model. So launching that new program. More random facts about me. I'm from Chicago. I got to work. I had the honor of working for the late great Walter Payton, running his string of nightclubs here, hiring and training the DJs. I'm famous for house music being from Chicago. Again, if you look me up and it looks a little weird because you're like, "Who's this guy?" There's a bunch of stuff about house music in Chicago. I I owned House Nation Records back in the 80s. See how old I am? And I coach fighters at the UFC gym and my favorite TV show is infomercials. So, that's kind of weird, right? Typical marketer. Who else has a veggie bullet? Type it in the chat. [laughter] Sometimes it's only me. I know that that commercial hasn't run in a while, the infomercial, but that this thing's been bulletproof and I use it every single week here to to prep the veggies. Um, my company, I've helped over 800 personal brands get launched or rebrand their businesses. And we start with their signature books. So, I've helped over 800. I work with about 60 per year on that. So now that you know where I come from and my background is in branding and direct response marketing. I've for once and for all I put I demystified it in my book. I wanted to put uh to unblur the lines between branding and marketing so you see how they work together. So let's get right into it. Part one, why branding fails. Here's how to avoid these traps. I promised that to tell you about a uh a multibillion dollar brand that was on the brink of failure. And that brand I want to share with you is the Ultimate Fighting Championship. Do we have any UFC fans in the audience today? UFC started in 1993. That was their first pay-per-view. And I bought it for a whopping guess. Try to guess how how much it was back then. $14.95. Was that's was a expensive pay-per-view back then, but it was very niched. It was for martial artists. The people really who cared back then were people that were studying karate and and uh uh you know and martial artist taekwondo and since I was a lifelong martial artist that fascinated me because they they really got me when they said which martial art is the best in the world who can beat who we wanted to know. So that was the appeal of the UFC at the time. Now by n by 2001 the UFC was on the brink of bankruptcy. they were getting banned in cities across the country and they didn't know which direction to go. So they ended up selling the business. Um, two guys, casino guys from Vegas, the Fertitta brothers bought it for a measly, and this is all relative, of course, $2 million. And at the end of the day, they really didn't buy any assets. People said, "What are you buying here? If you don't have any events, what are you buying?" when they what they bought was literally the name UFC and just a handful of contracts they had with fighters. They didn't even have any events scheduled. So, but the forert brothers, they wisely thought, you know what, those three letters UFC is going to be what people know and they're going to they're going to know to love in the future. And that was essentially the brand that they bought. Now, as they went on to give you, you know, cut edit to later, the UFC became the fastest growing brand in the mid 2000s. We're going to talk about that. And now they're valued at about 11 billion dollar by themselves and they merged with a larger company. So the question is how did they do it? How did they go from almost going bankrupt and failing to becoming valued at almost 11 billion today? And of of course I'd imagine you guys know with the the name it's a household name now because it was the fastest growing sport. We're going to discuss that it had all to do with one mistake they made in their branding that they were able to fix and you could avoid it and you can benefit from it in improving your own branding uh in this presentation. So, more to follow on that. Here in lies the problem when it comes to marketing and branding. You guys all started your businesses because you have a passion for what it is that you do or you're really great at serving your customer or your client in any field. Whether you're an accountant, uh whether you're a financial advisor, or if you have a brickandmortar, maybe a health and wellness or a fitness business, that's your passion. Well, when you opened up shop, often times it you say, "Okay, now that I'm open, I got to get some customers or clients in here. How do we do it?" That's because marketing and branding become an afterthought. That's the biggest problem I see because we know from being in the marketing and branding world that that is a whole another career and you you know you're not expected to know this stuff when you got your education and your certification for what it is that you do but we know the problem is how to get a client. Now if you ever went to Google and said what kind of marketing is there and how do you do marketing? Look at what shows up. Types of marketing dozens and dozens of different things. social media, influencer, video, brand, inbound, outbound, direct marketing, direct mail, confusion, utter confusion. And if you're not really grounded in marketing and branding, you don't know where to start or what to bother with, what not to bother with, what's relevant for you. And I'm hoping at the end of this this uh presentation, you're going to get a better grasp on where to start with that. But let's keep going. I want you to understand though in essence all of these things you see email content video influencer these are actually only channels you're it's really about two things. It's about who is it that you serve and what message what clear message or offer are you giving those people [snorts] and all of this you see on the screen here are just different ways modalities in which to reach them. So that's where in lies the confusion. We're going to get that simplified and clarified for you today. Starting with a couple quick definitions. Definition of a brand. According to the AMA, brand's a distinctive feature like a name, term, design, or symbol that identifies goods or services. Here's what I say the definition of a brand is. It's the perception held in the mind of your market. That's people's impression of you. And the act of branding, the verb, it's the deliberate act of planting those seeds to fuel that perception. It's very similar to when you start your first day of school or enter a room of complete strangers. How is it that you dress? What's the aura that you put out there without people ever knowing your name or knowing who you are? What's the impression you're going to make? That's only a piece of it, the first impression, but then there's so much more. and we're deliberately wanting to plant those seeds for the perception that that folks that you want to have folks have about your brand. Definition of marketing now because it's a totally different thing. Marketing is separate. According to the AMA, marketing is the activity set of institutions processes for creating, communicating, delivering, and exchanging offerings that have value for customers, clients, partners, and society at large. Wow, that's a mouthful. What I really say about marketing, what's my definition of marketing? It's everything that you do that gets people to check you out, that gets prospects in front of you that are interested in what it is that you do. And when you think of marketing, everything is marketing. Your employees are marketing. Anybody that interacts with your audience, they end up being marketing. That's why Disney is so smart. They train their staff. Even if they're in the janitorial department, they train them. If hey, if if you run into a a a guest and they ask you a question, they train them on how to interact with their guests. That's also why at when the park closes every night, they refresh everything. They repaint the polls because that's marketing. When people see it and see how impeccably clean the park is, they spread the word. The word spreads and their their fan base grows. And that's all marketing. So, everything's marketing. Now, the here's the five biggest branding and marketing traps that I want to help you avoid in no particular order. Number one, though, blindly copying ads without knowing the success of the ads. Again, if you just went into business and you're like, gosh, I got to write an ad for to to drive some traffic in here and get some customers and clients. Don't just copy what you see other people doing and competitors because you don't know if the ads that you're copying, whose homework are you copying? You don't know if they have any success or not. If you if you really need to find a clue on that, see how long they've been running that particular ad because if if they have been running it for years and years, it's more likely that it's successful because they wouldn't be pouring so much money into it. So, blindly copying ads is one thing I see a lot. That's a huge mistake. Number two, copying a lead generation ad. I want you to understand this really quickly. It doesn't apply to everybody, but you ever see those infomercials where they're advertising, say, a a book for $19.99 or $29.99, and you think, "Oh, you know what? That person's getting rich off of selling $29 books." Well, nigh nigh. The reality behind that is there's a business behind that book. often times those that $29 purchase is only meant to to really get you started because they're selling you something on the back end which could be a high ticket multi,000 thing or look at Proactive Acne Care. They get you for $39.95 for the first bottle of stuff. But did you know that they lose an average of $180 per person that buys that $39 bottle? So they're they're in a rear for several months until your subscription catches up. I want you to just be aware of that so you know whose homework you're copying and understanding the economics behind what they're doing. But if you can get the first purchase to pay for your advertising, that's marketing utopia right there. Number three, copying established brands. We're going to talk about this a bunch because in my uh in my adventures in marketing, the biggest mistake I see a lot of colleagues make is they say, "Oh, I just got a business going. I got a logo and I got to come up with a tagline like Nike, like just do it and therefore I'm going to be successful because look at how successful Nike is. What they're not seeing is how many years, decades did it take to really uh make that impression and burn that impression in the mind of the consumer that the word just the words just do it associate with Nike. And we all know that that's an a sports brand. Well, huge mistake because in the early days they didn't just use just do it. Now, you're going to see some examples of how they built that brand and made that impression in the mind. But it's really about how do you enter the mind of your consumer. They took millions and billions of dollars to get it to to where they now can just be like, "Oh, just do it. Let's put it on a shirt and everybody knows what it is." So, don't copy established brands. If you're if you're yet to be established and known, you need to start to create a message for yourself, which is what we're going to share today. Number four, falling victim to predatory salespeople. They they don't mean bad, but salespeople that are selling you advertising in certain media, they're just trying to sell their space, but how do you know? They're not necessarily marketing and sales professionals or experts in branding and marketing. How do you know that what they're selling you is going is the right channel for your message to reach your audience? That takes a lot more work. So, don't just, you know, uh, fall for buying any ad that's being offered to you. [snorts] And number five, big mistake, bad messaging. Bad messaging can be product or service focused. Talking about your stuff, talking about what people really want is they want to know how it benefits them. At the end of the day, people buy things or hire people that are going to help them survive or help them thrive. That's what they're looking for. And anything else, they don't care about the kilowatts or whatever the actual nitty-gritty of the product is until they know how it benefits them. And we're we're going to show you some of the uh you know, some of the big mistakes in action throughout this. Now I started I started by explaining there's two types of marketing that are distinctly different. One is brand marketing. Brand marketing is the kind of awareness marketing that lets the world know that you exist. It's there to build like a loyalty over time and it's there to maybe entertain you and create humor. So like some of the insurance commercials you see today. But then there's another type of marketing which is direct response marketing and that's all about creating action and that's about creating cash flow. So brand marketing first of all that's building long-term brand awareness and loyalty and direct response eliciting immediate response. And immediate response could be one of two things. It could be selling something, maybe selling the first thing you have to offer, your your loss leader even, uh, or just purchasing the most popular product in your line to get people uh, on the bus, so to speak, so that you can then cross-ell and start to sell all the other products um, that you offer and services. Or it could be to elicit a response just to build a list. It could be an exchange offer like, "Hey, enter your email and I'm going to give you this free report." That's another list building. That's direct response. Anything that's making an offer and asking for an immediate response. So, let's talk about uh let's let's share a brand marketing example. We were talking about um Nike and their posters. Now, anything they do, here's an early poster that said just do it. Now, I mentioned the cons of doing branding with taglines. And that's why taglines can be real cringey uh if and and not something to focus on in the early days because it requires massive investment over time in order to position that brand indelibly in the hearts and the minds of your consumer. And that won't help you and move the needle in sales until that brand gets established. Not saying not to do it or to throw it away, but it has to take a backseat to direct sales, direct response. Here are some examples of direct response marketing. The pros, you could bring in buyers and revenue first, right away. This is what I want you to do is is building the buyers, getting that customer. Now, the con, the cons, they can be a little ugly and cheesy because they're really uh verbal branding. This is messaging. This is like how do you get into the mind of who it is you that you want to reach? But these are examples of some of the most popular um uh ads and the most successful in history, the exciting ant farm. And the one the ad on the right is super famous for selling a a home study course on playing the piano. They laughed when I sat down at the piano, but when I started to play and look at that long copy, a big mistake. You'll hear a lot of friends and family, they mean well, but they might say, "Who's going to read any of that stuff?" And that's probably because they aren't your customer. or they didn't want to learn how to play the piano. But I'll tell you what, if you wanted to learn how to play the piano and you didn't know where to start and you were really, really interested, you would read every single word. So, there's a lesson right there. Do not write ads for non- buyers. Write for the buyers. And who cares what anybody else thinks because they weren't going to buy from you anyway. So, why would you want to please somebody that's just going to be like, "Oh, that ad's a lot prettier. Thank you for showing it to me. I'm still not buying." [laughter] That's an incredible waste, right? For the buyers. Remember this ad? Uh, see, do you notice something? Here's another thing that's kind of cool about this. Who whoever who bought this? Who joined the Colombia Records and Tapes Club? See, I'm aging myself again. 13 records or tapes for a dollar. Any seven records or tape for a penny? Notice that the brand of Colombia Records is nowhere on here. And that's because they weren't established and it was not important to make the sale. They wanted to get the customer first and then they start sending you the Colombia this, Colombia that. But what's important is the brand takes a back seat to getting a customer. So which do you do first, branding or marketing? By now it's kind of a rhetorical question, right? We prioritize the marketing to get the customer and then the customer helps to build your brand because when you become a fan of something, you're like, "Wow, this is tremendous. This is incredible. I love it." Now you'll start wearing the Columbia Records Club t-shirts. You see? So now let's go back and look at the UFC. What was the mistake that plagued the UFC and what caused their failure? It was bad messaging. That was that that pitfall number five when they first started. Remember what got me in and to buy that first pay-per-view? It was which martial art is best? You know, who's going to beat who? Then the other message they put out, there are no rules. It made you, it gave you an impression in your mind that they're going to lock two people in a cage with no time limit and one person's gonna walk out of there. It's like gladiator, you know, and you see, you're imagining like teeth flying and all this like brutality. Um, but that it's like what we call car crash marketing or advertising. People want to see what's going to happen and that that's the appeal of the thing. So, their appeal was pretty much um brutality, violence. It was a freak show or what I call a spectacle. You know, a spectacle like a car crash. People just want to see what's going to happen. But you and I know that that only takes you so far. That's the problem with that kind of messaging and it traps you. And in their case, it got them attacked cuz they were you saw all the politicians were banning the UFC and that's what was causing their downfall. So, how did they fix it? What they did is they fixed the messaging. This is how they did it. They established rules and they added a timer. Then they added weight classes. Before it was like anybody can fight anybody. You'd see a a 400 lb sumo wrestler fighting a 145 lb Muay Thai fighter. And it was interesting to look at. Ridiculous though in the outcome. And it was just a spectacle again. But over time people like, okay, we know what's going to happen here. Then they really gambled the most. They took their last $10 million relatively again and they they put it down on their own produced and funded TV show on Spike TV called the Ultimate Fighter TV show. And that's what turned it around for everybody cuz all of a sudden instead of just karate students and this little small niche of martial arts enthusiasts seeing it, this was on on cable television for the world to see. And people were like, "What is that?" They'd stop in the channel. They'd start telling each other about it. But here's what they did the most. They glorified the athletes on the show. The show was all about putting the fighters in a house where they trained together and there was an ultimate competition at the end to see who was going to win a contract with the UFC. So, they glorified the athletes, talked about their trials and tribulations. They made them real people, not just a freak show, uh, you know, or spectacle at the at the circus. They emphasized the sport. So, you see what they did there? At the end of the day, they changed the impression or what we call the appeal in the mind of the consumer. They turned spectacle into sport. That's the one word change. So my challenge to you is in your business, what's the impression? What's the one word impression if you were to describe your business that your audience is is taking away from you? What are you about? And is it the right impression that you're making? In Action Brand, we call that the DNA. And we're going to talk about how to find that for your own business. So the result with the UFC 2016 they sold it for $4 billion. That's billion for a B. So not not a bad uh uh investment there. And today it's worth uh over 12 billion by itself. And they merged with WWE. So together they formed a $21 billion company with them all because the appeal stuck and it grew because people really wanted that sport. So part two action brand solution. We're going to show you the formula now. How to grow your business into a powerhouse brand that everybody loves. Here's my DNA formula. This is what I want to teach you to find out what that message is for your business. DNA stands for distinction of novel appeal. What is your distinction and what's unique about you? That's your appeal. So, let's look at the at this ven diagram here. In the distinction circle, you can do this exercise on a pad of paper. You make a list of all your distinctions. That is everything that you are good and great at and how you serve your client and customer. This means your education, your certifications, uh what are you what are you best at? What are you award-winning at? What are you trained to do? Write it all down there. On the novel side, if you look at your your company, your work compared to other people in your field. If you're a financial adviser, other financial advisors you look at, what do you do that's a little bit different that you can call your own that what, in other words, what is novel about your work and how you serve your audience? It could be in the speed that you do it, in the way that you do it. It could be in the order that you do it. I always say because, you know, a big misconception people say, "Well, I'm a financial adviser, but so are thousands of other people. We all got the same education. We all do the same thing." So they're describing a commodity, right? But I always remind you that you do it a little bit different because of your upbringing, experience, and background. And my expression for that is the notes were already there before Beethoven came along. So how how is it that you do things a little bit differently? So make that list and another column of what's novel about what what what it is that you do. Now down at the appealing part, make a third list. What keeps your audience up at night? what is important to them, what is actually appealing to them. And if you can find an intersection between your distinctions, what's what you do differently, and what the audience really wants, some where in there is that big idea for you and the appeal that you could put out to the world. That's the DNA formula. Let me know if I explained that well. If you had any questions about it, make sure to type them in. I'm going to give you an example here. One of my clients, uh, Jane McQuillin, she's now the best-selling author of the value journey. We helped her launch that that book, uh, last year. Now, her company was called Journey Consulting. She's an exit planning advisor, a SEIPA, uh, who helps businesses sell their, you know, prepare their businesses to sell at maximum value. Now, her background is she was a CPA, so she's a real numbers person. and she said, "Well, I I you know, I need to," she wanted to really lead her field, get more speaking engagements, and reach more people. So, I asked her, Jane, um, we're trying to find the title for her book. I said, "How do you do your work?" She said, "Well, I'm an exit planning adviser, so we just put them through the the exit planning process. That's very generic. That's what everybody does." But I said, "I'm sure you do things differently." She said, "Yeah, I'm a CPA, so we do this process differently and this process like this." I said, "Well, guess what, Jane? You have your own system and this is now your formula. You own it. It is now your brand and you're the only person that can claim this. And we're going to call it the value journey because you help people increase their values. And your company's called Journey Consulting. So now she's world uh renowned and known as the author and the creator of the value journey. So much so that even other exit planners are asking to license her brand and they use her book to help grow their practices. How would you like your competitors using your book to grow their businesses? Who's who is getting uh you know who's getting glorified there in that case? And you're still helping a lot of people. So think about that as a lesson action brand. What this means and this is what I want to share. There's a meaning behind this title. It means acquiring customers and clients through irresistible offers. Now very deliberate on action. It's it worked out as the right acronym. Now the word brand, what does that mean? Broad recognition of affinity and novel distinction. How did that work out? And notice action is before brand because in my messaging what I always tell you guys and I I always beat it like a drum is you you know the direct response the action is more important and brand always takes a backseat to that. Just wanted to share that with you because this is what I want for you. When you come up with your methodology and your system, this could inform the way you title your book, for example, or how you message or how you create your brand and your message to the world. So, it's all about being different. Let me let's go into the three immutable laws of action brand marketing. Rule number one, clarity over cleverness. I want you to be clear with your message and and talk about what problem do you solve for that audience? and using you're going to be sending direct response offers to audiences to grab attention, collect leads, gain buyers so you could snowball your cash flow. Examples, we talked about Nike a whole bunch. So, I'm going to stick with this for a minute. On the right there, you see what we recognized as just do it. The early days when nobody knew what that was. They're like, "What's that little swooshy thing?" Okay. Nobody recognized Nike was a, you know, a Greek god of something. So there was no recognition in the mind. Kind of like Amazon. What what do they mean by Amazon? You know, it's a huge river, right? Look at the verbal branding in that early ad. There is no finish line. All the language talks about like if you have a body, you are an athlete. Essentially, they're trying to express the idea that we help you win and not just polished professional athletes. We help the everyday person win. So that is for you. and over millions and billions of dollars of advertising investment. We now know it as just do it. Now, you and I didn't have the the luxury of that budget. That's why I emphasize don't copy people's homework until you understand the history of it. Next one. Look at McDonald's on the right. That's how we know them, right? I'm loving it. Which, by the way, on the side, that's a a branding phaua. You're not supposed to tell people how they should feel about it about you. Like, I'm loving it. That's not cool. But um look at an early ad. Notice a couple things here. M those hamburgers at McDonald's. To make it more so, order a McDonald's cheeseburger. Both made with pure fresh beef and served on toasty buns. Who's Who's hungry? Okay. Look for the Golden Arches. McDonald's. Notice a couple things there. They really got you understanding that what they're all about. The burgers and the food and how delicious it is. And what took a back seat? Notice the logo. Where is it? It's not at the top of the ad where most people would think to put it. It's at the bottom because what was more important? Nobody knew McDonald's at the time when they started. So they're branding the food in the mind and then they started and and now look how sloppy they got. Oh, everybody knows who we are. Just we'll just put I'm loving it and then it makes you hungry. It's a Pavlov's dog, right? Uh here's another example. Mastercard, which was called Master Charge before, right on the right. Take a look. Sharing your second love with your first. Priceless. See, sloppy because everyone already knows what they are. They don't need to do much except show up. But in the early days, did you know there was a time where people didn't know what a credit card was. So, look what they had to do. I carry clout. Clout gives you acceptance. Clout is power. That's mastercharge. They actually were teaching the verbal branding on educating the consumer and then the brand took a backseat. So that's another example there. Number two, brand takes a backseat to the headline. You're going to send branded messages and swag only after you gain that customer fan because people want to share something that they're proud of. Number two, another example here. Look, it's safe. It's not really money until I decide to use it. Again, for Bank America, there was a time people didn't even know what a credit card was. So, it took a lot more educationbased marketing, what we call EBM, to create that market. So, big lesson, uh, think of whose homework you're copying. Number three, immutable law. You'll optimize the flywheel. You're going to start creating a family of ads to and assets to achieve maximum growth. What that means is you take an ad, if it does really well on the next one, you try to beat it. You don't necessarily change your ads all the time because if it's working, you keep it going, but you try to see if you can beat it. That's called beat the control. If the next one beats the first ad, it doesn't mean you throw it away, but maybe you rotate it until it tires and then bring the other one back. Just you should have a family of ads with different appeals. Now, part three, let's get right into it. I'm going to give you who wants to know their personalized action plan. This is the piece that I think everybody needs because they don't know where to start with their branding and they're being pulled in so many different directions by frankly so many different salespeople trying to sell them something. Here's the blueprint to be the go-to leader in your market. Action brand principle here. Every business should be a media company and every founder should be a creator. What do I mean by that? Every business should be a media company. Back in the days, we used to have to spend a ton of money to advertise our businesses. Whether it's television, radio, there was no internet back then, so it was a ton of money. But today, we have the luxury of social media and a lot of platforms where we can talk and be seen every single day for like no cost except your time and investment in in in the creative. So in order to stay top of- mind, you just need to communicate with people answers to their problems. So that essentially makes you a media company like a being in the being a newspaper for example. And when I say every founder should be a creator, people today connect with the founder of companies. That's why when I say when I say Microsoft, who do you think of? Bill Gates. When I say Apple, is there somebody you think of? The late Steve Jobs. When I say love him or hate him, when I say Tesla, who do you think of? Notice that the most the biggest companies in the world, the ones that got the fastest acceleration of of success and traction, it's because they're attached to a luminary or a founder. That person's a creator. They were outspoken. They shared their ideas. They gave people the answers to their problems. That's why I say everybody should be every founder should be a creator because people seek answers, not advertising. Therefore, your opportunity to stand out is to consistently offer answers with your content marketing. So now, here's a list of your prime position positioning portfolio assets. These are all the things you can focus on. And by the way, when I give you the list of these top, I don't you don't have to do all of them. Do what is most comfortable for you until you master it and then add another channel. So that's what I want you to think of when you do this so you're not pulled in lots of directions in order. Number seven, print media. Do you have a newsletter for your business? That's probably the best example of how do you stay uh top of mind with your customer base, whether it's in print. At minimum, do an email newsletter to regularly touch base with your customers because then you can make offers. If you're a restaurant, you can offer coupons occasionally. get people to see you at least on a weekly basis on a minimum. People were doing blogging, that's not as popular today, but email newsletters uh has taken over. That's and and print media. I prefer print. If you can do both, fantastic. Number six, a podcast. If you're good at talking, if that's your jam, uh, and and it's easy, it comes easier to you than writing, then by all means, a podcast that can get you unlimited, uh, you know, and and the platforms are free or low or no cost for you to create podcasts. Number five, a YouTube channel. Today, YouTube, we all know this hasn't changed over the years. This is the second largest search engine on the web uh, next to Google is YouTube. people there type in questions to their problems and they're looking for answers. You show up with your content. That's a way for a really great way of discovery. Number four, become a subject matter expert in your topic so you can be a guest on other people's radio shows, TV shows, and podcasts, even local events. Subject matter expert. And of course, an advantage you'll have is by being an author cuz hosts inside Secret when we do radio, I'm always looking for somebody that has a book because it makes me look better as the host saying I'm bringing on an author just not just an everyday person that has a business card, but this is a person that wrote the book on the topic. Speaking number three, and and this is actually the best way to spread the word about what it is that you do. And especially if you have a book, it's the number one way to uh promote your book is by doing speaking. That's why I do speaking tours myself. Number two, live events. You see how we're touching all the different modalities, print, internet, inperson, live events is a fantastic way you can do an annual conference for your folks. And oh, by the way, when it comes to live events, another really cool one, and this works for any type of business, even brickandmortar. I'm helping my local gym here, the UFC gym, customer client, and in their case, member gym member appreciation parties annually where you allow them to come in to celebrate and, you know, rent a bunch of uh bounce houses, you know, put them in the parking lot, do a little festival, a party, and then have your current member base. Give them passes for a friend. Bring a friend, a neighbor. That's a an ultimate referral source is creating a um at least at a minimum an annual member customer client appreciation party. [snorts] Number one, the number one tool you start with is your signature book for all the reasons that I've been sharing with you today. It's the number one way I get the message out for Action Brand Marketing, my book, and how I get to meet wonderful folks like you, and being able to help people is because I'm very clear in what I'm about and who I serve. So, signature book, quick examples of some businesses that were built by a book, Dale Carnegie Training, Leadership and Communication and Sales Training, that was built on that book, How to Win Friends and Influence People. Are they still sharing that book today? because I'll tell you there's not a not a person in the world that didn't know what that book was when I was growing up and that was like the number one way to learn how to speak and how to communicate and sell. Um so that built a fortune. Now Anthony Robbins, who doesn't know Tony Robbins here, okay, powerhouse of a brand and his first book was personal power and then his follow-up book that that really skyrocketed was was unlimited power and awaken the giant within. You see what happens here is these titles telegraph. They tell the world what you're about and who you are and who you serve. So he's grown the the I mean he owns islands now as a result of being a just a a giant as a personal development and uh and coaching leader doing seminars and training for that. Um Dave Ramsey see in the financial space as a financial speaker fin in financial services the books that he's known for financial peace and the total money makeover. Notice whether your picture's on the cover or on the back. I prefer it on the back personally. It's a little bit more subtle and humble and and people that want to know who read something, they're going to look at at you. And unless you're a really a speaker by profession and you're trying to brand your image because you talk on the stage, I recommend putting your photo on the back to be more humble until you get to become Tony Robbins. Then you could make perhaps move your your uh picture to the front of the cover. But this is again verbal branding first. Financial peace. Those are headlines. What are you about? What's your book about? But before you your brand takes a backseat to uh to the message. Uh here in Chicagoland area, we have Jeffrey Leving. He's he runs ads all the time. Dad's rights. So he wrote the book on father's rights. Uh here are examples from my clients. Um and I want to share with you. Here's businesses built by a book. Adrien Hines on the left there. We just published that and it's it's actually climbing the charts today and I'm excited to see where she's at because I think we were at number 40 in in the charts and she could be hitting we're aiming for number one of course she came to me with the book. She has a huge Tik Tok channel called the ladylike lawyer and she specializes in bankruptcy. So, she wanted to to write a book and originally the title was just debt relief with dignity because she's all about, you know, really about debt relief without embarrassment or shame. So, she had debt relief with dignity. I said, "That's really great. It's a it's a little it's clear, but it's plain." I said, "Adrien, if you want to be known for something, let's be known for something." And when as in our conversations learning and helping her with her brand, she was telling me what it's all about. and she she kept saying, you know, bankruptcy isn't what people think. There there's it's not an embarrassing situation. There's a lot of myths and misconceptions, but it's really transformative and you wouldn't believe uh the magic it can it can do for you. So, I said, "There you go. There's your brand. How would you like to be known as the author of bankruptcy magic?" We did the research, saw nobody owned it. She now owns it. People are going to be kicking themselves. Every bankruptcy attorney in the world is going to be like, "Man, I wish I had that brand." because that brand creates fascination. Now, if you're in the financial field and you had a podcast or TV show, who wouldn't want to have the author of Bankruptcy Magic? Because the first question is going to always automatically be, "What's so magical about bankruptcy?" That'll tee her up for some fantastic interviews. My client in the middle there, last week, we took his book to number one, and uh he's still in like the top 10 in manufacturing. He's a business broker that sells manufacturing businesses. He originally came to me with this with the subtitle with how to unlock the true value of your manufacturing business before selling. It's number one common mistake by the way very utilitarian title. They're doing a you know direct response which isn't a bad thing. But what I'm saying when it comes why I'm action brand and I'm different. I have to uplevel that because I said Nick if I introduced you on my podcast do I want to say meet Nick Ferris. He's the author of How to Unlock the True Value of Your Manufacturing Business. Or do you want to be like make a real impact and say Americanmade Millions? He's the best-selling author of AmericanMade Millions. Look what else you could do with that brand. He now has a personal brand, not just a book with a title. He's now in the middle of creating his podcast. His p Look at the title. The guess what the podcast is named of course the Americanmade millions show with Nick Ferris. Everyone's going to want to be part of that if you you're in manufacturing. So watch out for him. So those are just a couple of examples. David Paratt fine home contracting. That's actually the name of his company. I asked about that first because I said, "Hey, if your brand's if your company's not called like Bert and Ernie and Associates, maybe it's good for the title of the book because if it is, like his was, Fine Home Contracting, that's a company name." Then when people Google it, they're not only going to see his company, but they're going to see, "Oh, he wrote a book, too." Cuz the Amazon title is going to pop up. That's just a little inside tip for you there. Little pro tip. So, now let's talk about creating your signature book because you really should create this first. And if you've already seen the illustrations there, it's the number one business building and brand building tool for any type of business and field. If you could explain what it is that you do, you can lead your field with the book. Reason it's so great, Google did a research study uh years back about the life cycle of a client. What is a psychology? What gets people to to buy and hire you? What makes people comfortable enough to give you money? And what they found was this. They call it their 7114. People have to spend an average of seven hours getting to know who you are to get to know and trust you over 11 touch points. Meaning maybe they maybe they read your blog, maybe they saw you speak somewhere, maybe they get your emails, 11 touch points across four different places. Meaning maybe they saw you in person at a conference speak. Maybe they saw your YouTube channel. Maybe they saw you getting interviewed on a podcast. You see four different places. 7 114. Now guess what? When somebody gets immersed in your book, how many hours does this knock out? This is a good 3, four hours with you, getting to get in your brain and getting to uh build a relationship. I call it uh artificially inseminating a relationship with you. They get to know you, uh like you and trust you. You've heard that expression. I prefer respect, value, and trust you because getting to like you is a byproduct of respect and value and trust. So here's your top five ethical yet unfair advantages as a published author because guess what? People, especially in America and around the world, we hold authors at high in high esteem. Advantage num number one, top dog status, because by all means, you just wrote the book on the subject, making you number one. Advantage number two, everyone already expects if they're working with the author, the person that wrote the book, that they're expecting higher fees. So, you could automatically raise your fees from 25% to 50% or more. It's also boosts higher demand. There are very few people at the top, and this is why I suggest you go there because there's less competition. You have how many people in your field that do what what it is that you do, but what percentage of them are an author on the subject? that's going to be less than 1% of of your field. So now you become a magnet to any TV shows, media appearances. Uh the news wants subject matter experts to comment on things that come up. Every year there's a cycle. Hey, people get married in the spring. Anybody that serves the wedding market can be an expert and show up in the news uh every every new year, okay? And around spring. Advantage number four, close more deals faster. Because now when people immerse themselves in your book, they're learning from you. You're sharing unselfishly. You're sharing openly. So now at the end when people are like, "What do you think I should do?" You're not selling them your product or service. Now you're prescribing a solution for people. Huge difference. It's like when you go to the doctor, they're not trying to sell you their their surgery or whatever it is. They're prescribing what you need to solve your problem. And you automatically accept that. Advantage five, ultimate scalability. What I love about books is it allows people, my favorite thing I talk to people every day that want to get started on their signature books and the number one favorite thing I hear is, "Mark, I read your book and I want to do this, this, and this, and this really helped guide me to this. When can we get started?" Literally, they are able to to gain my knowledge without me having to repeat or forget to share something. it it like sings the song at at fever pitch uh every time without me having to be there. Ultimate scalability is getting the book out, speaking on the book, getting it in the hands of as many people as you can and doing book signings. So now, how do you get the book done? Here's how to author a high impact book in 60 to 90 days in your voice without AI. Because what's important here is these are personalitydriven books. They can't they're not generic text books that just spit out facts. They share your personal stories. So you have to you have to share those. You don't have to write it. You can talk it with somebody, but don't use AI because it's not going to know your your story and how to share that. So key number one, magnetic book titles. I told you your book is your brand. Your book becomes your brand. Here's an example. This is an age-old example. Back in the 80s, Norah Hayen released Astrological Love and it was an incredible, incredible flop. It went nowhere because nobody knew what what astrological love was about. So what they did to fix this and it went on to become a best-selling book is they fixed the title. They now were more direct. Don't do a clever title title. Do a clear title. Same book, different title and it became a bestseller. How to satisfy a woman every time and have her beg for more. So you see what I'm saying? is more direct. Clarity over cleverness wins the day. So, the book idea and how to come up with that title, I shared it with you already. It's the DNA of your business that's going to help you come up with the big idea that'll inform your brand and what you want to be known for. And there's Jane as the example there again. But what is it that you want to be known for? I have a little title test for you. If you're thinking about a title, I call it the will it intro title test. It's a litmus test. Pretend you're being interviewed somewhere and then they're they're introducing you. Next up is the best-selling author of blank. Please welcome and put your name in there. Does it intro well? Does it tell the world what you're about? Does it give you a fascination? Does it make you smile when you hear it? If so, you might be on to a good title. If not, something you might want to work on. I prefer, as you saw in my examples, short one to threeword branding titles. something that you could be known for. Uh like like Jane McQuillin, she's the value journey lady. Uh like Eric Ebron, my author here. He's the highway to skyway leadership guy. By the way, he's came from aerospace and he trains leaders in aerospace and automotive. So I gave him the title highway to skyway leadership. That kind of covers it all right there. [snorts] And then you let the subtitle clearly express the value that they're going to get from reading the book. What are they going to take? Don't talk about you again or your processor or whatever it is. Talk about the transformation that they're going to get from reading your book again. The examples, bankruptcy magic, American Made Millions, Boots Suits and Startups. What do you think that's about? Building a business while in uniform. That would two or three weeks ago that one hit number one in military policy. Key number two to creating your book, I call this memorialize your magic, branding yourself in your system. I showed you my acronyms for for action. Um, and when I teach it, I have six steps that I teach and fortunately it worked with act now. Audience, channel, transaction, nurture, offer, wow. I teach the six steps with my acronym and it brands me. People in the world, this is how I'm going to be known. It's what do you want to be known for? Key number three, outlining your book. biggest mistake I ever see people make is they they they start writing a book with no direction and they end up throwing it away, crumbling up, starting over over and over and over, never getting the book done. You got to get your outline done first and stick to it. Now, there's a million different formulas and how to get a a book outline, but I'm going to share my most favorite way, three parts, because people can grasp things in threes much easier. kind of like before, during, after, and then take three chapters within each part to explain things. Like for example, in the fitness thing, diet, exercise, and lifestyle. For the diet section, it could be what to eat, when to eat, and recipes, exercise, strength, cardio, equipment, lifestyle, rest, work, travel. See that? So, can you see yourself doing this now? Because making it simple, and of course, that's my favorite formula and it makes terrific books. Key number four, talk your book. As I mentioned, record it. If you can talk for 30 minutes about the topic, you'll get about a 2500word chapter. And guess what? 10 of those, that's 25,000 words, and you're within a uh within 100 to 150 pages. Key number five, professionally publish it. Make sure your cover is on brand with the message you want to put out there, matching your style. And make sure, pro tip, make sure your inside is also designed well, so it's professionally designed and published. and which will separate you from the self-published world. Seven quick ways to use your book once you have it to build your brand. Put it in your signature line. Everyone in the world is going to see it every time you send an email. Just put get Mark's books on Amazon like I do. That's subtly letting people know you're an author. Use it on your website to collect leads. Get media attention. Send it to all your local medias at the time of year when before the time of year where you know that uh there's attention in your uh topic. [snorts] ultimate referral tool. Get your book out to your past and present clients and give them extras so they can share it with people. Get it to a Trojan horse. Get it to organizations that can have you in as a speaker. When you're promoting a book, you're you're less threatening to them. They don't think you're trying to sell them something. You're just wanting to spread the word and help people with your book. Get cooperation from referral partners. Here's a really cool, sneaky, ethical trick. If you can interview your referral partner in in your book and honor them with that, you think they'd be more likely to help you distribute your book and pass it out at their office, too. And number seven, create monthly events. If you're a financial adviser, I help a ton of them turn their dinner seminars into evening with the author. That simple change increases 45% or more the attendance of those events. When you do your author page, what you're going to see is it it really uh you become a Google darling. People Google your name, your author page becomes a knowledge panel. It'll show up higher than your own LinkedIn. And my favorite part about being an Amazon author, you get author copies and you pay the print price only. This is 130 page book, $263, so you don't have to buy your own books at retail. So my final thought for you is take the time to plan how you're going to get your customers and what you want to be known for. And then those customers will build your brand. So I know we covered a ton today. If you have questions, remember I've helped over 800 people launch their brands. And I'm offering you a free branding session. It could be for your brand or for your book. And oftentimes there's an interlap of both. So hit that QR code or go to booksgrowbusiness.com. My calendar links there. I'm offering a complimentary 20 minute uh branding brainstorming session with you where I'll learn about your work, answer any questions you might have about your brand and and then give you the feedback that you want or need uh to get you launched. Type in any questions that you might have because we're coming right up on the hour and I don't want to go over too much and and uh I know we promised you an hour. You're welcome to stay a little bit longer if you have any questions for me. I'm happy to stay to answer everyone's questions. Um, but let's see. But go ahead and type them into uh the chat. >> Yes. Thank you so much, Mark, for joining us today and taking the time to share your knowledge of us presentation. Um, again, if you guys don't have the time and you guys need to leave, um, you guys can do so, but if you guys have questions, you guys can go ahead and ask them. um I put in the chat box to access the recording as well as to reach your um local SBDC if you guys have any more questions. Uh once again, thank you Mark for providing us with great information during today's session. I would like to thank you all for to all of our attendees for taking part in today's session. We kindly ask that attendees complete a short survey that will autopop populate at the end of the meeting. Um, your feedback is essential in the process of planning future events and improving our training program overall. Um, I see that there's no questions. Um, >> I hope that means that I explained it well because we've got everybody that stuck around. So, I appreciate that. How did we do? Any comments are are welcome, too. Thanks, Elizabeth. Appreciate it. Yeah, let me know if you guys have any questions about your own brands. Hit that brainstorming session link because I'd love to work with you personally, one-on-one. No obligation. It's complimentary. It's just a way that I get to spread the word about my work and meet some great business owners at the same time. >> Yeah. Once again, thank you, Mark, for providing us with that great information. Um, and we hope to see you soon. I hope everyone has a good day. We're going to go ahead and end the session today. >> Thanks so much, everybody. >> Thank you. You have a good one. Bye-bye.

- Fastest Way to Fix Your Facebook Ads Learning Phase (Copy this): Kind: captions Language: en you launched a Facebook ad and now your budget&nbsp; is disappearing faster than your morning coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; Before you panic and start tweaking everything&nbsp; stop You could be making your ads worse by not&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding this one thing Facebook's learning&nbsp; phase This is a critical period where Facebook's&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithm gathers data to optimize ad delivery And&nbsp; if you don't understand how this works you could&nbsp;&nbsp; be wasting money by making the wrong changes&nbsp; too soon By the end of this video you'll know&nbsp;&nbsp; how to speed up the learning phase avoid the&nbsp; biggest mistakes and get your ads performing&nbsp;&nbsp; faster But the number one mistake resetting your&nbsp; ads performance without even realizing it This&nbsp;&nbsp; will waste your money and keep you stuck So stop&nbsp; doing it I'm going to show you how to fix this in&nbsp;&nbsp; just a sec Let's get into it What is the Facebook&nbsp; ads learning phase if you've ever launched an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; and thought "Why are my results consistent?" or&nbsp; "Should I change something?" Don't do that This&nbsp;&nbsp; might be because your ad is still in the learning&nbsp; phase If you don't let Facebook finish learning&nbsp;&nbsp; your ad will never reach the right people and&nbsp; you'll just keep wasting money Think of it like&nbsp;&nbsp; a trial period The algorithm is fine-tuning how&nbsp; your ad performs before optimizing it for success&nbsp;&nbsp; We'll talk about what it's doing in just a minute&nbsp; but you need to remember your ad is not failing&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is learning how to make it perform better&nbsp; But here's the deal The way that you set up your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads matters just as much as the learning phase&nbsp; If your target your budget or your structure is&nbsp;&nbsp; wrong from the start no amount of optimization&nbsp; will fix it So if you don't want to waste money&nbsp;&nbsp; on bad ads then you need to download the&nbsp; Marketer's Guide to Meta This is a free&nbsp;&nbsp; resource that I've linked below that walks you&nbsp; through setting up profitable ads from the start&nbsp;&nbsp; Trust me you don't want to launch another&nbsp; ad without reading it first So you can grab&nbsp;&nbsp; it below for free Now let's talk about what&nbsp; the learning phase is actually doing for your ads Most people panic when their ads don't&nbsp; convert right away But here's the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is testing everything at once Who should&nbsp; see your ad where it performs the best how people&nbsp;&nbsp; engage if it sees that your ad performs best on&nbsp; Instagram stories it will show it there more often&nbsp;&nbsp; If one audience clicks more than the other it&nbsp; will prioritize them This is why you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; give it more time It's learning the best way&nbsp; to get you results Now if your ads feel stuck&nbsp;&nbsp; in the learning phase it's probably because&nbsp; of one of these four reasons First you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; getting enough conversions You need at least&nbsp; 50 conversion events per ad set in 7 days for&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook to optimize properly So if you're not&nbsp; hitting 50 try optimizing for a higher funnel&nbsp;&nbsp; action like add to cart or link clicks instead&nbsp; of purchases Second your audience is too small&nbsp;&nbsp; If your audience is too niche Facebook doesn't&nbsp; have enough data to work with Widen your audience&nbsp;&nbsp; slightly Test lookalike audiences or broaden&nbsp; your targeting to give Facebook more room to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn Third your budget is too low A tiny budget&nbsp; means you're not getting conversions fast enough&nbsp;&nbsp; Set your daily budget to at least five times your&nbsp; average conversion cost so Facebook can exit the&nbsp;&nbsp; learning phase faster Fourth and guys this is the&nbsp; biggest mistake I've seen making too many changes&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time you tweak your ad changing budget&nbsp; audience or creative the learning phase resets&nbsp;&nbsp; If you must edit duplicate the ad set instead of&nbsp; modifying the active one This keeps your original&nbsp;&nbsp; data intact Once your ad exits the learning&nbsp; phase you need to make sure you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; budget the right [Music] way Don't double your&nbsp; budget overnight This forces Facebook to relearn&nbsp;&nbsp; everything from scratch Instead increase by 20&nbsp; to 30% every 3 to 5 days to maintain performance&nbsp;&nbsp; while scaling smoothly If you're looking&nbsp; for advanced scaling strategies chapter 5&nbsp;&nbsp; of the marketer's guide to meta walks you through&nbsp; measuring performance and adjusting your strategy&nbsp;&nbsp; for long-term growth I've linked it below so you&nbsp; can go grab it right now But what if you've done&nbsp;&nbsp; all this and your ad is still stuck the number&nbsp; one mistake is something that people do every&nbsp;&nbsp; single day without thinking twice Let's break&nbsp; it down Here are the top three learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes that could be costing you money First&nbsp; thinking the learning phase means that an ad&nbsp;&nbsp; is failing Have you ever seen an ad underperform&nbsp; and thought "This isn't working Let me just turn&nbsp;&nbsp; it off." Don't Facebook needs time to optimize Let&nbsp; the ads run for at least 7 days before making any&nbsp;&nbsp; major changes Second is making too many changes&nbsp; too soon Frequent edits restart the learning phase&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead analyze data after a full week before&nbsp; making adjustments Third is setting budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; too low for conversions If your daily budget is&nbsp; too small you won't get enough conversions to&nbsp;&nbsp; exit the learning phase A good rule of thumb is&nbsp; to set your budget to at least five times your&nbsp;&nbsp; average conversion cost All right quick recap&nbsp; The learning phase helps Facebook optimize your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads for better performance To exit faster get 50&nbsp; conversion events avoid frequent edits and scale&nbsp;&nbsp; budgets slowly Remember don't panic Ads in the&nbsp; learning phase aren't failing they're optimizing&nbsp;&nbsp; Here's what to do right now Open your Facebook&nbsp; ads manager Are your ads stuck in the learning&nbsp;&nbsp; phase if so drop a comment saying stuck and&nbsp; I will reply with a tip to help you get out&nbsp;&nbsp; faster So apply these strategies this week before&nbsp; you waste another dollar Now before you go don't&nbsp;&nbsp; forget to download the marketer's guide to meta&nbsp; It is completely free and will help you scale your&nbsp;&nbsp; ads without wasting money on trial and error Want&nbsp; to take this even further imagine being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; see what ads your competitors are running right&nbsp; now without guessing What if you could analyze&nbsp;&nbsp; their top performing ads and apply these insights&nbsp; to your business that's exactly what I'll show&nbsp;&nbsp; you in my Facebook ads library video It's linked&nbsp; at the end of this video And trust me this will&nbsp;&nbsp; save you time and money If this video helped you&nbsp; out I would love it if you could give it a thumbs&nbsp;&nbsp; up and make sure to subscribe to this channel&nbsp; for more digital marketing strategies every&nbsp;&nbsp; single week My name is Bridget Oor It has been an&nbsp; absolute pleasure and I will see you next time Bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @majomster [13 likes]: I've never ever seen the "learning phase" only "active" from the first minute when i put an ads out 🤔
  2. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Its been months with zero sales !! What learning its not learning at all
  3. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Download the Marketer's Guide to Meta for setting up profitable ads from the start. Get it here: 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/z74t
  4. @ProfessionalFitnessEducation [1 likes]: My ads are stuck in limbo, I am not spending money, and Meta appears to not be displaying them even though they are set correctly, I believe. After 1 month, only 2 dollars spent. Terribly frustrating.
  5. @mkabeer_: stuck
  6. @DavidK6633: STUCK
  7. @misripatel-y8i: Stuck
  8. @tacticalmovingco: Meta let me see my lead center , why?
  9. @k0b3r: This is by far The Most Poitnless PDF ever!
Can I have my time back that I wasted on reading it?
  10. @carolyngallagher8630: stuck
  11. @DrewGallagherMusic: When to switch from a higher funnel event to a lower funnel event? Will I still get purchases if I'm optimizing for link clicks, view content, or add to cart?
  12. @ruchirawijesundara1354: stuck
  13. @Worldpov2020: Finally someone teaching "how" and not just "why-theory". Thank you.
  14. @EliasESW: Very repetitive
  15. @abdulhusainaj1135: Stuck
  16. @SteveAdams-g6r: What if Meta continues to learn bad leads over and over but marketing agency continues to push still learning even 30 days later or more. For example, non homeowners as leads for home service based business.
  17. @bilalomar7446: i never seen learning phase in my facebook ads manager , when i start a new campaign , it goes directly to active mode . so i don't know if my campaign in learning phase or not . why that is happen ?

can you help me with this problem
  18. @abuzarqureshi6597: Does making a sales campaign on website view content optimisation in US market for learning phase is better then directly launching a purchase campaign for new pixel ?
Does meta gets enough data with view content in start and then gives better results in atc and then initiative checkout and then purchase?
  19. @GourouID: How long for it to start running when showing active
  20. @AlbertdeKlerk-z1j: Google Ads is een lastig onderwerp, maar jullie maken het veel begrijpelijker.

- 💡 metalearning | a framework on learning how to learn: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿It seems like it's no longer enough to just&nbsp; do our jobs; we have to upskill, reskill,&nbsp;&nbsp; and stay ahead of the curve. But who has time for&nbsp; that, right? And that's where metalearning comes&nbsp;&nbsp; in. This was mentioned in the book "Ultralearning"&nbsp; by Scott Young, where he took what typically takes&nbsp;&nbsp; four years to go through the computer science&nbsp; curriculum at MIT and completed it in one year. He&nbsp;&nbsp; took three months to learn Spanish, Portuguese,&nbsp; and Korean, which took him a month to learn how&nbsp;&nbsp; to speak at a conversational level. Taking what seems like lightning speed to&nbsp;&nbsp; go through things that people take three&nbsp; years, five years, or a lifetime to learn,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's he doing differently? One of the key&nbsp; differentiators is metalearning. Metalearning is&nbsp;&nbsp; different from traditional learning, right? We&nbsp; take out that textbook with all the exercises—it's&nbsp;&nbsp; really inefficient and usually very demotivating,&nbsp; even if we're curious. It's really hard to sit&nbsp;&nbsp; through a boring textbook. But metalearning&nbsp; is self-directed. It's about learning smart,&nbsp;&nbsp; so not taking what other people tell you&nbsp; to learn but finding what you want to&nbsp;&nbsp; know directionally and getting the right&nbsp; resources to be able to achieve what you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to do. The secret in metalearning, as the&nbsp; name suggests, is learning how to learn. &nbsp; As we see with artificial intelligence and&nbsp; machine learning, metalearning is a key to&nbsp;&nbsp; replicating that human intelligence. Think&nbsp; about it this way: there's deep learning,&nbsp;&nbsp; which requires large data sets for the machine&nbsp; to learn what the patterns are. But in real life,&nbsp;&nbsp; there are so many times when there isn't a big&nbsp; data set, so what do you do then? Well, you can&nbsp;&nbsp; leverage existing data sets that you've already&nbsp; learned from. But instead of learning the content,&nbsp;&nbsp; you learn about how you learned this process and&nbsp; apply it to something that's structurally similar,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the content is different. In other words,&nbsp; we are extracting frameworks from our previous&nbsp;&nbsp; learnings and applying them to something&nbsp; new. This is, of course, directly linked&nbsp;&nbsp; to framework thinking, something I mentioned in&nbsp; this video and is a part of this channel. And if we think about it, we spend so much&nbsp; time learning in our lifetime, so why not&nbsp;&nbsp; leverage the things we've learned and extract the&nbsp; frameworks from them so we can more efficiently&nbsp;&nbsp; learn going forward? In Scott Young's framework,&nbsp; we spend 10% of our time focusing on metalearning,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially the why, the what, and the how of&nbsp; better learning. So let's get into them: **The "Why" of Metalearning** Why do we want to learn this? At the&nbsp;&nbsp; highest level, there are two reasons. The&nbsp; first one is something very practical, or&nbsp;&nbsp; what Young calls instrumental. So, I want to learn&nbsp; quantum physics because I want to be a theoretical&nbsp;&nbsp; physicist. That's something very practical with&nbsp; a very clear goal. But not all of our curiosities&nbsp;&nbsp; are so practical. Sometimes there's just a pure&nbsp; desire to learn something new, and Young calls&nbsp;&nbsp; this intrinsic. Say I'm interested in quantum&nbsp; physics not because I want to be a physicist,&nbsp;&nbsp; but because I think physics is just another form&nbsp; of philosophy, and I'm curious about what quantum&nbsp;&nbsp; physics thinks about, let's say, time.&nbsp; The outcome here will be very different,&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is why we want to know why we want to&nbsp; learn. Too often, we actually create very strange&nbsp;&nbsp; expectations for ourselves because we don't think&nbsp; about why we're learning in the first place. Let me throw in another example, a classic&nbsp; Asian one. A lot of parents put their kids&nbsp;&nbsp; through piano lessons, and they go through the&nbsp; curriculum of the practical grade piano exam. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a lot of focus on classical music, and there&nbsp; are certain pieces you have to play for different&nbsp;&nbsp; grades. But the goal for their children is not&nbsp; to become a professional or a piano teacher;&nbsp;&nbsp; it's to learn about the joy of music, to get a&nbsp; practical skill out of a musical instrument. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't necessarily have to start with the&nbsp; graded exam curriculum if that was your goal. **The "What" of Metalearning** Since we're not starting with a textbook&nbsp;&nbsp; and going to chapter one, what do we do to learn?&nbsp; Here, you want to define what you want to achieve&nbsp;&nbsp; and ask yourself three questions: 1) What&nbsp; concepts do I need to understand? 2) What&nbsp;&nbsp; facts do I have to memorize? 3) What procedures&nbsp; do I have to practice? And as you can imagine,&nbsp;&nbsp; for the theoretical physicist versus the curious&nbsp; philosopher, the things you need to do here are&nbsp;&nbsp; very, very different. And that's how you&nbsp; can focus on the things that truly matter,&nbsp;&nbsp; same with the professional musician versus&nbsp; just the joyous curious amateur. The things&nbsp;&nbsp; you have to understand, the things that you&nbsp; have to memorize, and the things you have to&nbsp;&nbsp; practice are very different. Now, of course, the key thing is&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand well what concepts I&nbsp; really need to know, what facts I need to memorize, and how I know what I need&nbsp; to practice. We're learning something new,&nbsp;&nbsp; so how do I even know these things? This is&nbsp; where frameworks come in. They are the shortcuts,&nbsp;&nbsp; the cheats that will help you develop your memory.&nbsp; Let me give you an example. It's a traditional&nbsp;&nbsp; word; it's like learning how to count from one&nbsp; to ten. And metalearning is about taking what&nbsp;&nbsp; you know about one to ten, extrapolating it to&nbsp; getting to 100, getting to a thousand, getting to&nbsp;&nbsp; a million. So how do you do that with frameworks?&nbsp; It's the difference between memorizing number one&nbsp;&nbsp; to ten versus understanding the concepts,&nbsp; the frameworks of, okay, there is addition.&nbsp;&nbsp; So when you add different numbers together,&nbsp; the numbers change. There is the framework of&nbsp;&nbsp; order: how do you order the numbers from small to&nbsp; big? And based on these concepts, how do you add&nbsp;&nbsp; more concepts, right? Like multiplication: how&nbsp; do you get from one to ten to a hundred? And I&nbsp;&nbsp; really like the analogy of the knowledge tree. I&nbsp; think Elon Musk is one who also refers to this,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is that you want to be able to come back&nbsp; to the trunk of the knowledge, come back to the&nbsp;&nbsp; first principles, something I talked about in&nbsp; this video as well. And once you know that,&nbsp;&nbsp; you just need to add on, or you know, as Charlie&nbsp; Munger says, create that lattice work of mental&nbsp;&nbsp; models and hang your knowledge onto it. So, where do you find these frameworks,&nbsp;&nbsp; these models? Well, that leads us&nbsp; to the "How" of Metalearning. **The "How" of Metalearning** Scott Young outlined two steps. The&nbsp;&nbsp; first one is benchmarking, figuring out the most&nbsp; common path to get to the outcome that you want.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to become a theoretical physicist,&nbsp; you have to get a degree, right? And there are&nbsp;&nbsp; courses that you must take. So, all you have to do&nbsp; is look at the curriculum at a university of your&nbsp;&nbsp; choice and figure out what the path is. If you are&nbsp; that curious philosopher who wants to understand&nbsp;&nbsp; what time means, well, then do some Google&nbsp; searching, maybe look at some YouTube videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe look at some online courses, maybe look at&nbsp; some books to see how people get from nowhere to&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding the concepts of time. Unlike&nbsp; traditional learning, it's not as clear-cut,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the good thing is it's about exploration. It's&nbsp; about building your own way to an outcome that you&nbsp;&nbsp; want. It's like going on a treasure hunt, right?&nbsp; You know it's somewhere; how do you get there?&nbsp;&nbsp; And so you piece together different resources and&nbsp; start to go through them because, remember, we're&nbsp;&nbsp; spending 10% of our time just to figure this out.&nbsp; It's not handed to us, and that's a good thing. We&nbsp;&nbsp; have time to piece this together; we have time&nbsp; to experiment, which leads us to step number&nbsp;&nbsp; two that Young mentioned, which is to emphasize&nbsp; or exclude. Because you know your outcome best,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you go through the resources within that&nbsp; 10% of time, you'll see some are really giving&nbsp;&nbsp; you what you want, in which case you want to&nbsp; emphasize that resource, right? You want to see&nbsp;&nbsp; where it leads, what is it mentioning, what books,&nbsp; other resources, other people they're mentioning,&nbsp;&nbsp; and figure those out. Whereas there will be&nbsp; other resources that may not be as relevant&nbsp;&nbsp; as you thought they were. They may be teaching in&nbsp; a way that you find it very difficult to absorb.&nbsp;&nbsp; Then it's okay to exclude them, to de-prioritize.&nbsp; Coming back to the idea of the knowledge tree,&nbsp;&nbsp; right, we want to get to the trunk. And once&nbsp; we have that foundational understanding,&nbsp;&nbsp; how we branch out is up to us. It's okay to not&nbsp; know everything. Unlike with traditional learning,&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to self-direct where we want to go,&nbsp; and it doesn't mean we will never circle back;&nbsp;&nbsp; we're just following the path we&nbsp; are deciding for ourselves. I'm sure you're realizing, as well as we go&nbsp; through this, that the most powerful thing&nbsp;&nbsp; about metalearning is this self-directed&nbsp; thinking, thinking for yourself. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; different from traditional learning; it's really&nbsp; about that learn, unlearn, and relearn process.&nbsp;&nbsp; And with that in mind, check out this framework&nbsp; thinking video here to learn more about how to add&nbsp;&nbsp; more frameworks to your cognitive toolbox,&nbsp; and I'll see you in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KaruMedve [32 likes]: Scott took 3 months to learn SOME Spanish, SOME Korean, and SOME Portuguese.  He has said that he is conversational, but fluent is a different story, and it also depends on your definition of fluency. I sometimes feel that this sort of messages cause more harm than good. Someone sees this and they read the book and they think they can learn fluent Spanish in three months. Then, three months go by and they realise that they did not achieve what the video/book told them they could achieve. As a result, they end up blaming themselves, and thinking they are no good because they failed at doing what someone else is claiming to have done, and in many cases quitting afterwards or falling into a bit of depression. However, they fail to see the progress they made, and that they have actually moved forward in their learning journey. The main thing is too keep learning, and if it takes you a bit longer than others, don't worry about it, enjoy the journey!
  2. @iliasalud [11 likes]: Part: 00:00
Q1: What is metalearning? 
A1: Metalearning is a framework for learning how to learn, which involves self-directed learning and finding the right resources to achieve one's learning goals efficiently.

Example: Metalearning involves identifying the most effective way to learn a new skill or subject, such as identifying the best resources and techniques to use, rather than relying on traditional textbook-based learning.

Q2: How is metalearning different from traditional learning methods? 
A2: Metalearning is different from traditional learning methods as it involves self-directed learning and finding the most effective resources to achieve one's learning goals efficiently, rather than relying on textbooks and exercises.

Example: Traditional learning methods involve using textbooks and exercises to learn new skills or subjects, whereas metalearning involves finding the most effective way to learn, such as by using online resources, mentors, or other learning techniques.

Q3: What is the key to successful metalearning? 
A3: The key to successful metalearning is to learn how to learn and extract frameworks from previous learning experiences to apply them to new subjects or skills.

Example: Successful metalearning involves learning from previous learning experiences to identify effective frameworks and techniques that can be applied to new learning experiences, rather than starting from scratch each time.

Q4: Why is it important to understand the "why" of learning when it comes to metalearning? 
A4: Understanding the "why" of learning is important in metalearning as it helps identify the practical or intrinsic reasons for learning a new skill or subject, which can guide the learning process and help manage expectations.

Example: Understanding the "why" of learning can help someone identify their true motivations for learning a new skill, such as wanting to become a professional or simply wanting to satisfy their curiosity, which can help guide their learning process and help them set realistic goals.

Q5: How can metalearning be applied to different learning scenarios? 
A5: Metalearning can be applied to different learning scenarios by identifying effective learning frameworks and techniques from previous experiences and applying them to new subjects or skills.

Example: Metalearning can be applied to learning a new language by identifying effective techniques and resources, such as using flashcards, watching videos, or practicing with a native speaker, and applying them to new languages to learn them more efficiently.

Part: 03:18
Q1: What is meta learning? A1: Meta learning is the process of learning how to learn. It involves understanding the concepts, facts, and procedures needed to achieve a specific outcome and finding the most effective ways to learn them.

Example: Meta learning is like learning how to fish instead of just being given a fish. It teaches you the skills and knowledge you need to catch fish on your own, which can be applied to different types of fish and fishing scenarios.

Q2: Why is it important to define what you want to achieve in meta learning? A2: Defining what you want to achieve in meta learning helps you focus on the things that truly matter. It allows you to determine the concepts you need to understand, the facts you need to memorize, and the procedures you need to practice to achieve your desired outcome.

Example: If you want to learn how to play the guitar, defining your goal can help you determine the chords and scales you need to understand, the songs you need to memorize, and the practice routines you need to follow.

Q3: How can frameworks help in meta learning? A3: Frameworks provide shortcuts and mental models that can help you develop your memory and understanding of a subject. They allow you to go beyond simply memorizing facts and help you understand the underlying concepts and principles.

Example: A framework for learning mathematics might include understanding the concepts of addition and multiplication, and how they relate to each other. This can help you solve more complex math problems by building on these fundamental concepts.

Q4: What is benchmarking in meta learning? A4: Benchmarking involves figuring out the most common path to achieve a desired outcome. It allows you to identify the steps and resources needed to achieve your goal and can be used to guide your learning process.

Example: If you want to become a doctor, benchmarking might involve researching the education and training requirements, such as completing a medical degree and residency program.

Q5: How can exploration and experimentation help in meta learning? A5: Exploration and experimentation allow you to piece together different resources and find the most effective ways to learn a subject. It allows you to try different methods and techniques and find what works best for you.

Example: If you want to learn a new language, exploration and experimentation might involve trying different language learning apps, attending language classes, and speaking with native speakers to find the most effective ways to learn and practice the language.

Part: 06:46
Q1: What is the concept of meta learning? A1: Meta learning is the process of learning how to learn, including identifying the best resources, prioritizing and excluding resources, and self-directing learning paths.

Q2: What is the benefit of emphasizing certain resources in meta learning? A2: By emphasizing certain resources in meta learning, individuals can identify the most relevant and useful resources to help them learn more efficiently and effectively.

Q3: When is it okay to exclude certain resources in meta learning? A3: It is okay to exclude certain resources in meta learning when they are not as relevant or helpful as anticipated or if they are difficult to absorb.

Q4: How is meta learning different from traditional learning? A4: Meta learning emphasizes self-directed thinking and the ability to learn, unlearn, and relearn, rather than following a predetermined learning path.

Q5: What is the purpose of the framework thinking video mentioned in the transcript? A5: The framework thinking video provides a framework for adding more tools and resources to an individual's cognitive toolbox, helping them to become better at meta learning.
  3. @AIReflection-l9p [9 likes]: - Explore meta learning to accelerate skills acquisition (Starts at 0:00)

- Differentiate meta learning from traditional studying for efficiency (Starts at 0:34)

- Focus on learning how to learn to adapt to new challenges (Starts at 1:00)

- Understand the motives behind learning: instrumental or intrinsic (Starts at 2:06)

- Define what you aim to achieve with specific learning outcomes (Starts at 3:35)

- Identify key concepts, facts, and procedures to practice for your goal (Starts at 3:41)

- Employ frameworks to structure knowledge and accelerate learning (Starts at 4:33)

- Benchmark against common paths to desired outcomes for guidance (Starts at 5:43)

- Emphasize useful resources and exclude less relevant ones (Starts at 6:46)

- Direct your learning journey based on personal interests and goals (Starts at 7:35)
  4. @pipshaswiwiwi [2 likes]: ew elon musk reference
  5. @navidaslankhani2337 [1 likes]: I thought this was about Machine learning -_-
  6. @RogerFordSuperRog [1 likes]: I'm learning so much from your videos! Thanks!
  7. @danaililiev1404 [1 likes]: Please invest in better audio
  8. @tillfilms [1 likes]: Vicky, you rock! Good stuff.
  9. @MONZERALRASS: Ok , great video , simple direct instructions and very well put together . i hit  that subscribe button so fast because this i want to better myself through this channel.
  10. @IgnacioChavez: good content, but audio is really bad
  11. @timbuktu8069: Better than Scot Youngs book.
  12. @jesussanchezherrero5659: In terms of motivation, what so often draws us to observe trees is how beautiful their leaves are, and not the robustness of its trunk lol
  13. @rulaalghusin1446: if anyone here  speaks english well and wants to learn or to get some knowledge about arabic make a comment on this ❤
  14. @athoktvchannel3524: Great!
  15. @fullreseach7430: 🎉
  16. @mali8389: but how to learn metalearning the most efficient way?
  17. @ShaneFontane: love your videos but I would love them more if you would consider any kind of USB microphone 🙏
  18. @Seeker108-AUM: Great video. Low voice quality
  19. @abdumhaa: Buy a good mic, great video
  20. @indieconquers: Found you from your old videos but all the videos in the last 2-3 months have audio issues (robotic, in and out of the left and right ears.) Unfortunate I'm missing out on this content bc of the audio driving me nuts.

- Meta Ads Par Daily Sales Ni Ati - Learning Phase New Update - How to run facebook ads: Kind: captions Language: en Many Facebook advertisers in Pakistan are confused about what is Learning Face? When do our campaigns go into the learning phase? Does your campaign go through a learning phase every time you run a campaign and how do you exit from it ? What is Learning Limited? And how do we manage the learning phase and bring in good sales? Want to manage cost per purchase or cost per alt? These are all the confusions that confuse and scare beginner advertisers and even business owners who are managing good businesses. But when the learning phase is coming in the campaign, then they say, friend, stop it or it goes into the learning phase. Ok? So how do we manage this ? What exactly happens? What is the criteria for Facebook and Pay? We are going to discuss all these things in this video. You have to watch the video completely because many people had raised questions on this topic and this topic was pending for a long time. So today I thought of covering it because now it plays the biggest role in your overall performance and now everything has shifted to AI. So we will have to understand this further in depth. Otherwise it will drain out our budget. Assalamu Alaikum viewers. I am Salim Joke. I welcome all my viewers to Digital Hacker YouTube channel. What is learning phase and why does our campaign go into learning phase ? See, Learning Face is such a system of Facebook that as soon as you create a new campaign or a new adset, its status comes as Learning Face from abroad. Now what is the reason for this? The reason is that Facebook does not yet know which audience the service or product on which you are running the campaign suits the most. Ok? Or Facebook doesn't know what kind of audience is suitable for your specific service or product. Ok? So what Facebook did for this is that it put every new campaign on a learning phase for seven days. If our specific campaign or ad brings 50 events in a day. 50 events means that whatever you have set as your goal, for example, is a purchase, a lead. So if you get 50 events within seven days, then you exit the learning phase and your overall performance and metrics start becoming stable. Now what a lot of businesses or e-commerce brands do is they get scared very quickly by the campaign stats they see. CPM is going very high. CTR is going very well. But our cost purchase is going very high. So all these things will change a little during the learning phase because it is looking for new audiences. Ok? So in such a situation you may get a little bad stats. But you have to keep this campaign active with patience and keep it running at least till your events are completed. If you feel that you have to make some changes in it then you should not make any changes. Major changes also reset the learning face of your campaign. For example, today you ran a campaign. Ok? Now after three days you thought that friend, I have kept the budget too high. I should reduce it. Or if you have kept less, you should increase it. Or you make some changes in the audience or you replace any ad creative which was a video or an image or you change your optimization event for example purchase, add to cart, anything, then these are the four important major changes due to which your learning face can be reset. For example, if you change any of these things on the third day, then your learning phase will start again from there. So, similarly, many e-commerce brand owners or even new beginner marketers do not have a proper idea about it and they think that this learning phase of ours is not getting resolved. Now learning will be limited after 7 days. If your events are not completed. Ok? If you do not complete 50 events, you get the option of learning limited. So after that you people again get worried that it has been seven days but this learning phase of mine has not gone away. So when you hover your cursor over the learning face, it will show that you had made changes again on this day, after this you have so many changes and so many events due to which your learning face can exit. Ok? If this does not happen then your learning fuzz will remain lying there like this. When the tasks are completed and your events are still not completed, then your learning will go into limited. So your metrics will be completely messed up here. Your campaign will not perform properly. Then you will become very upset. Now I told you when does learning become limited ? What is Learning Limited ? What is the target of Learning Limited ? And what are those major changes that you should not make? If you do, your learning face will reset. When we narrow our audience or use too much interest or overload it, then this becomes our learning face sentence. So we have to avoid all these things. Now I will tell you three hidden reasons due to which your campaign does not pass the learning phase. Number one low conversion volume. What happens in this is that your campaign or adset needs 50 events within a week. Purchases or leads. If your specific adset is not getting specific conversions then that means that your campaign or adset is not able to learn properly. So what do you do ? You have to follow two things. Number one is that you kept a good budget in the beginning. The second thing is that your upper funnel event is where normally most of the times we e-commerce brands optimize on behalf of purchase. So what should you do? Don't do it on purchase. Because if there is a purchase then your event will be counted. So, the event counting should either be placed on the landing page view or above the add to card. Because sometimes there are more adds to cards and less purchases. So, if you place the ad to the card or the landing page view, then since it will count as events, it will come out faster from your learning fuzz. And just like that, these two steps will quickly get you out of the learning fuzz. The second reason why your learning fuzz doesn't exit is making frequent changes. The four things that I told you earlier, you should not change the budget , you should not change the audience, you should not change the creative. And another important thing is that we also organize our events with these three. So if we do not change these events then our learning face will not reset and it will quickly get out within those specific days. Its simple principle is that you do not have to make any changes for seven days. Ok? Ok? At least you don't have to make any major changes for five to seven days. You can make minor changes. But you cannot change the four things that I have told you. The third factor due to which your learning face does not exit is small audience or you over target it. You use so many interests or you target a small audience that it means that the meta doesn't get that much data. Ok? So Matt Meta has a problem again. So what is session? What should be the audience size so that you feel that if you try, this work of ours can be easily handled. So you can go from 500 to 2 million or even 3 million. During this time, you can keep your audience cap and after keeping your audience, you can easily exit the learning phase. And after that it is better to keep broad targeting. Ok ? What happens in broad targeting is that you keep the main things. Ok? And you should keep the audience broad. So these are the three factors due to which your learning face can be a sentence and I have also told you the solutions. Just don't get confused. With patience and determination, you have to continue this period of seven days on the basis of those solutions. You have to keep it active, which I have just told you. Now if you guys want me to give you a campaign structure that also has your handle on learning fuzz. You can also scale easily. So you have to write down the learning face blueprint. Ok? I will give you the campaign structure and on the basis of this campaign structure you can also manage the learning phase and scaling, the biggest problem in scaling in the next video that I will make is that sales come in the first week but when in the second week you start teaching budget or do creative sales, the same creative which was performing well or the same cabinet which was performing very well in the first week becomes dead. What are the reasons? I will explain about scaling in the next video. But in the comment you have written Learning Face Blueprint, I will give you such a blueprint that will help you a lot in handling the learning face in the first seven days and then scaling it. Ok? If you haven't subscribed yet, please subscribe to this channel. Please like the video. See you in the next video. Take great care of yourself. Allah Hafiz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Khanbro-v5w [1 likes]: Sir aap ka content bohat power full hai
  2. @BashirKhalozi: Learning phase BP

- Facebook Ads in 2026: NEW Secrets, Tips & Strategies: Kind: captions Language: en Meta ads have changed again. What worked 12 months ago is already becoming outdated. And if you're still relying on old strategies, you're leaving a lot of money on the table. In this video, I'm going to break down a number of Meta ad strategies and techniques that are working really well right now, including what's changed, what's quietly dominating behind the scenes, and how you can use it to scale profitably. Strategy number one is to use value rules. I'm a big fan of value rules because they allow you to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting. With value rules, you can influence who Meta puts your ads in front of without having to overly restrict them through hard targeting constraints. So, you can have the best of both worlds. You can have open targeting and the full flexibility that Meta wants to be able to work out exactly who to put your ads in front of, but give it direction towards your most valuable prospects or customers. Let me quickly show you what this looks like. So, I'm here inside an example Meta ad account and get to the value rule section. I come over here and click on advertising settings, then select value rules, and then go ahead and click on create a rule set. Then I need to select my criteria. Many different options here, conversion location, age, gender, etc., etc. Let's say I go with age. I may have analyzed my customer data and worked out that people over 35 are more valuable to my business. Perhaps they are more likely to convert from lead to eventual client. Perhaps they are more likely to stick on my subscription service for longer. Perhaps they are more likely to buy again from my e-commerce store. Different use cases for different businesses. So, let's say I've identified the demo valuable to my business, select all the age ranges above 35, and then I select by how much I want to increase my bid. Let's say I've worked out those people are 30% more valuable than others. I can go ahead and add in 30 in here, give the rule a name, go ahead and click next, give the rule set a name, 35 plus, click create. I can now add that into my campaigns, add that into my ad set, and Meta will continue to advertise to people that are both over 35 and under 35, but it is going to favor the people that are over 35, be willing to pay more in the auction to reach those people because we've told Meta they're more valuable to my business. So like I said at the beginning, a great way to have the best of both worlds when it comes to targeting, you don't need to have this trade-off between hard constraints but small audience versus open targeting, you can go with this option instead. Strategy number two is to define your audience segments. So Meta breaks down the audience that you're reaching into three different segments. You've got new audience, you've got engaged audience, and you've got existing customers. So it's really important to take a few minutes, it doesn't take very long at all, and get for example your customer list uploaded to your Meta ad account and then define in advertising settings that audience being existing customers. You want to do the same with your engaged audience, which is going to be people that are warm, they've interacted with your business before, but they haven't actually bought. So this could be website visitors, people on your email list but not your customer list, people who've engaged with you across the Meta apps. You can very quickly and easily do this in advertising settings. If we jump back to advertising settings, we've got here in this example ad account these already defined. We've got engaged audience for example, which we defined as our all website visitors 180, and we've got existing customers, we've got an example customer list uploaded. I've separate videos going into more details about how to do that, how to set it up, but really valuable to do because it allows Meta to better allocate budget across cold, warm, and hot audience, which is what these three categories are. You are also able to see in breakdown data when you're looking at your results at your campaign, ad set, or even ad level the split of spend but also where your results are coming from. How many of our purchases are coming from existing customers versus from new audience? What's the cost per purchase look like across those audience? You can do the same with with cost per lead. Takes a few minutes, well worth doing. Number three is to produce way more ad creative. We now aim for 20 different ad creatives per ad set. We used to be limited to six, that's what Meta used to recommend, but post Andromeda things have really changed. Meta is now prioritizing creative diversity. They want lots of different ad creative in the same ad set because it allows them to do a few different things. Firstly, it allows them to personalize ad delivery. So, they're not going to put the same ads in front of everyone. They're not going to work out from your six ads previously, "This is the best performer. Let's put that in front of everyone." Instead, they're going to work out, "This person's probably going to be more interested in this ad, but this person's probably going to be more interested in this ad." Meta obviously has the data to be able to make those calculations, and that's what the Andromeda update is going to help with. So, the more diversity you have amongst your ad creative, so different formats, different styles, different looks, the more you're going to be able to benefit from that. Also, it really helps with ad fatigue. The more creative diversity you have and the more different ads you have in an ad set, the longer it will take for them to fatigue. If someone sees the same ad seven or eight times, even in a two- or three-day period, they might get pretty bored of it. I've seen that. Yeah, get it. Whatever. But, if you've got lots of different ads and Meta is showing one ad in the morning, a different ad in the afternoon, different ad the next morning, etc. to that that one individual, it's going to take much longer before they become bored of it. You get past the I've seen this before, therefore I can scroll on filter much quicker. So, really important to produce extra ad creative. How do you go about doing that? Well, firstly, embrace different formats. Doesn't all have to be video. Video is the best performing ad format for most advertisers, but we want to make sure we've got a range of formats live at any one time. Different people interested in different formats is part of the reason, but also it's much quicker and easier to create lots of say image variations than it is to create lots of extra videos. That's the first thing. Secondly, embrace Meta's variation options. So, when you're uploading your imagery to the ad platform, you go through the creative setup process, Meta is often going to use AI to suggest variations of that image. By all means, take advantage of those. And you can use external tools that use AI to help you with this, too. One of the biggest reasons small budgets fail on Meta isn't targeting, it's the creatives. Because testing properly requires variations and variations cost money. A single UGC video from a creator, hundreds if not thousands of dollars. An agency to consistently produce and test new creatives, thousands if not tens of thousands dollars per month. And that's before you even know if the ads convert. If you're working with a small budget, that math just doesn't work. Hollow flips that part of the equation. You just paste in only your website URL and it analyzes your brand voice, positioning, and visuals. Then generates ready to publish ads, social posts, and email campaigns. But what makes this powerful for small budgets is the variations. Instead of giving you one creative, it can generate batches of different hooks, angles, formats, and layouts in seconds. You can tweak the size, swap visuals, adjust colors, change the messaging, translate it into another language, or even turn a static image into a video without starting from scratch each time. No prompts, no Canva marathons, no waiting weeks on freelancers. And here's why this matters for small budget advertisers. Meta rewards iteration. The people who win aren't always the ones spending the most, they're the ones testing the most. If you can create 10 to 20 creative variations quickly without spending thousands on production, you suddenly have leverage. Instead of spending your budget on creative production, you can spend it on actual ad testing. What used to take hours or cost thousands now takes minutes. For solo founders and small teams, that removes the biggest bottleneck in Facebook ads, producing enough creatives to find a winner. If creative costs have been holding you back from testing properly, Hollow is definitely worth looking at. There is a link in the description and a discount code if you want to try it. Strategy number four is to use partnership ads. Now, this is linked to the previous point I made around creating more ad creative. Partnership ads will certainly help you do that. Just to quickly explain what they are, partnership ads are ads that run from both your account and a creator's account. So, you can hire creators, influencers to produce usually video ad creative promoting your products and services. And then when you run them, they will be run from those two accounts, yours and theirs, hence why it's called a partnership ad. It's effectively influencer marketing, but not reliant on the organic distribution of their posts, but you can actually put budget behind it and advertise and run it to their audience. And there's a number of reasons why you might want to do so. Firstly, it's a quick and easy way to produce a lot more ad creative because you're not doing it yourself. Secondly, if you work with the right people and they have influence over your target market, they have scroll-stopping power. People are more likely to pay attention, so your hook rate improves. That's a big deal. That should not be underestimated. Thirdly, their recommendation carries weight. So, when they say you should go and buy this product or service, if it's someone that is respected in your space, people are more likely to do it as opposed to that recommendation coming from someone they don't know or from someone within your company. Fourthly, partnership ads can really help you build a brand over time because if you work with creators over an extended period of time, the creators that you work with, people will start to associate with your business and your business will take on the values and the things that people think about those creators. Means you need to pick well in the first place, but it can be a great way to build a brand. Also, when you're working with influencers creators, they're normally pretty good at producing creative assets, otherwise they wouldn't have become an influencer or creator in the first place. So, it's a great way to get really high-quality ad creative that a lot of businesses just aren't capable of producing themselves. Now, of course, it costs money to go out and hire these people, but if you choose right, you are more than likely going to recoup the cost pretty quickly in terms of increased ad efficiency. If you take 10% of your advertising budget, for example, and pay that to creators, but that creator makes your ad campaign 40% more effective, that's a great trade. You should do that every time. And I see that come up again and again. And Meta have a really simple free tool that you can use to make finding creators to work with, contacting them really easy. So, if I jump back into my example ad account, I'm in campaigns. If I go ahead and click on all tools, and I can come down here to the Creator Marketplace. And then from within here, I can easily find creators to work with. Meta even gives recommendations around the creators most relevant for you. I've created a whole video around the Creator Marketplace, how it works, how to go through it properly. You can find that on my channel, and go ahead and check that out. I just wanted to quickly show you how easy this process can be. Strategy number five is to use the creative testing tool. A lot of advertisers have run into issues post-Andromeda when it comes to testing new ad creative. I've already talked about wanting a lot more ad creative, so we want to test to find out what's working, what's not. A lot of advertisers are running into problems where they upload new ad creative, add that into an existing ad set, and it just gets no ad spend whatsoever, and it feels pointless, like a complete waste of time. The existing best performers just continue to get all the ad spend. So, I've seen advertisers do all sorts of things with like separate campaigns and testing setups. It can get very complicated very quickly. You can end up with fragmented data, not the way to go. Much better to use the creative testing tool. So, let's go back into my example ad account. I don't have any campaigns in here, so let's just quickly create an example campaign. Let's go with a sales campaign. And I'm just going to jump straight to the ad level, which is where you will find the creative testing tool. Then I'm going to scroll down, and it's just here beneath where you add in your ad creative. And if I click on here, I can click on setup test, and you can test two to five different ads simultaneously. You can tell Meta how much of your budget you want to spend on this test, how long you want this test to run, and then what do you want to compare performance? I would absolutely recommend changing from, say, cost per post engagement to something like cost per lead or cost per purchase, or whatever it is that you're actually optimizing for in the campaign. That might mean you need to add in extra time, extra budget to make it work, etc. Click confirm, and then what you do is this will produce five different test ads. You go into each one of those ads, and you add in the different ad creative, and this will do a proper test. Meta will segment out your audience into five different chunks, and make sure they don't overlap so you can properly test to see ad creative A, how does it perform against ad creative B? If you're producing new ad creative and adding them to your campaigns, your existing campaigns, your existing ad set, you can use this to make sure they actually get spend and you find out if they're working or not or whether you just completely wasted your time and potentially money on on getting those things created. So yeah, big fan of the creative testing tool. Not many advertisers know about it, even fewer use it, but I certainly recommend it. Strategy number six is to not use a separate retargeting campaign or even a separate retargeting ad set. Instead, we like to combine the two and run a hybrid so your ads are being delivered to a combination of warm and cold audiences. Why do we do that? Because no matter how you set up your targeting, it is very likely that Meta is going to target a mixture of cold and warm audiences anyway. I talked in a previous point about defining your audience segment and one of the reasons is so that you can go down into the breakdown information and you can break down your results but also your spend by new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers. When you do that in an ad set that is set up to be a retargeting ad set and then you compare the results to an ad set that is set up to be a cold audience ad set, often you will find that the split in terms of spend between new audience, engaged audience, and existing customers is exactly the same. And why does Meta do this? Because most of your targeting inputs are suggestions. When you set up an ad set to be a warm audience ad set, you add in your warm audiences, your custom audiences as targeting, but you do so as a suggestion in the suggested audience section as opposed to within the controls within the hard targeting constraints. So Meta has the flexibility to target other people. If you're targeting more open, more cold audiences, Meta is absolutely going to find your warm audiences. Those are the people that are most likely to engage with your ads. Those are the people that Meta will quickly identify as most likely to purchase, become a lead, whatever it is you're optimizing for, and that is going to put ads in front of them. So, if the two different campaigns or two different ad sets, one one one cold, are going to be the same from a distribution standpoint anyway, you might as well combine them so that you don't have fragmented data. We consolidate that data. One ad campaign producing 50 conversions a week is much better than two ad campaigns producing 25 conversions a week because getting out of the learning phase, you're not being caught in learning limited, Meta has more data to optimize, you have more data as the advertiser to be able to assess things and make optimization decisions. So, we rarely have separate retargeting campaigns. Now, there are circumstances where we do. I've got another video going into more detail on this that you can check out on my channel, but by default, we're not going to retarget separately. Quick one before we continue. If you're running Meta ads and you'd like me to take a look at your actual ad account and tell you what I would change, test, or scale, I've built something called the Ben Heath Inner Circle. Inside, you get direct access to me for less than $60 per live session, where you can join, ask me questions, and even share your ad account for live feedback. And these sessions are scheduled across multiple time zones, so you can join from wherever you are in the world. So, if you're dealing with performance dropping, creatives not working, or you're unsure how to scale, you can bring it to a live session and we'll go through it together. If you want to check it out, there's a link in the video description. Let's get back to the video. Strategy number seven is to focus your initial acquisition on free {slash} inexpensive products or services, or go to the other end of the spectrum and go high price point, premium luxury, high ticket, high touch sales process. I think the mid-range is often the hardest, particularly to scale. It's where most of your competitors are, so it's difficult differentiate just for starters. But, if you just think about the economics of it, if you're offering something free or inexpensive, you want that to be as cheap and as operationally efficient for your business as possible, something that you can give away. It's just not going to be very difficult for you to deliver on that. Or you want to go to the other extreme where you can have all the bells and whistles and all the high touch points in the sales calls and the proposal documents and the follow-up processes. Because when you actually do get a customer, you cover the cost of all that. In the mid-range, you're often high enough price where people want a bit more than something just easy automated, but you don't really make enough money from them to be able to justify an elongated sales process or you know, something really complex. So, the more I've seen businesses that are outliers that really succeed with their meta ads, the more they tend to fall into one end or the other. Like free or really really inexpensive and easy for them to deliver on in the first place what you might call a tripwire. Or, you know, let's do it all. Let's go with the absolute top end of the market. I'll work with just a handful of clients customers. They'll be incredibly valuable. Our return on ad spend on those leads would be unbelievable. Yeah, that seems to be a better approach to go with. And strategy number eight is to embrace WhatsApp and use it as part of your meta marketing funnels. Now, this is going to be location dependent to some extent. In the US, for example, people use WhatsApp a lot less than just about everywhere else in the world. But if your target audience is on WhatsApp regularly, then definitely experiment with a WhatsApp-based sales funnel. I've seen a lot of businesses having success with replacing their traditional processes with a WhatsApp-based funnel instead. So, let's say previously people would click, go through to landing page, book in a call or inquire. They'd then get contacted by the company to arrange a call. A lot of friction, slow process. How much easier is it for your prospect to just click on an ad, go straight into WhatsApp, send a few messages, and those initial messages are all automated, and people are filtered depending on you know, you can find out whether they actually are a qualified lead or not. From then on, you can then progress them to actually communicating with a person. And I think that a lot of prospects prefer that. They're like, "Well, why would I want to book a sales call for 3 days time and then I have to sit on the call and have them pitch me the thing, and then I've got to get the document afterwards, and then I follow up. It's slow, and it's cumbersome, and it's friction, and people are busy. Whereas on WhatsApp, it's like I could just send a few messages back and forth really quickly, find out whether or not I like this product or service, and then go ahead and make a purchasing decision. It also has the advantage that's often quite a bit cheaper for the business to operate than a traditional say lead sales call funnel structure. In a market like the UK at the moment, you're going to have more success if you're high ticket with this type of thing with WhatsApp as opposed to low ticket, but that doesn't apply worldwide. If you're in India, Brazil, for example, you can sell anything on WhatsApp, low ticket included. So, I would predict that in the next 5 to 10 years, WhatsApp's going to make real inroads into the US market as well, and then this will apply there, too. In the meantime, for everyone else or people who are advertising to people in in other locations, uh definitely something to experiment with. And if you want to know more about how to advertise using WhatsApp, you can check out this video here. In it, I walk through the entire process of creating a click-to-WhatsApp campaign. I also show you some of the other things that you could do as a marketer, things like marketing messages on WhatsApp. Yes, you can send messages to people that have interacted with WhatsApp, which is incredibly powerful in certain circumstances, of course. So, if you haven't already, go ahead and check this out.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @vadha1: Meta has made advertising extremely difficult. I don’t have the time to bother with this stuff so I’m just gonna not advertise on meta
  3. @thiemebr: How much in average a small business should invest in FB ads per day?
  4. @hskinnershepherd: it'd be great if you could list in the description or tag in this video all of the videos you mention. not all of your video titles are intuitive to what you're recommending to check out. it makes it difficult to search your channel and find the video you are referencing.
  5. @mel12ab: Does the creative testing tool, only work for standard events and not custom events?
  6. @IntheRealLife: Ad gurus always talk like meta is so smart but I have found if you don't tell it what to do it puts your ads in front of an audience MOST UNLIKLEY to actually purchase. For example, I am a remotely attractive woman and my target audience is other women. Men will engage with my videos because well.... men engage with any video of a remotely attractive women, doesn't matter what you are talking about. So what does meta do if i don't completely limit them? They push my ads to men when my product is for women. Same thing happens if you leave the location open, they will show your ads in Nigeria which is useless to my particular product. What am I missing understanding? Why does every Facebook ad tutorial I watch tell me to let meta figure it out when they are obviously terrible at picking the right audience early enough on to be useful. I don't want to burn through ad budget while they slowly figure out my product is not for men and not priced for Nigeria. If I don't completely restrict them they send my ads to the exact wrong people every time.
  7. @chordkeys: Help. How many assets should I use for flexible ads?
  8. @lemonroti1991: This video breaks down eight key strategies for scaling Meta Ads in 2026. Here is an overview of the sections covered:

Strategy 1: Use Value Rules (0:20 - 2:13): Explains how to influence Meta's targeting by assigning higher value to specific customer segments without hard constraints.
Strategy 2: Define Audience Segments (2:13 - 3:40): The importance of classifying audiences into new, engaged, and existing customer groups to optimize budget allocation.
Strategy 3: Produce More Ad Creative (3:40 - 7:18): Discusses the shift toward creative diversity, aiming for up to 20 variations per ad set to combat ad fatigue.
Strategy 4: Use Partnership Ads (7:18 - 9:59): How to leverage influencer and creator collaborations to improve hook rates and brand trust.
Strategy 5: Use the Creative Testing Tool (9:59 - 11:59): A guide to using Meta's built-in testing tools to ensure new creative gets adequate spend and performance data.
Strategy 6: Consolidate Retargeting (11:59 - 14:48): Why it is generally more effective to combine cold and warm audiences into a single campaign rather than separating them.
Strategy 7: Focus on Price Point Strategy (14:48 - 16:20): Recommends focusing on either very low-cost "tripwire" offers or high-ticket premium services, avoiding the difficult mid-range.
Strategy 8: Embrace WhatsApp Funnels (16:20 - 18:30): How to use WhatsApp to reduce friction in the sales process and build more direct connections with prospects.
  9. @vinedresserlawnandlandscape: For a service business. Would you suggest that we test ads with ABO and, when they scale, put them in an evergreen CBO campaign? Or just run CBO campaigns with one ad set?
  10. @giullianaarias.: super valuable
  11. @johnnydulong-SellHfxRealEstate: I just asked ChatGPT if it could create Ad Creatives for me and it can.  I have not tested this but if it works, big savings.
  12. @condosbysarah: how to disable message template on leads campaign?
  13. @JarnoZhou-q6i: Just curious if it's necessary to do the creative AB testing?
  14. @Haifahusayn: Which tool u were talking about ?
  15. @topchessmoments: For a £200 per day budget, would you split out UK and US audiences?
  16. @Mia_archerron: Great video, Ben, thank you so much! Question: The value rules (the first tip you talk about in the video) is not great to do with a micro budget (20$) per day, correct?
  17. @icegangwatch: My product category is watches, so I'll be using a 1-1-N ad structure. With a daily budget of $100, should my ad creatives use different colors of the same watch, or can I mix and match different styles?
  18. @costo8779: Yo bro hru i’m a beginner is it better to go with videos or static ads?
  19. @tuckertheremedy: Hi Ben, would you recommend separating Catalog ads into their own campaign, since they tend to cannibalize spend when combined into the same campaign as manually created ads?
  20. @crescitaly: The 20 creatives per adset tip is the unlock nobody talks about. Went from 6 to 22 creatives after Andromeda and CPA dropped 43% in 3 weeks. Also pairing partnership ads with Crescitaly-boosted organic seed posts from the same creator before going paid - it warms the pixel and we see 2x better hook rates right out the gate. WhatsApp funnel tip also gold for our Brazil market.

- 7 Mistakes in Meta Ads KILLING Your ROAS ❌ (Secrets Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en Running meta ads or creating a campaign on them is not a very difficult task these days. Anyone can create a basic campaign structure and run ads. But if there is a problem with your strategies or if you are making some mistakes that all beginners make, then your campaign is bound to get affected. At the same time, the good conversions that you were supposed to get also do not happen. So it is important that you understand that as a beginner or if you are running meta ads and you are not getting results, then what are the common mistakes that you should definitely avoid because due to these mistakes, not only do many people's campaigns fail but their cost per purchase also sometimes goes up and the campaign does not perform properly because it does not get enough opportunity. So in this video I am going to tell you some mistakes which are very important for you to know so that you can make your meta ads better and get good conversions from them. So, we don't waste time at all. Let's get straight into the video and learn how to do these things. Let's talk about the mistake first because the biggest problem with all the people I have talked to till date who talk to me about meta aids is what do they do? For example, he launched a campaign today. Now after launching that campaign, they keep checking every two-three hours to see what results have come and how. Because people either get excited or they want to know how much they are spending and how many sales or leads they are getting. And if the campaign does not perform well throughout the day, people switch off that campaign. Which is one of the biggest mistakes that you are making. Because if you feel that you have launched a campaign and pause it the very next day because it did not perform. So you did not even give him the opportunity to reach the audience. Because look friend, on the first day and the second day your ad campaign remains directly in the learning phase. He does not even come out of the learning phase and you cannot analyze any campaign in a day. Because at that time he does not spend that much time and you do not analyze any result from it. So if you want your campaign to perform well, give it a chance to test. If you are launching a campaign, let it run for at least 2 to 3 days. Check after that. If you feel that it is giving results then keep it going. If it still isn't producing results, turn off that campaign. Whenever you launch any campaign, make sure to give it 2 to 3 days so that Meta can test your audience properly. Can test your ad creatives. Can do your placement test. Because unless testing is done, you will not be able to analyze the results of any campaign. Now let's talk about our second mistake and I think till date no bigger hype has been created in the market than this. If I talk about Meta Ads, then that is open targeting or broad targeting. Now people have started feeling that a campaign has to be created. We just have to put ad creative in it. Drop the targeting completely broad and we'll start getting results. But this does not happen. Interest- based targeting still works today. We have several clients that we have scaled using only interest-based targeting, and it works. So don't be under the myth that you will get results just by broad targeting or by leaving the entire targeting open. Definitely broad targeting works. But it depends upon when you are using broad targeting. Let us consider two hypothetical situations. The first situation is that you have created a new Ads Manager account. You are initially trying out a sales campaign or a leads campaign and you have broad targeting there. So you will not get results there. Because Meta does n't have any data about your audience. Broad targeting or Advantage Plus campaigns won't work for you unless you use interest-based targeting and tell Meta who your audience is through your ad creatives. So whenever you create a new account or are thinking of launching a sales campaign in a new way and Meta does not have data about your audience, then instead of using broad targeting or open targeting, use interest based targeting so that Meta also knows whom you actually want to target. But if using a campaign you get 50 to 60 conversions , sales or leads. After that you can easily try broad targeting. Because Meta has enough data to understand which audience to actually reach. Because if you run a broad campaign right from the beginning, then you will yourself notice that Meta will show your ad creative to any audience and because of this, a lot of your money will be wasted on Meta ads and you will get very less conversions and even if you get, it will be on purchase at a high cost. So make sure that if the audience data is not on the meta page then you have to do interest based targeting only and if you have the audience data or 50-60 conversions then after that you can test out broad targeting campaign or open targeting campaign. Now the mistake that I am going to talk about, almost 90% of the advertisers are making the same mistake and this thing cannot even be analyzed. So please, if you are also doing this, then make sure that you fix it right away. I have just mentioned in my last two-three videos that Meta himself has said that 56% of conversions are now decided by your creative and what people do these days is they will get four ad creatives made in two to three months and will let it run for three to four months and will keep testing the same but they never move beyond that. Meta's ad creatives do n't even test. It's very common that you test out three to four new ad creatives every week. Because the more ad creatives you have, the better performance you will see in your ads manager. Because many times what happens is that you launch a campaign and it is performing very well. He gave a good performance for a week. He performed well for 10 days and suddenly his performance would drop. Your targeting was also going well. Your ad copies were also good. You had done everything well. But your audience might be bored seeing the same ad creative. The frequency may have increased. And so the performance may not be coming in that campaign. And you will not be able to analyze this thing. So make sure that whenever any campaign is launched, you keep refreshing it with new creatives. At least every month, even if you are spending Rs 30,000, keep testing out at least 10-12-15 new ad creatives because with ad creatives you will be able to do better scaling and you will not see a dip in performance because your audience will keep seeing new ad creatives, due to which audience saturation will not occur. So keep this thing in mind that if you have more ad creatives then most of your meta problems will be solved. Because in today's time, the most important thing that matters is your ad creative. And there is one more thing you can do if the ad creative of one of your campaigns is performing very well. So take its hook and create it in a different manner. Use the same visuals and create a different type of ad creative and launch it because that will also give you a lot of benefits. Now I am talking about the next mistake. I am 100% sure no one would have told you about this. But what do most advertisers do ? Never mind the learning fuzz. Whenever you launch any ad or campaign, it goes into the learning phase where the meta algorithm analyzes how good your ad creative is. What placement did you use? What do you want to target and after analyzing it accordingly, it brings some results or sees what performance will come from it. But what do advertisers do ? As soon as the campaign is launched, some changes are made in it the very next day or the day after that. Some tweaks were made on a daily basis. Maybe you changed your targeting because you felt the cost purchase was going high. Maybe you made some changes in the ad copies. Meaning you keep making daily tweaks. And even then your addition is in the learning fuzz. And mostly this happens because when the campaign is launched, it is possible that the next day your conversion may be coming at a high cost. Sometimes it may be coming at a lower cost. Meaning, there are a lot of fluctuations in the learning phase due to which you make all these changes. But never do this thing. Let your campaign be steady. You need 50 conversions to get through the learning phase. Make sure that if you get 50 conversions , you are purchasing at a slightly lower cost. Even if there is excessive CPB in between, there is no problem because it is in the learning phase. But at least do not make too many changes in your ad campaign because every time you make changes in it, it goes into learning phase and then that campaign cannot be studied. So make sure that when your campaign is in Learning Fuzz, you do n't have to make many changes in it. If he comes out of the learning phase and is performing well then it is fine. If it is not working then you can simply turn off that campaign. But at least don't tweak it too much in learning fuzz. Some changes are made in the ad copies etc. But if you start making heavy changes in targeting, demographics and everything else, then that campaign will not be able to be studied again. Another big mistake that most advertisers make is that they do not track their data properly. Now let us check at the surface level how much is the purchase on cost? What is Reach? What is Impatience? What's coming up every day? But all these things are very surface level. Every advertiser checks this. But if you do in-depth analysis of your campaigns every week, you can better strategize your next campaign. Like on which demographic the ads are doing the best. What genders are people watching it? Which target audiences are my ads most visible to ? How many add to cards are coming? How many Initiate Checkouts are coming in? If you analyze all these things, you will get better performance in your next campaign. Because the better you analyze your data, the better you will be able to strategize your campaign. Because the ROAS changes every week, every day. Even if you purchase a product worth ₹1000 at a cost of ₹200, your income will increase that day. But it is possible that the very next day the cost of your purchase may become ₹800, then your interest will automatically decrease. So all these things are very fluctuating. You have to think for the long term and analyze that people of this demographic are liking my ad more. So I will strategize my next campaign accordingly. So whenever you launch any campaign, make sure to keep a weekly analysis of it. Nowadays so many AI tools like Chat GPT are available in the market. If you do not want to do any analysis, then you can give your data to Chat GPD and ask them whatever questions you need and you can read them in great detail and then strategize your next campaign. Apart from this, the two biggest problems that will arise in your ad campaign, which you will not even check, are ad fitty and frequency. Many times what happens is that we get so caught up in looking at so many analytics that we don't even realize that there are things like frequency and ad fatigue. Now for example, if you launch a creative and that creative is visible to a person six to seven times a day, then it will irritate him, due to which your cost per purchase will go high, CTR will drop and your campaign will ultimately not perform well at all. So in such situations, you have to continuously check the frequency of your ads. Meaning how many times a person is seeing your ad in a day. And make sure that if the ad frequency of any ad is more than two then you should reduce its frequency because the more times people see the same ad, they will get irritated and then your campaign will ultimately not perform. At the same time, ad fit is also a big problem. You overuse the same ad creative so much that the audience gets bored and ultimately it affects your campaign. So as I told you earlier, refresh the ad creatives and make sure that even if the audience is seeing more ad creatives, they should see different types. The same ad creatives should not appear 10 times a day. Because this definitely affects your campaign. Now let me talk about my last mistake and I have seen that still 50% of the people have not implemented this thing in their ads manager. If we have to do any tracking from our website, then what do we do it with? Let's do it with pixels. Now you also know the scene of Pixel that when the iOS update came, there were many such things which Pixel is not able to track today. So the data you see in your Ads Manager is not 100% correct. Because pixel is not able to give you complete data. Someone may have an ad blocker installed on their Google Chrome. So Pixel may not track that data at all. There are many things that can cause the pixel to not track your data. So you have to make sure that you install Conversions API on your website and connect it with Facebook because Conversions API will give you absolutely correct data as it is given directly from your server to Facebook's server. There is an app called Tep.io that charges $10 I guess monthly. Using it, you can setup Conversions API on your website and then you will be able to track your data correctly. Because you might have 10 conversions in a campaign and the pixel is showcasing only three conversions. Then what will happen? You will not be able to track your campaign properly. A campaign may be performing exceptionally well for you, but Pixel may not be tracking it. So make sure you install the Conversions API on your website today because it will give you accurate data. If you get correct data, you will analyze it and if you analyze it correctly, you will be able to structure your campaign better. If you feel that I have left out any mistakes then please definitely put them in the comment section so that it helps everyone and make sure that you do not repeat the mistakes that I am telling you in your ad campaign at all because this definitely affects your campaign a lot. And if this video has helped you even a little bit, then please like the video because when you guys like it, I get motivation and also subscribe to the channel because you get such good content on digital marketing only here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @daminitripathi [1 likes]: Starting from zero? Don’t overthink. Follow a proven path 👇  

👉Start E-commerce step-by-step: 

https://www.ecommerce.marketian.io  

👉 Learn Meta ads that actually convert: 

https://www.marketian.io/courses/Facebook-Ada--Video-Course-675d7f5ab3427a142bcfb60b  

Just implement. That’s it.
  2. @jatin_tatki [1 likes]: Hello didi , 
campaign reporting pe ek video leke aaao ki kse ache se campaign ko analyze kre taki next campaign ke liye best startegy bna ske.
  3. @Jagannathdharam [1 likes]: How to get approved healthcare keyword approval
  4. @apsaraafrin-v7v: Should i use Daily budget or lifetime budget as a imitation jewellery brand. Please tell
  5. @swarajkumarasealu5165: I am waiting for this video. It's happened to me, and I've become more confident in it.  Thank you.
  6. @Kapraybyana: HOW TO CONTROL FREQUENCY IN SALES CAMPAIGN. CAN YOU PLEASE GUIDE ME????/
  7. @JollyImmigration-p5i: HI damini, i am adding lead intergrtion > connect google sheet . but it shows linking to your acc in biz. manager . its not going forward. why this happens ?
  8. @dev_mahaur: Mam mera ctr down jata hai hr lead campaign me
  9. @KRISHNAPATEL-lr1bj: can you run my meta ads we are looking for specialist person
  10. @Saqibkevlogs: Really Helpful
  11. @joeym.3555: I have a shopify store. Newly launched. Can you help me with sales campaigns? 
Please share your email 
We are based in pakistan 🇵🇰
  12. @aakarshanrohatgi8635: I put broad targeting it's all about budget play big gain big play scared get less
  13. @Dynamic_Sister: Im Renu Singh,maine lead campaign active mode me hai aur ad 3 din pahle ad run kiya tha but kya problem ho sakti hai ki lead generate nhi ho rahi
  14. @Zohaib-Chaudhary: Thank You So Much for tips
  15. @STAYRELAXEDWITHMAX: Cake 🍰 or fake
  16. @RajeshKumar-ny1jr: Good, we wish to add our product, how can we connect with your team.
  17. @Niyeci.com01: Mera ad campaign koi learning nahi atahy
Only active...show. 

Any new campaign same
  18. @ridzsharma16: You mean if we look upto 10-12 creatives? For 1 ad creative how much time do you suggest to keep rynning the ad on first ad creative? And then should we stop the first one and start the 2nd ? Or keep both but in that case budget should be split?
  19. @Urbancstore: what about re-targeting? ATC to Purchase
  20. @zubairloyal: Market place add run please

- 💥 Still Skeptical About Ads ROI? Try Our 90-Day Challenge: Kind: captions Language: en Still unsure if this will work for you? That's exactly why we created the 90-day challenge. Since 2019, we've helped 850 plus businesses, generated over 400 plus leads in a month, earned 500 plus five-star reviews. We don't just promise results, we guarantee them. If we can't increase your revenue in 90 days, you get 100% of your money back. No risks, no wasted budgets, just real scalable growth. Submit your application today.

- PHILOSOPHY - Epistemology: The Problem of Skepticism [HD]: Kind: captions Language: en [intro music] My name is Jennifer Nagel. I teach philosophy at the University of Toronto, and today, I want to talk to you about the problem of skepticism. What do you know for sure? Consider the fact that you are watching a video, on your computer, right now Is this something you "know?" Before you say yes, consider the following question: do you think it is possible for someone to dream that they're watching a video online, when in fact, they're asleep in bed, with their computer turned off. Can you prove that you are now awake and not dreaming? If not, do you know that you are watching a real video as opposed to dreaming one up? If you start feeling inclined to doubt that you have knowledge, you're feeling the attraction of skepticism. Our word, skepticism, comes from ancient Greece, the home of not one, but two great skeptical traditions, academic skepticism, and Pyrrhonian skepticism. Academic skeptics argued that sensory impressions, which are often taken to be the foundation of knowledge about the world, don't actually enable you to know anything. Do you have the impression that the voice you're hearing now, is the voice of the same person who narrated the first video in this series? I might have an identical twin. You might be mis-remembering, dreaming, or in some other way making a mistake. Because impressions can be misleading, you can't know that the same person is narrating both videos. The academics used arguments like that one to support their general conclusion that knowledge of the world is impossible for humans. Pyrrhonian skeptics went one step further. Their mission was just to keep on inquiring, and doubting everything without reaching any conclusions at all. Where the academic skeptics argued that knowledge was impossible, the Pyrronian skeptics worked to suspend judgment even on that point, keeping all questions open. Some skeptical arguements have been known since antiquity and used in both eastern, and western philosophy. Most famously, the dreaming argument. If what you are now experiencing is just a dream, then it's not clear that you know anything about your immediate environment Or even about yourself. The ancient Chinese philosopher Xiang Xiu [Jwang Ju], reported having dreamed that he was a butterfly, and worried later that he did not know whether he was then, a man dreaming he was a butterfly, or whether, he might now be a butterfly, dreaming he was a man. You might think that there are some facts you could know whether or not you are dreaming. The 17th century philosopher, Rene Descartes, suggested that even if you are dreaming, you should still be able to know that a square has four sides, or that 2+3=5. But Descartes found a way to raise skepticism about those facts, too. He noted that it feels natural to us to make those simple mathematical judgments, but pointed that we could ask whether what feels natural to us really has to be true. Where does our nature come from anyway? Decartes also developed a powerful skeptical scenario, designed to make you doubt absolutely everything, including your grasp of abstract fact. Imagine that there is an evil genius of utmost power and cunning, devoted to deceiving you. The evil genius controls all your sensory impressions and all your instincts, about math, and geometry, and so on. Making false things seem true to you. The challenge of skepticism, Descartes argues, is the challenge of proving that you are not, right now, in the hands of such a demon. In the next video, we'll look at Descartes' own way of answering that challenge. Meanwhile, various other powerful skeptical arguments have emerged since Descartes' time. The 18th century philosopher David Hume, had some especially good ones covered in detail in two separate Wi-Phi videos. Moving to the present day, we have a new version of Descartes' evil genius argument. Imagine a brain kept alive in a vat, and connected to a supercomputer that delivers sensory signals to simulate the experience of a coherent reality. The computer also picks up the brain's outgoing motor signals and adjusts its inputs accordingly. When the brain sends out motor signals to raise a hand and touch something, the computer delivers coordinated visual and tactile input of seeing the hand and feeling what it touches. If the computer program is good enough, and let's assume that it is, the brain-in-a-vat experiences a perfectly realistic virtual world. He could have experiences of going to the beach on a sunny day, meeting friends, being stuck in traffic, or being home alone, watching videos about philosophical topics. Is there anything you could point to, in your present experience, to prove that you aren't a brain in a vat? It won't help to pinch yourself. The local feeling of pain, is just the kind of sensory signal that the supercomputer can easily supply the in-vatted brain. Typical skeptics don't try to prove that you actually are a brain in a vat, they will argue instead that it's bad enough that you just might be, but you can't tell the difference. Even if you are in an ordinary physical world, watching a video, and actually looking at a hand in front of you -- we call that the good case -- it's a problem that your experience feels just like the experience of the brain-in-the-vat. He doesn't know that his hand is in front of him; he's just a brain. He doesn't even have hands. We call this the bad case. So, even if you are in the good case, and your experience really is coming from looking at your hand, You're just lucky that you're not in the bad case. You can't prove that you aren't, and your inability to rule out the bad case means that you don't actually know that your hand is really there in front of you. The dreaming argument the evil genius, and the brain-in-the-vat scenario are known as "global skeptical scenarios." They raise doubts about virtually everything you would ordinarily take yourself you know. But skepticism doesn't have to be global. You can raise skeptical worries about some particular range of knowledge. For example, you can worry about your knowledge of the past. What if the whole universe just came into being five minutes ago, complete with fossils, antique-looking furniture, and your own apparent memory traces? If it did, it would look just the way it does now. But many of your beliefs, like your beliefs about what you did last summer for example, would be false. In a more restricted, local skepticism, we can raise skeptical worries about knowledge of single facts, just by thinking of some possible way in which things might fail to be as they appear. Consider Alice, who's walking down the street and wondering what time it is. She glances up at the clock, and sees that the hands show 4:30. Suppose that's right, and that the clock is working fine. Ordinarily, we'd say, "Now Alice knows that it's 4:30." But if we highlight something that could have gone wrong -- sometimes clocks are broken -- and Alice didn't look long enough to be sure that the hands were moving, then it gets harder to see Alice as really knowing the time. If her quick glance isn't enough to tell a difference between a working clock and a broken one, then how does Alice really know what time it is? Just thinking about the possibility of error can make it seem like knowledge is really hard to attain. Do we always have to double check that the clock is working in order to know the time? It's surprisingly easy to generate doubts about human knowledge, even knowledge of the kinds of things we'd ordinarily consider easily known, like whether there's a hand in front of your face right now. Skepticism, whether it's global, or local is an ancient, and difficult problem. Philosophers have proposed various solutions to this problem. The next two videos describe some of the main ways of answering the skeptic's challenges and defending the idea that knowledge is humanly possible. translated by: Seohyun Yoon(윤서현)

  Top Comments:
  1. @alephnull8377 [1 likes]: It is not logically possible for an evil demon to change the laws of math
  2. @rickywinthrop [1 likes]: Me thinks therefore I is.
  3. @traceysheneman8652: What? Skepticism is a problem? I always assumed it was part of the solution. I know nothing. That is a fact supported by the weight of overwhelming empirical evidence. 😂
  4. @sheev973: 6:30 This seems stupid to normatively label the two situations. Experientially they are identical. My experiences make up my life. I enjoy my life. Therefore - neither case can be negative as they are indistuguishable & I have already established positive feelings towards the state of affairs as far as I will ever be able to ascertain them.
  5. @BolasDaGrk: Even if knowledge is not humanly possible, just like free will, we will still behave as if it is to satisfy that in which we can do when we act accordingly and to avoid being unable  to do if we act otherwise.
  6. @Hyudith: This was precisely why I stopped following religion (Christianity). I started asking how could we possibly know the truth. Our current collective knowledge is said to be, no much. We can't even know how much we know. Do we know half of all possible knowledge or just 2%?
New knowledge is filtered through old knowledge. Things are true and we might not want them to be so our brain tries to rationalize them away. Or the opposite - we want something to be true so we try to rationalize it. We look for information that proves it through cherry picking and confirmation bias.
Everyone has arguments for and against something. They're convincing to the person giving them. So, are we blind to our arguments' validity? Each person processes information differently so when an argument is given, it sounds one way to us but another way to the hearer. This may have to do with his or her current understanding of the world filtering what he or she is hearing.

I hope to find an answer. Perhaps they're in the next videos or perhaps I won't know until I wake up from this dream I might be having.
  7. @BlessingsfromBridget: The number one thing I doubt are the claims of the mental health system, and their professionals claim they know for certain what is real and not, but how can they know?
  8. @BlessingsfromBridget: I find it interesting that doubting sensory experiences is called academic skepticism when academia is always preaching empiricism and the only knowledge we can have is sensory
  9. @ErikLira-v4j: This video delivered way more than I expected!
  10. @SORA-wl8hn: what if i chose to ignore the unnecessary knowledge n went with a fight or fly state all the time w/o asking more questions n dealing with it just like that
  11. @allgood6760: I went to a skeptics conference once it was like the Flat Earth Society🗺️.. sad really.😔

Truth is truth! .. what other truth is there?
  12. @johnmichaelcule8423: Is the Brain In A Jar inspired by Leibnitz's Monadology. In that the giant super computer is replaced by God who fakes the whole universe but consistently since imperfection isn't in God. For some reason Leibnitz found this reassuring.
  13. @lilithovanes: Skepticism is an extremely interesting topic that I recently discovered. I searched for a definition at first: skepticism - questioning attitude; doubt as to the truth of something. I learnt that being a skeptic, as if a person constantly questioning the validity or authenticity of everything and anything, is part of someone's identity and can seem extreme or unsettling, however being skeptical can be beneficial in decision-making, helpful in identifying misinformation, encouraging to think critically, and can also prevent gullibility. I would like to invite you to think about the difference between the two: one is a noun, the other is an adjective, but there is a nuance which I have noticed during my research. Regarding the video, the argument about dreaming and the idea of the evil genius were especially thought-provoking.
  14. @alexpoiry3988: HOW DID SHE KNOW I WAS HOME ALONE!  GAHHH!!!!  I'M A BRAIN IN VAT!
  15. @krentdovahgolz707: You guys clearly have never learned to harness a dream.
  16. @Ingenuinephilosophicalmystic: 4:00 plot twist, the evil genius was god
  17. @WADESBEATS: pragmatism solves it lol
  18. @jaywalker2uk: I don't get to study philosophy formally. So I enjoy occasional dose of philosophy. As a Muslim, I would love to study more on Islamic philosophy.
  19. @dustinharding8941: Haven't gotten through the full video yet, but it seems like what this is getting at is that a skeptic requires absolute certainty for knowledge.
But none of the famous skeptics i'm a fan of reading and listening to ever required absolute certainty for knowledge.
  20. @VenusLover17: ❤❤❤

- Why You Should Be More Skeptical | Darren Hardy: Kind: captions Language: en i'm here to tell you it's good to be a skeptic [Music] aristotle was a greek philosopher and polymath born way back in bc yet we still quote his advice to this day his wisdom has exerted a unique influence on almost every form of knowledge in the west point is we can readily deem him a wise proven and trusted expert right well in the late 1500s everyone believed aristotle's claim that heavy objects fell faster than light ones that is all but one skeptic a who the hell are you kind of dude named galileo instead of just swallowing this truth galileo decided to test aristotle's claim instead to do that galileo dropped two balls of differing weights from the leaning tower of pisa and guess what they both hit the ground at the same time was galileo given a nobel prize for his new scientific truth nope for challenging aristotle's authority galileo was fired from his job apparently authorities don't like their truths being questioned and most certainly proven wrong but for his place in history galileo taught us that we shouldn't just blindly believe what experts tell us skepticism is healthy when carl sagan introduced his bologna detection kit he asked who is more humble the scientist who looks at the universe with an open mind and accepts whatever the universe has to teach us or somebody who says everything in this book must be considered the literal truth and never mind the fallibility of all the human beings involved our history is filled with facts proclaimed by esteemed experts saints and gurus that are now known to be downright silly if not dangerous australian neurologist and the father of modern psychology sigmund freud promoted cocaine as a wonder drug and it was sold openly on the market as a cure all freud wrote to his wife about the miracle drug saying quote i take very small doses of it regularly against depression and against indigestion and with the most brilliant of success end quote other diseases it was told it could treat included tuberculosis and asthma reminds me of a joke roger dangerfield used to used to say he said i don't like cocaine i just like the way it smells back only 55 years ago a dr walter freeman would cure you of all your depression and anxiety by jamming an ice pick into your eye socket and scraping it sideways to sever the emotional areas from the rest of the brain more than a hundred thousand of those lobotomy procedures were performed also in the 20th century radioactivity was promoted as good for you thinking radiation was natural in water radioactive drinks were marketed to the public evan byers a well-known industrialist claimed to drink three bottles a day until his jaw literally fell off his face reminds me of the vitamin or the smart waters of today how dumb do you have to be to believe that and back in the 18th century doctors regularly perform tobacco smoke enemas to treat a whole range of conditions including headaches stomach cramps and even death this is literally where the term blowing smoke up your ass comes from and that's what this daryn daly is all about preventing you from anyone being able to blow smoke up your ass any longer i'm here to tell you it's good to be a skeptic without skeptics we would still be stuck in the stone age it is only because we had people who refused to believe what they were told it is only because some people didn't simply accept the current knowledge and methods of doing things that we've achieved all the progress that we have today now let me clarify being a skeptic is not being a cynic nobody likes a cynic a cynic you do not want to be let me explain the difference between the two a cynic distrusts most all information they see or hear most especially when it challenges their own crazy-headed belief system facts or contrary evidence do not matter to a cynic they are inflexible in their thinking intolerant of other people's ideas and generally all around pains in the arse to be around skepticism on the other hand is a key part of critical thinking a key essential in education the term skeptic is derived from the greek skepticos meaning to inquire or to look around skeptics inquire and look around at everything objectively with a rational critical thinking open mind and objective mind they consider everything and will require evidence before simply just accepting someone's claims as true in other words they think for themselves here's what cracks me up the most people who are skeptical about mainstream media fake news or the political swamp but then believe the wackiness of conspiracy theories or religious ideologies you will find in life that most things aren't truths they are beliefs and opinions there are your truths and there are my truths which means that there aren't truths at all they are simply beliefs and opinions and should be held and stated as such you see i am agnostic about most things the older i get the wiser i become and the more i know for sure that i don't know for sure about most anything and here's the key point i am completely comfortable with that and this is what most people can't deal with and why most people are so susceptible to believing bs the mind is incredibly adverse and uncertain to ambiguity when we don't know something we will accept most anything we prefer to having an answer almost any answer and as quickly as possible than to sit in ambiguity to have to confront the uncertainty admit that we don't know or to deal with having to discover the actual truth on our own to those who cannot handle uncertainty the world will beat a path to your mind to give it to you and with that new certainty installed ha your confirmation bias will kick in and you will look for and only see and only hear that which supports and entrenches that maybe crazy certainty even further instead i recommend that you be a skeptic become comfortable being uncertain there are very few certainties in life most everything is gray it's not black and it's not white be open to changing your mind i change my mind all the time changing your mind is wise it is smart it is intelligent it shows that you are growing and evolving being rigid and dogmatic that is what's dumb people who get stuck with what they believe stop learning they stop evolving they stop growing and they are the most susceptible to bs to commercial messages to tv news to campaign ads to liars and cheats and demagogues who prey on those who need the quick easy simple straightforward answer voltaire warned us about this 250 years ago quote those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities and we've seen that in recent history see everything as just interesting data as a curiosity not as a fact einstein said the most important thing is to not stop questioning my mentor jim rohn taught me don't be anybody's disciple seek everybody's ideas and input but then let your decision be a product of your own mind and your own conclusion and finally don't let skepticism or not knowing paralyze you step forward anyway allow yourself to figure it out along the way remain flexible see what shows up then make new decision as new information arises just wander out into the gray the vast known unknown because here's the big tip here's the big secret it's all gray anyway so tell us what struck you about today's mentor session share your thoughts and insights in the comments below and pay your membership fee no it's not a monthly charge no it's not a collection basket or patreon donation it is you helping spread the better everyday movement here on darrendale if you found value in today's session post tweet email share it widely with others and i thank you in advance thanks for watching today's darin daily on youtube make sure that you like and share this video if you found it helpful and subscribe to my channel for weekly videos and i have three insider secrets that i'll share with you on a 60-minute training session that you can sign up for for free by clicking the button on the screen

  Top Comments:
  1. @NathalieLazo [3 likes]: Extraordinary person reading this, you are not define by your circumstance or your past. It’s not what happened to you that determines your success in life; it is how you deal with those circumstances that determines your success in life! You are strong, you are capable and practice forgiveness and gratitude everyday. This will change the course of your life forever! Love you always and I believe in you wholeheartedly ❤️- Nat
  2. @darrenjhardy: Where in your life are you going to start being a better trader for your time? Leave your answer here. Sign up for DarrenDaily here: https://bit.ly/3chf9su
  3. @keithdmello: Excellent that's what I've been saying fir a while
  4. @qa2623: Sigmund Freud was from Austria, not Australia
  5. @amitthakkarofficial: Youtube algorithm is going crazier these days.. Content like this is meant to have millions of views..
i make content which is life changing u may not have ever seen... but we good go creators face such issues
  6. @comedybox6917: Hello sir, how are you, hope you fine,
Can you help me sir??
  7. @Pariya_Kohzadvand: Thanks all the same , you're well_respected all of us.
  8. @emadpi7348: ایرانیا لایک کنن

- Are Supplements a Scam? Why Smart People Are Skeptical (And What They Are Missing) | Ampelis | Ep17: Kind: captions Language: en Unlock your innate abilities for health. Core conversations. Welcome to the Core Conversations podcast by Impelis, where our goal is to help you fuel, use, and rest your bodies in ways that unlock its innate abilities for physical and mental health. My name is Robbie Harmon, and I'll be your host. Welcome to another episode of Core Conversations, where our goal is to help you fuel, use, and rest your bodies in ways that unlock its innate abilities is Robbie Harmon and today we have Lon Henderson who is the CEO of Impellis and Kim Stoddard who plays many different roles at Impella. She's been on the episode before, but she really leads a lot of our efforts in creating content and engaging with people and our coaching um programs and other things. So Kim has just played an instrumental role in all of this. And today we're going to have an interesting conversation that we we hope is interesting. Anyway, it's centered around really some critiques that were um that were shared with us from a really really thoughtful and kind and I think intellectually honest uh physician triple board certified um I think in in internal medicine, rheumatology and emergency medicine and in a very nice intellectually honest way he was he was asked by a person who's a shareholder of our company to review core 7 this new product that we are coming out with and sharing with people. And without knowing much about the product or really doing much research into the ingredients or the dosing, he he responded in kind of a lengthy email that we then responded to. And then he responded again and we responded once more and had a really interesting dialogue and it was respectful and and kind and and fair. And some of the criticisms that he he levied um were is that even the right word? I think levied >> were were uh >> were very fair and I think even even warranted not necessarily the aha moment I had um in reading this and I if I showed you this it's it's like 14 pages printed is what this this two email correspondence looked like. But um as I sat back and reflected, of course the initial reaction as you work so hard on something that you think is going to be good and somebody offers a critique of any kind is one of a little bit of emotion and like I want to defend. I want to get out my sword and defend this product. And >> I was listening as I read I mean as I'm watching the dialogue and sometimes I felt like a cheerleader. Other times I felt like you know a trainer other times I wanted to jump in the ring. I said come on let him have it. But uh Robert, you were amazingly just in an amazing way. You were so gentle and so appropriate. And I think the way that you disseminated the facts and the truths that we've received really had a huge impact on him. Well, it was good. And and kind of my reflection as I went through this and I I thought about it before I responded >> was really realizing that he didn't really know anything about our product but he was he was >> he was giving some feedback largely based on an industry. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And his experience with an industry >> u rather than this specific product. He he admittedly in his email said I I don't know anything about this product. >> Yeah. But what I can read in a very brief way, >> yeah, >> an industry that is starkly juxtaposed from a highly regulated, skilled, many years of education medical industry and the supplement industry, >> right? >> Filled with copycats, filled with the newest trend, filled with science that just gets shown and immediately is produced and driven by profits. It's really a juosition that's pretty stark. >> Very much so. And it really is exciting now that we've had people experience the product and they're learning more about it or just you know from this perspective hearing different people's perspective on why Core 7 is or is not um helpful I think has really opened our eyes to see how many gaps this actually fills this product actually fills. That's been really fun to see start to gather some of the testimonials or anecdotes of people using it. >> So, as we launch into this, let me set the stage for just because I think this might be helpful for some people who are >> listening or thinking about, you know, supplements. Should I use them? Shouldn't I use them? Should I use this product? Is this product going to help me with what I'm dealing with? Is it not? I think the the critiques that he outlined in across two different emails might be helpful. So, let me just start by outlining some of the things that he said and then >> in our conversation, we'll we'll go through and I think probably hit all of them >> um while we're talking. But some of the things that he said, first of all, he said um supplements uh can't replace a wellplanned diet. And I think a lot of these, we won't talk in depth about all of them right now. We'll get into it in the course of the conversation. Some of the things he said, I'll just say this, were very fair and I think we very much agree with, right? And so I'm not going to get into that. I just want to outline the points that he made and then we can come back to them. But he said supplements cannot replace food or a wellplanned diet, which we we'll agree with and we'll talk about. He said some of the claims that seem to be made by this product, this is not I'm paraphrasing, um are not sufficiently supported. So he's, you know, we've got things on the bag that talk about how it's going to help you with sleep quality, your mood and emotion or immunity or energy, and we talk about these seven categories of benefit. And he was saying some of those things I don't see evidence that those claims are supported. So we'll talk about that. Um, he did talk about because in the email correspondence, we talked about some of these anecdotes where we're starting to see people reporting different >> Yeah. kinds of >> and he said well anecdotes are not valid evidence which which we agree with but there's a role for those let's talk about that >> he specifically talked about certain compounds he because I I had shared that you know turmeric for example we had some things that we put in this product with the intention of having some kind of anti-inflammatory foundation or impact for people who use this product because of how many issues are related to inflammation and he his comment was well you know there's not there's there's really no evidence to suggest that things like turmeric are comparable to aspirin or motin for anti-inflammatory effect which we can talk about and which we agree with. It's come looking at for for a different purpose but that was a thing he said. Um, he said because of human variability, how different we are from person to person, it's really hard to have confidence in any kind of claim this product could make because we're not like cars where they're all manufactured and 99.9% come out exactly the same. It's like we're all different. And I think we agree with that, too. He said, um, there's limits to absorption, so getting more isn't necessarily better. And we talked talk about that depth versus depth versus breath. >> Yeah. And he said in many time many times you know cost in this industry is more reflective of marketing than value. And so you know be careful is this product more about you know profit and and marketing positioning than it is about really creating value for somebody. Is that what people are paying for? >> And we agree with that. >> Yeah. >> The premise of much of what we're doing is based on that >> in the industry. Yeah. So anyway, these are I guess categorically that's synthesizing 14 pages of back and forth and some of the critiques that he was rendering. But let I want to just then >> dive into this conversation with you guys about some of these things because >> um there's a lot there to talk about. So, first let's talk about um the industry and you already mentioned it a little bit, but skepticism towards the supplement industry is very common and and maybe we even would say it's justified. >> I'd love to hear either of your reflections on that question or or concern. >> Yeah. Um coming from a financial industry, overpromise is such a big deal. Overpromise is such a problem in finance. They have the SEC and many other regulatory, you know, commissions that are there. And in this industry of supplements, it seems like overpromise is the way that you market. >> And uh when you overpromise and you don't deliver, trust is the consequence with meaning broken. >> It's eroded. >> It's eroded. And how they reclaim that trust >> is tough. It takes years. >> It's difficult. >> Kim, what do you think? Any any insights? Why do you think it's so common in this industry? >> I think I think there's a few reasons. I think people have tested a lot of supplements and not found a huge difference. >> So, it's, you know, I'm take I I saw so and so take this on Instagram. I got it and I didn't really notice a difference. Um, and so then it then you're you don't know if it's a supplement or you don't know if it's you. And and so it's just kind of this slloshy space of like what really works here. Um and I and I also, you know, a lot of times I I wonder how much research we do on the brands of um you know, we trust the maybe the influencer that tells us to take this, but are we really looking into why did this company >> decide to start a supplement company in the first place? And I think that's I never did that until we started looking into and researching what was going into all of these supplements that I'm seeing all my friends and family and all the people online take to realize, oh my goodness, they're it's it's it's a house of cards. And so seeing the that's why I love to tell the people the backstory of Core 7 stemming from needing this product for our clinics. That's just such a different I I really of all the companies we researched, I don't know one that started out with that premises >> trying to solve a problem that they were seeing from caring for patients or clients. Yeah. your point, Kim, a problem that uh we identified, but the provider is the one that directed us. >> They looked at the commonality with all of the people they're treating. I say all, it was 95%. And one of the baseline issues is nutrition. And of course, we're seeing the statistics that are so overwhelming right now about the problem with nutrition in the world. But you're right. The other issue, too, is when you were speaking, a supplement is an equal equal to a supplement which is not equal to a supplement. >> Right. I mean they're done in test tubes and there's so many different standards of how they even come up with the supplement >> and so the lack of regulation um some of course there they we do have some regulation but the challenges that we have is um found in the sometimes a black box >> that they use to to create and then market what they have. Mhm. >> So maybe in summary, the industry's the industry's kind of earned some skepticism >> because, you know, maybe the there's a lot of things that are synthetic that might not be high quality >> and they sell them for a high price with marketing. So you're paying for something that's very cheap and inexpensive and you're paying a lot for it because there's a lot of market for mar. So there's some gaming and >> things that happen there. There's um there's certainly copycat products. So you mentioned, you know, this, this, and this. A lot of them actually are identical from thing to thing because people will take the same thing, put a new label on it, and just sell it based on marketing. Or you mentioned influencers. And so a lot of purchases happen rather than >> based on based on personalities or based on marketing rather than >> evidence or quality indicators. And um as you mentioned, many brands overpromise, underdel. So I think it's, you know, for a lot of those reasons, it's an industry, particularly from those in the medical community. >> That they look at with some degree of skepticism, which is is probably healthy. >> Right. >> So, um, and maybe I just say part of the reason we didn't immediately go there >> because there are so many issues that have you question if it's really valuable. So that was actually a barrier for us. Say, do we want to do this? I remember when you when you came into that meeting and you're like, "Wait, are we going to be a supplement company?" >> Yeah. Lotion in the land of lotions and potions. No way. >> And u fun journey. What a fun journey. Had >> to be done. Oh >> y >> we'll get into that in a conversation, but legitimately it was that discussion. And we were trying to find stuff to recommend and we've told this story before on the podcast, but >> we couldn't find things that met our criteria for quality and breadth and dosing and it just didn't and and simplicity. Yeah. And efficacy and and it didn't exist after looking for quite a number of months. And so we then before we even said create something, is there just something that we can maybe white label or pair together a few things and co-ackage them or and eventually said no because that still wouldn't meet our criteria because what we are looking for doesn't exist. Yeah. >> And so >> so that kind of goes into this next question which is how do you fix that? So if there's skepticism because the industry's earned it with some gamesmanship, with some, you know, hype over efficacy and evidence, how do you repair that? You know, what is honesty enough? If we come at this and we're really honest, can we expect that people just to believe us because we think we're honest people and we're trying to tell like a complete story with a great product or is it fair to expect that there's going to be some skepticism? I think there are multiple prongs to how we fix it. We're going to fix it by people who take this supplement and start seeing results. >> And I don't know of anything for me that's been more exciting than having people call or people send an email or people record something that has happened because of this supplement. And it's not a game. It's not like, you know, we're trying to get him to say a certain thing. I mean, this isn't a promotional thing that we are getting responses. So to me that's that is kind of the core of excitement for me. U but also I think it's we're going to continue to run other tests. You know we're going to have we're going to have every kind of medical approach that we can that's that's reasonable to also put proof behind of you know all those things that that we're doing. And so you've got tests we got medicine you know actual ways to prove it's right. We have ways that people are actually seeing these results in their own life. And then I think we got to play the long game. >> You know, we got to play the long game. I've been around enough people who've changed their diet with real food. And this is real food. This is real food. We've seen people who change their diet with real food where, as we say, little by little, a little becomes a lot, and they begin to change. And it's not just physique, you know, it's brain, and it's thinking, and it's ahas that start to come. So, I think our our plan, I hope we're all into this. I know we are together. We got to be in the long game. >> We just got to go out there and it's blocking and tackling and um we'll see that we'll see it occur. >> Yep. I would just add I think I think the transparency of our company is um appealing really appealing to people in this space because uh you know you we we joked that this is core 7 is for people who do their homework and we expect these types of conversations. We expect resistance. we had serious resistance and that's why we learned what we learned and had to do what we did and so um I you know I I love and welcome those emails and I think that our transparency as a team and um creating this and and telling everyone exactly what we're doing and why we're doing it is another way that we'll hopefully build trust. was I was thinking about this question and I shared when we were preparing I I thought of the business that my family uh was in for a long time. So my greatgrandfather started an automobile dealership, General Motors dealership in 1936 and then my grandfather owned it. My dad owned and operated it. So growing up that's what I did. You know, I'd wash cars and get paid a dollar a car if I wanted to buy a pair of shoes. And think about that. That's a lot of cars to go buy an $80 pair of sho $80 pair of shoes. But >> in my world, you're overpaid. So just watch. >> Yeah, in Idaho on the farm. Oh. >> Um, so but yeah, so I grew up in that world though and then, you know, and cleaning, scrubbing the floors and whatever. But in college, it was a super flexible way for me to generate generate a little income and I could help my dad as he was, you know, it makes me sound old now, you know, it's like a dollar a car. Those were like one of those uphill both way stories. But and then but my internet internet sales were just becoming a thing. You know, these car dealerships were used to people coming in. >> And you test drive the car and you sit down across the desk from the salesman and but the internet was changing that. This is now back in the early 2000s and they were doing starting to do a significant number of transactions through online sales and marketing and getting people that lived hours away finding a car on their lot and then we would deliver it to them and all the things. So my dad had me help him set up all the systems and you know internet tools and so I got exposed to the sales aspect of that industry and it was it was interesting because that industry has earned a negative reputation >> through years of their stereotypical used car salesman scenarios where you know you sit across the desk and they there's a little bit of negotiation that feels like it's dishonest and you know they're holding something back and they tell you they've done the best they can and then they go talk to the manager and somehow they can do better all the things, the pressure tactics. And so people go into that with defenses up. >> And so my dad though tried to change it, right, operationally. He he had a flat commission, which is kind of like your your >> asset management >> asset man asset management business, but a flat commission. So there's no incentive for that salesman to say, "I'm going to sell it for $1,000 more." It didn't matter to them. Yeah. >> He just had a minimum price. He's like, "This is the lowest you can sell this car for. You're going to get paid the same whether you sell it for that or $1,000 more. It doesn't matter." So everybody just sold it for the lowest price. >> And then so I'm in there and I would tell people this like this is how the commission structure works here. Here's the invoice. Like this is how much the dealership paid for this car. Here's the dealer hold back and here's the kickbacks. Like laid it all out for them. They could see everything and they still thought that I was lying to them, you know, because that industry had earned distrust. >> our dealers don't tell the truth. So this paradigm doesn't work. You're still wrong. Yeah. But I think that's, you know, we're kind of in a similar situation. So for us to expect just because we say we have a high quality product and nothing exists that's like it and it's real food and >> we can't expect people to believe us. But I think the things you're talking about whether it's gathering the anecdotes and doing the studies >> and starting to just little by little gain this experience knowing that we're coming from a place of not because we wanted to be in the business of selling supplements because we were in the business of trying to help people. Little by little, hopefully we can start to overcome some of those >> those biases biases. But I think it's going to be fair for people to ask those questions and approach this with skepticism. >> Which I had to remind myself of. >> And Kim, you do this just with your own persona. I mean, you're this way. And and Robbie example on this this um email. >> We welcome it. >> Yeah. I mean really we welcome it because the more we hear, the more we discuss, the better we get, which means this product will continue to evolve to be even better. And so our audience is really our best critic and our best critics are really the best givers of of what we're trying to do. That's they have the greatest gift. >> So we welcome it. >> Okay. So um even so, you know, welcoming skepticism doesn't necessarily mean that we have to agree with all of it. >> Mh. And so why is it that sometimes and and is it okay for intellectually honest, well-educated, evidence-based people to disagree? >> Does that ever happen? And is that appropriate? You know, >> what are your thoughts? >> Of course it does. >> It is. It is a little bit baffling sometimes when you're looking at the exact same set of data and somebody reads it completely differently than someone else. And so um I think yes that happens and yes it will continue to happen. Um and you know there are different frameworks not neither not bad but um yeah >> it happens like whether it's in politics or economics or medicine >> it happens >> even therapy. >> Yeah I mean >> which is kind of part of our business. >> That's right. Yeah. So it it happens all the time and I think it happens also because people get different frameworks, people get have different experiences and so I expect people to you know to disagree and it's okay. It really is. Um the question here always is not just that you can disagree. I think with core core 7 the issue is will you engage? >> It's okay if you disagree perfect example with this doctor but will you engage? And that's where we're seeing we have a a neighbor of course who's also a doctor and you know he's knew that we were doing this and he kind of gave me one of those eyebrows and uh I just got a phone call from his wife saying now I got to get some of the pow little packets you know the sach sach what do they call them sachets >> sachets because we're traveling and I just want to make sure this is with me and I'm like >> you go ask your husband to remember how this whole thing got started. It's because they pushed back and they wanted more knowledge. >> And knowledge is our friend. >> Yeah. Knowledge is our friend. It's our advocate. >> I was sitting on the couch the other night with my daughter who's 13 and with her grandpa and we were talking about we we want one of those little Highland cows, those mini cows. Oh my gosh. Anyway, so we're like looking on, you know, for videos of these little cows and they came across like a miniature sheep and and her grandpa was like, "Look how cute it smiles and it's totally AI." Like it was just an AI video, but he saw it as completely real. Yeah. So he's like, "Look at this sheep." Kennedy smiles smiles at you and she like looks at him and smiles and looks at me and is like, "Uh, can I should I tell him >> what is what is true? >> What is truth?" >> And and sometimes it you I mean I see that so often in this realm of like this is real, this is real. And you kind of like >> should I tell him? Like I love my AG1. Uh should I tell them? you know, and um and so I think that's that's another thing is like the the truth of the truth and the reality of these ingredients. You just can't you you can't um >> can't deny it. >> Can't deny it. >> Your comment, Kim, is so great on truth because one thing that I think most people would agree with, and I'm going to put it way high on that 90%. If we sat down to a meal and we brought in fresh from the garden broccoli, fresh from the garden carrots, you know, delicious corn, you know, maybe it's not just produce, but it's meat and fish just cut from the deep ocean, whatever. And we made this meal with all these great accutrants and as well as spices. People would eat that and feel like you do when we travel, you know, Europe for example, and you just feel so good and you feel that and say that is the fuel that we are packaging. That beautiful meal you just looked at, that's what you're consuming every day. And if people can break it down to that lowest common denominator of the real fuel that we're would love if we could just have that meal every day. I mean, I would love that. Yeah. M >> but it's just so impossible when it's some of it shipped 1300 and 2200 miles away that that most delicious banana. And so that is real and that is truth and I think people feel that versus if they went back into the laboratory and saw them trying to recreate that supplement from that real actual micronutrient coming from food. And so if people will research and people will take the time to learn, I think time is in our in our favor. >> Yeah. It's interesting just that analogy, you know, if we were to create a hierarchy of of, you know, preference for where you get your nutrients and all the the things that your body needs. Of course, the apple from the orchard, the carrot from the garden, the fish from the ocean, that's where we should get most of what we can. everything we can, we should get from those sources. >> If you can't get it there, >> where do you go? You try to supplement, you know, with different things to fill in the gaps. And if you're going to supplement, should you do it with things that are made from those same ingredients or things that are made in a laboratory? Like the same rationale to say the reasons we should get it from food exist for why should we get it from whole foodbased supplements compared to synthetic supplements. And we can go in more into that in a little bit. >> Yeah. But just on this topic of disagreement, I couple more reflections because again this there were many things in this email correspondence that we actually were very aligned on and maybe just misinterpreting it kind of were not understanding in the original critique that we clarified. But um so many times when people disagree I think it's because they maybe have a different um standard that they're using to measure against. You know what I mean? I so maybe to illustrate that like pharmaceuticals they go through before a pharmaceutical drug can be put out they go through largecale multi- often multi-year usually almost always multi-year type R&D with double-blinded placeboc controlled studies with lots of people in them and they come up with some degree of probability or you know to the extent you can maybe I avoid using the word certainty but is our standard certainty based bas on that kind of study with nutritional supplements or should it be something more like you create carry a product like ours and is the standard more like that's comprised of really high quality things and there's ingredient level evidence for all of those things. So you put them together and there's going to be some synergistic things, but you know, can you make decisions based on that ingredient level evidence or what role do anecdotes and real actual people's experience play? >> You know, and so what is the standard that you're using to make a decision with that often is maybe the source of why people might disagree is because they've got different standards that they're using to measure those decisions with. But I think it's interesting in health care because this this area that we're living in both in our mental health business where we're trying to be more more integrative and focus more on like this nutritional or integrative psychiatry approach to lifestyle and behavior and diet change rather than just take another medicine. Um the same holds true with the the nutritional supplement space, right? And I I think of my dad's experience with cancer that we've talked about in the past. And he just in summary, dad diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. We see physicians all over, talk to physicians all over, two different physicians, both at world-class institutions, both world-class training. could not disagree more about the role of nutrition, certain supplementation, certain fasting protocols as it pertained to augmenting the chemotherapy that was recommended. Both well-trained, both had access to all the evidence and they could not disagree more about the role that nutrition and lifestyle and fasting should play in going through that process. And so, is one of them wrong or who are we to judge? And so, you know, what do you try? You you say, "Here's the evidence." and you make a decision, you base it on what works. You base it on all those things. But my point in sharing that is simply to say disagreement does not equate to one thing being bad and the other being good. >> Yeah. I wonder Robbie, I'd love your thought on this. >> They may disagree, but also there is some limit to current research and the exposure that certain people have to current research >> for sure. And as fast as things are changing today, I mean with AI in the world of of research specifically in you know with health and what's affecting the you know the actual body I wonder if we become so dogmatic and we become entrenched and I think what's been fun about our company and fun about this journey is we are sponges. I mean we are constantly trying to >> to learn what else is working and we're looking for real results. We're looking for how it affected a person and not just, you know, an antiquated 10-year-old study, not not dishing the, you know, the the work that's been in the past and not being respectful from all this research, but the world's changing pretty dramatic, very very dramatically. >> Yeah. I mean, the biggest evidence I think of what you're saying is right like most medical training for the past 100 years or whatever, they get very little if any training on nutrition. >> Yeah. And I know that's changing and there's starting to be some some topdown um initiative to say in the United States medical training will include >> more nutrition. >> My son's a good example is he pushed back against a supple thinks and pushing it back. So you know what we're doing and finally he finally came in a very which he is very humble way and said >> I really only had a semester in nutrition. He said all of you know more than I know right now. And that humility is so refreshing. But that's what we're asking for >> when it's learn. >> And it's a fun time that we're doing this too because in right in the age of artificial intelligence, >> we have immediate access to analysis and information. Some of it can be misleading. You got to be careful of course because it can be >> fraught with confirmation bias. But still unprecedented unprecedented levels of of access to really good analysis and data and ability to find research and other things to support different things. So it's been a fun time to try to create something new because >> we have access to these tools and I do think that that's going to change the practice of medicine is going to change dramatically in the coming three to five to 10 years because of AI. >> Yep. even you know certainly knowledge transfer and education and training but even surgery and other things are going to change >> yeah futuristic um probably I don't know if you heard that Elon Musk was saying in the next three years >> we'll have more surgeons that are robotic surgeons than than life surgeons >> because of the level of accuracy we'll get from robotics yeah it's a fun time fun time >> okay so it's okay that smart people disagree doesn't mean one is right one is wrong and and that can the that kind of debate over evidence can lead to really good outcomes if done humbly and honestly. Okay. So, uh I guess we've talked about this. I was going to ask unless you have anything else to add. Why nutrition and is especially prone to disagreement? Do you think we've adequately covered that? >> Yeah, I think so. >> The other thing that maybe is just worth saying there is Kim, you kind of mentioned it. I think I don't know if it was before or after we started recording the conversation, but I think you said it once we started recording. Nutrition's tough because sometimes changes are gradual with nutrition. Sometimes they're pretty pronounced and discernable. Sometimes they're gradual and it's also hard to isolate those variables like what else is going on in your life. Yeah. >> And what do you attribute changes or improvements to? And unless you're a person who's really in tune or you're wearing a Whoop band or an aura ring or a continuous glucose monitor, are you really picking up on the changes that are happening biologically that might manifest themsel in a 10% improvement in your sleep that might add up to a lot of benefit over time? >> How do you perceive that unless you're really monitoring it, really focused on it? It's hard to perceive those things. >> And even if you can perceive it, even if you can prove it, what in what financial incentive is there to help people get a full night's sleep? If there's no product, there's no margin, you know, that you can actually make on that specific product. >> And so the lack of financial incentives, I look at the conflict of interest is where I've had my historical, you know, world in finance. I look at where is the conflict of interest? Where is the incentive? Why is someone selling this? You know, whereas, as you've used many times, the moral margin. And so, not only do you have to have it work, but you got to have the incentive, >> which is a challenge. >> Yep. It's harder to harder to build a billion-dollar business off of broccoli sprouts than it is off of a, you know, a new pharmaceutical. >> Amen. >> GLP-1s or whatever. Yeah. Okay. >> Um Okay. So maybe what I brought up the idea of standards and what standard um I guess the question I have is what standard should we hold the supplement industry too like a product like Core 7 we create it and what is the right standard before somebody uses it? Does there need to be double blinded placeboc controlled studies or can people engage in things that maybe haven't yet met that level of >> clinical research. I never thought of this thought until right now even as we were kind of going through some of these questions. those those individuals who are saying pharma has such a higher standard um are used to the tests and the trials that the pharmaceuticals go through um but at the same time they're also saying that this doesn't apply you know to food I mean this is just food but then they will also say out of that same breath but food is a nut has nutritional value and would find itself self of course as a you know as a multi-nutri micronutrient a phytonutrient it's a it's a chemical it's doing things and so on run regard they may not they don't think we should they don't think we apply to the same standard but at the same time they're saying oh but it is a you know it is something that's that can actually change your health and so you can't have it both ways you know that's interesting it's really it's and so I I don't know if that made as made sense as it did in my mind but to me it's saying it. What is one of the great standards? Because it's food. It's real food. Create it. Take it, eat it, consume it, you know, take those do that dosage and start to see what you what the real reaction is that you're getting. And that's one standard is what is actually happening with those who use our product. I think it's a fair question, excuse me, it's a fair question to ask. And um you know I think about all the like in our business with the clinics where we've got people we're prescribing and we've got well-trained providers who are very careful about trying to identify different different factors in a person's life that might create some kind of ad adverse reaction to a drug that they might introduce that's intended to change them biochemically. It's a it's a drug. They usually carry more severe side effects than do a food >> approach food based approach. But if if if we're talking about foodbased compounds and we're using those, those usually don't unless you've got like an allergic reaction to some kind of food, which is possible for some people, >> but food is generally safe, right? And like you said, and so if there's these things and there's evidence to suggest that you can get certain benefits from a food, why not pursue that and try it? And so it might, you know, and if you don't have a positive benefit from it, then you can move on. But if there's evidence to suggest that it can lead to those improvements and you can get those improvements without needing this kind of pharmaceutical or, you know, chemical that you put into your body that's intended to change your biochemistry somehow. Um, why not try it? And yeah, >> and I know it's it's interesting because you want to say that I I would love to say that all these products in the neutrutical space are held to the same highest level standard of evidence as medicines, but they're just not. And I think there's good reasons that they're not. And I don't think those reasons mean that you should just dismiss them categorically as unhelpful because there's both anecdotal evidence to show that they are. And there's a lot of literature and clinical research to show at an individual ingredient level that vitamin E does this and vitamin C is helpful for that and ashwagandha will do this and saffron will do that and these probiotics will do these things. So I think there's there's a there's a should be an openness maybe to to things that have good evidence even if they're not held to the same standard as the pharmaceutical industry >> in this uh nutritional supplement space. >> Yeah. I don't know if that's helpful but >> um I do think this idea too one of the one of the critiques that was offered was that you know you can't say with certainty uh because of you can't say with certainty that this product is going to have these benefits whether it's mood and emotion or focus and cognitive health or energy and sleep you can't say those things with certainty because they haven't met that clinical standard of you know the pharmaceutical industry but I think what we're going for here is plausibility. It's population level probability, >> right? That that people will have benefits in line with what we've claimed. And I think we can stand behind those because of the the tremendous amount of indiv individual ingredient level research that is found in the core components of this product. And I think that's fair, right? That's what we're going for is we want to give if you take this we can't guarantee that you are going to change your sleep by X amount but nor can medicine >> because everybody's different and you make decisions based on probabilities and plausible outcomes rather than certainty. So we don't intend and certainly don't mean to convey with certainty 100% of the people will have exactly these same benefits but we do say probably you're going to experience those benefits based on what what the research says we've taken on a unique chain I mean a unique challenge and our challenge is is that because of the source because of the research behind each one of our ingredients you can go deep just on an ingredient I mean especially the trademarked ingredients I mean from clinicals to white papers to research that that's been in many different areas. And what we can't do is take the accumulation the accumulation of all those ingredients into one product and be able to make a statement, >> Because the statements are found in each one of those ingredients. >> Yep. But in spite of that challenge, that's actually some of the the drama and the fun of what we're doing because we're we are experiencing them from those individual ingredients and because of the absorption, you know, the higher absorption rate that we get from all these together, we're seeing other benefits. >> Yep. And so that's part of the fun of the journey. >> Yeah, I agree. It's the the thing that we have to be careful of that sometimes we'll get the industry will get critiqued for >> is is you know overclaiming things. >> Yeah. And so we we have to walk a fine line because there's ingredients and lots of benefits to what we believe we'll see people will see here. And we might want to say we might want to say this can help. If you have depression, this can really help you. Or if you have insomnia, this can really help you. We might want to say those things because of what we've we've observed in real people using the product or what the individual ingredient level data says. >> However, we can't. how that is one of the regulatory things we have to navigate is >> we can make these structure function claims such as this will help enhance or improve or support >> you know mood balance or whatever we have to say things like that rather than this can help your depression >> even if we might believe that it will you know >> it's that humility a humility about the limits >> of the certainty and we just have to yeah let them experience it >> but if they research it they'll see that it's in it's happening in those streets yeah >> but That's the fine line that we have to walk is we don't want to overclaim and we also want we don't want to underclaim because there's lots of reasons to believe that these things will help in a lot of different conditions. >> Yeah. And that's what's almost exciting is to see different people walking different lives having different results where whether it it's like my sugar cravings are gone or I don't have to take a nap anymore in the afternoon or I'm dreaming like my sleep level is so deep or I mean it just the list goes on and on to what different individuals you know they are evaluating the supplement according to their own life and what's what's happening and and some of of them I think won't even recognize until they stop taking it and seeing I know for me you know we we sold out which is wonderful but also means like we didn't have it for a little while and and I noticed dramatic differences um during those three weeks that I that I didn't have core in in a myriad of ways but I think as we it's exciting for us to understand all of this but then give it to someone and then they come back, they return and report with I cannot believe this is different and this is different and and this hope and this energy that they feel um that's that's really exciting. >> This was an this was another critique because I shared some of these experiences the anecdotes and I I identified them as anecdotes and I think we might might even be getting to that later but let's do it now. Um, we shared some of these anecdotes in this correspondence with the physician and I I specifically noted a couple. One where a neighbor had been um using the product and and measuring sleep with a his Garmin watch and noted a a significant improvement in the amount of deep sleep or REM sleep that he was getting, >> you know. So, I shared that as an anecdote, not to say this is evidence that everybody, right, >> but it's it's anecdote. We've had other people, you talked about dreams, talk about that. Sleeping deeper and therefore dreaming more. We've had people talk about improvements in in fasting glucose levels. >> As measured by their CGMs. We've talked talked to other people who >> mutated appetite has been so common. Satiated satiated appetite. I mean, very common. >> Yeah. Talking about not feeling as many cravings for different foods. >> And then some that have talked about postpartum depression. Yeah. No, we had that one video testimony from somebody who said they felt like it's lifted them out of this funk. Two or three examples of older people saying they were in a place dealing with some of those mood and emotion issues like depression and this is totally been a game changer for them. So I guess to emphasize in the postpartum depression, it was actually on the fourth child. >> So they've had it numerous times and they said there was no other thing that that this woman has been done doing differently. So yeah, these are strong anecdotes. So I guess my question is what role does that play you know like can we use those should we use those in marketing or is that and telling this to people that are considering this >> is that giving hope or is that misleading because >> there's not enough evidence to suggest that everybody's going to have those same benefits. So I guess that's my question is what role should those anecdotes play in the stories that we're able to share as we now lay this out there for the people to people to see. You know, we've all said this. I think it's shows these are supporting claims. >> It supports the claims that we're taking, but it's not perfection and we have different, you know, like you said about the auto industry, you know, we're so different than the auto industry and not only the conflicts of interest and profits and everything, but we are not we are not >> biologically we're all different lifestyle, genetically, etc. >> Yeah. different DNA and uh we are seeing different benefits but to have that many nutrients going through you and that full of a of a product is going to have different benefits. >> Yeah. It's going to have different benefits. But I think we show through these comments that it's supporting what we're doing. Testimonials are going to be so important, but we're still on a journey. It's not perfection. >> Yeah. And give us time. >> Yeah. It'll come. >> Yeah. And I think it's worth the I think there's two comments. One is I think certainly they're worth gathering. You know, for the same reason a physician is going to ask a patient how they're doing when they start taking a new medication because they want to they want to confirm whether what they've read in the literature and what was told them by the pharmaceutical companies. They want to see in practice >> is that actually happening in the lives of people who are using this medication. Same thing with us with this product, right? We want to find those patterns. So we see okay we've read all these things and this is what the literature says should happen with these ingredients and where are we seeing that manifest and what patterns can we identify and that I think that's both um interesting for us because it's it helps us confirm what we thought but it also will point us to things that we should maybe improve >> emphasize in the future >> improve or pursue and further study to do now we're going to know where we should focus clinical studies if we're seeing patterns of this let's prove that out with more >> in-depth study and then in terms of the role you know, should we share it or not? Is that misleading to people if we share that giving them false hope? I don't know. My where I land on that is as long as we do that honestly without suggesting that everybody's going to have that same result. I want people to feel hopeful. I want them to feel like there's a way that they can improve their sleep and that they can have more energy and that they can not feel so, you know, anxious or depressed. Like I want there to be hope beyond medication because a lot of people have tried lots of medication and they don't like what it does to them. >> Yeah. I hope that when we do share the success stories that we also start to identify maybe patterns. >> You know that in this kind of eating scenario with this kind of exercise they're getting this kind of conclusion and um I think that will be helpful. The one thing that we can't feel too badly about, but whenever you see the advertisements about pharmaceuticals and they tell you what you're taking, they say now it may cause nausea and blindness and death and yeah, you may die, you know, by and you know those kind of disclaimers are coming from things that are in test tubes. And I don't think we have those same disclaimers anyway. That's coming from >> people real food, right? >> Yep. Yeah. You're not going to die from the broccoli sprouts or the saffron that's >> thing >> unless you got a very rare >> Yeah. Yeah, >> something that we've never heard of >> allergies. >> Okay, so um another to keep us keep us moving here. Another thing that he talked about was you you know we most most people that are in a position that can afford to eat well don't need supplements. Um, so why why do people that are in a position to, you know, they live in a community or society where they've got access to food, they've got the means to provide and purchase good food, and they're even disciplined about how they cook and eat. Why do they still struggle nutritionally? Or do they? Any thoughts there? >> Come on, you're a farmer. Tell me, I'm a traveler. I was once a I was once a son of a farmer. Um I I just we've already used the example. >> There is difference between an apple and an apple. >> And not only by how far that apple might come from a long distance to be on your table. So the quality of the apple, but food is not just food. I mean they're not it's not all equal. And people who do travel, you know, I I've spent a fair amount of time in Europe and um it performs that food performs differently. the grains perform differently inside of me than do my wife. And and I think it's hard to get really great quality stuff. Why does organic berries have a double the price, you know, um delta between that and just regular berries? There there's a reason, not only in taste, but also what it's doing your body. So, I think quality um you can do it, but it's it's it's just so hard. And if you did it, it's also so expensive of, you know, expensive as we've talked about in the past. >> I mean, you think about how many people actually know according to their food what nutrients they're actually ingesting and what's being um uh >> absorbed >> absorbed into their body. >> I don't know how you would know that. I mean, unless you were like so >> tracking your macros and your micros all the time. Not just macro like it would have to be to to calculate what is in core 7 in in real food and to know for like my weight, my digestion, my it really is near impossible. I don't know how you would do it and I don't know how you would have a life outside of of calculating your food then >> sourcing it, sourcing it, cooking it, cooking it, storing it. like >> it really I I I don't I do not know one person and I know a lot of healthy people that that actually know that the the to the to the degree of which they would have to to calculate it from core >> what their what their intake is each day. So yeah, >> so I mean there's a there's an element to this question that is just like maybe it's maybe it's theoretically possible but practically it's not >> right >> whether it's because we're just so busy like you're on the go so you can't eat that food that you want to eat. Maybe your mom's gone all day, you know, after breakfast doing this and this and this and this and so can you really eat all the things that you need to in a balanced way every day? Can your kids who are at school, >> can busy professional who's on the road traveling, you know, all those things >> um exist as just practical barriers to getting that ideal diet even if even if it were theoretically possible that most almost nobody does. And maybe they get the vitamins that they need, but you know, think there's in almost mo almost all cases minerals that people are not getting. Certainly, there's probiotics and other things that are helpful for your gut that you're going to get from fermented foods that in most societies people are not getting >> enough of. And then the variety of those things that are helpful. >> And then not to mention like the omega-3s and how how beneficial those are and other compounds. It's like there are things that will help your body functionally um operate better, you know, that'll improve its day-to-day functioning, whether it's the nervous system or immunity or whatever that we just don't get because it's practically impossible or because our soils are depleted and our our crops are not coming out with nutrient the fruit that's as nutrientdense as it once was in times past or whatever or the the food supply chain now, how we get what we get is is compromising some of that nutrient density and quality. So, I mean, for all of those reasons, even though we can get and should try to have a food first mentality, right? >> For sure. For sure. >> Yeah. And and everyone on this team has a food first mentality. I mean, that's just the way we've been trained. That's the, you know, we all, at least I did, had a mother who said, "Eat your vegetables, you know, eat your fruits." And and it's just this dogmatic concept of I got to eat it is what's part of us. You know, we did that little analysis. I know it was AIdriven and we used a couple different sources of AI, but I was just kind of looking at it right here. You know, organic vegetables and fruits >> to get what we have in court. It's about 12 bucks a day. A day is what it cost. Organic proteins, and we're talking fish as well as eggs and liver and other things, $8 a day. The nuts, seeds, grains, about $4 a day. Functional mushrooms, I don't even wake up and say, "Hey, where's my functional med mushroom I'm going to eat today?" you know, things like herbs and oils that are so important, $10 a day. Fermented and probiotic foods, $4. So, when you add that all up, and we're not just saying we're getting those ingredients, we've been so conscious and so conservative of of saying now again, you know, organic fish may not be the same as just regular fish. I mean, what are we trying to get? What are we getting our sources? So, we have globally sourced this, but again, this is just buying these ingredients, $38 a day, >> and it says up to $45 a day. And this is again, it's AI, but it's taking what we actually have in a scoop broken down to the very essence of all of those products and consuming it on a daily basis. It's um and I think I said this earlier, not only is it cool for me to think that we've created this and how successful this team has been, but I was looking at some of the competitors that are all using synthetics, IM, IM8 and AG1, and looking at how much volume you get in each package and it's ranging between I think 11 12 to like 13 grams for I think um IM8 was less, AG1 was was a little bit more >> and what's comparing to our bag for one month for 30 scoops at almost well a little over 20 grams. So there's not only are we um in that same ballpark in pricing and not near the margins as we all know, but we're actually getting more content per scoop at a less expensive price. >> Of much higher quality. I don't know. It's just compelling. >> Yeah, >> it really is compelling. >> Yep. >> I love it. So yeah, so I guess in summary like probably we shouldn't feel guilty about or we shouldn't shy away from the idea that supplementation, nutritional supplementation >> plays a critical role. And it it can and it should because practically speaking um very few if any of us are getting all the things that would help our bodies function as they are capable of functioning. Yeah. >> Okay. So can we just go into a minute um at a summary level for a minute at a summary level what are the problems that we're actually trying to solve with this product because this can be again the source of debate you know people >> mis if they misperceive what we're trying to do they might have different critiques but let's talk about what we are trying to do with this product what were the problems that we were seeking to solve >> well I think that what we just talked about is like one of the biggest ones of we're filling the gaps for people nutritionally >> in a way that has never been done before and in a way that the body recognizes as good. And so I know as a mother, you know, you worry about what your kid what you are am I giving them what they need? Um, am I teaching them, you know, you you think about it in in spiritual and mental all the ways, but physically like I gave them life, but am I sustaining it for them? Like, am I able to give them the things and and then their own little habits and bodies have, you know, I want to eat the Skittles for breakfast. I don't want I don't want this thing you're trying to make me eat, Mom. And and so I think that having something that you can I can feel so good about giving them to fill those gaps, not just for myself, but for them is that's that's probably the biggest issue that it solves for me personally. And I think that it's solving for a a large um part of the people that they are so excited for the kids product um for that reason because it is it is a tough battle to fight right now for our kids. >> So filling the gap like the nutritional gap that exists between what's ideal and what's real in real life >> and simplifying it. So that would be a second one like doing it in one thing rather than saying I've got to take these four or five six things to get my omegas and my probiotics and my my vitamins and minerals and whatever else >> because I've tried that. I've tried the okay you're going to take this and then you're going to eat this gummy and then you're going to swallow this and then right >> it's impossible. It really is. And maybe it's just my kids, but then you run out of the Omega and then you run out of this and you have to reorder that and it's it's just maddening to you. You you give it your very best effort and it's just, you know, it's an uphill battle on every front. >> I think it's fatiguing, too. Yeah. Yeah. you get worn out. And as I've been on my own little journey, and I think the other thing besides being worn out, I'm kind of a habit guy, >> you know, and what I've loved here recently, I don't want to tip the curtain up too much, but uh we've had Kim and some of members of our team looking at other ways to consume core. >> Yeah. And and for a simple habit, you know, I've just I I can drink it. And people some debate the taste, but we're finding many ways that core can be added, you know, to a protein drink or can be added to what was the the a pudding. Would you pudding? Chia pudding. >> Yeah, we added it to And it it is so delicious. >> I can't wait to share that recipe. So >> And so I go back to not that part of the solution, but I go back to a habit. Give me a habit. I want to be I'm I'm a I'm just a creature of habit and I function that way. You know, get those critical things done and focus on the more meaningful part of life. So, I love that as well. >> So, kind of creating habit, removing complexity, simplifying it, filling those nutritional gaps, doing it with real high quality stuff that you feel confident in, you know, your body will really use. And the other thing that I would note that was highlighted in the interaction with the physician was he was comparing it to uh saying you know you really don't need something like this because you can just take a product like Centrum which is a multi good multivitamin synthetic multivitamin but it's a common multivitamin and um they're different purposes right like one is designed for >> filling some um vitamin and mineral deficiencies or closing those gaps and this is designed to do that and provide a whole bunch of functional benefits. that will help your body and your nervous system function better. And so it's about functional impact, not just filling some gaps was kind of the other problem we're trying to solve. Whether that was things that we observed in um people at our addiction recovery business is kind of where it started. Seeing some of the benefits people can get from diet, nutrition, supplementation into our depression, anxiety treatment into just our family lives with energy and immunity and getting through flu season and whatever else. >> So and improving sleep and all those things. So, this is aimed at those types of functional enhancements to your day-to-day life, not just closing those those essential but limited um vitamin and mineral gaps. >> Would you say Robbie and Kim both those functional benefits that they're getting are not just for the anomalies now, >> Because of the the broad need that we have in this whole, you know, population, people need those functional benefits on a common level now. >> Yeah. where they once were just for when maybe more of an anomaly. >> Yeah. All of us can. >> Yes. >> Deeper sleep is good for all of us. Better energy is something and focus is something that we can all >> be really happy to have. >> Exactly. >> And I love that it also supports all of the what people feel like is new research on longevity and all of these things. I had some teenagers at our house and I had him try it and one of them, one of the boys was like, "Does this have um ashwagandha in it?" And I was like, "Yeah, it does." And he was like, "What?" And he's like, "Does it have probiotics in it?" I was like, "Yeah, it does." I was like, "Who are you listening to?" And his mom is a nutritionist. And and so, um, he was like naming all of these things above and beyond just the regular multivitamin things. And he was like, "Whoa, whoa." Um, and I just thought that was really, really fun. Really fun. He was super excited about it. He's like, "And it tastes good." >> Well, and that that highlights another thing that this is actually intended to solve, right? And that is when somebody who is really thinking critically about all of these things and really studying, you know, what should I be doing to function optimally to >> to enhance my longevity or my health span or whatever. >> You're going to come up with a long list. >> Yeah. probiotics. You're going to come up with some some adaptogens or things like ashwagandha or saffron or probiotics or amino acids and creatine and protein and vitamins. You're going to come up with a long list. And then if you go try to source high quality versions of each of those things, not only is it complex, it's expensive. >> Right. And so that was one of the other problems we solved when we started to create this or we tried to we had in our criteria, right? We said this has to has to be something that's simple people will enjoy using and it can't it has to be accessible for families because if you try to get them to buy all those things the highest quality version of those things individually they're going to spend >> like $300 to $400 maybe $250 to $350 per person in a family to get those things. >> And that wasn't sustainable. So we said we've got to come up with a way to make that more affordable which we hope we've done. And you mentioned, excuse me, you mentioned complexity. Complexity kills compliance. >> Complexity causes again fatigue. And so to make it simple, increases compliance, increases effectiveness. >> Yep. I love it. Okay. Um, is there anything else we want to say? Maybe worth in summary fashion. We talk about this being a higher quality product. What do we mean by quality? Well, I'm going to this is one thing that we've talked about, but just to emphasize again, there's the quality that's measured by how much of an ingredient you get, and there's a quality by where do you actually get the ingredient >> and I think we're fighting a little bit both by >> by what's going on in the, you know, the u the whole um supplement world >> because as far as compliance or I should say, excuse me, um quality, we're deeper in quality. because we're not doing the sprinkling with doing is so common and it's common because people want that in their whatever they're taking. >> Put a label claim on the ingredient. Yeah. And in spite of that um they can claim it if they just sprinkle a little bit there because it's it's true. It's in it. >> But also the quality of what we've really spent time on doing global sourcing, you know, is another side. So I kind of see both is kind of what our story is. Mhm. There's a quality an element to quality that's that's points to efficacy and dosing >> and then there's an element of sourcing as well like where are you getting those things from? >> Anything you would add, Kim? >> No. >> And and I think the more that we've learned, I wish there was more literature on this topic. >> There's some and then there's there's some that's intuitive, right? like am I going to is my vitamin C better in the form of an apple versus that little orange tasty capsule or chewable that I have? You know, where would I rather get it? It's better in the apple. So, if we can get that out of an apple with all the co-actors surrounding the reasons that it's packaged and delivered better in an apple and put that in supplement form, that's better than that synthetic vitamin C. So, that rationale carries through all of these ingredients. >> Yeah. Would you also say that we've not only looked at how much vitamin C, we've also looked at absorption rates, absorption rates, and other factors of vitamin C and other places to get that vitamin C. >> And where we can get the the higher content and quality of vitamin C from other >> other fruits. >> Yeah. Like a cherry. >> Cherry. Yeah. >> And I wish this is where like there's there's emerging literature and evidence. There's some that gives us enough confidence to say this is true. this is a real thing. But there's not overwhelming amounts of evidence on this particular topic to go out and, you know, say, "I'm going to die on my sword in front of a physician to say this is the most evidence-based thing." There's enough to know that there's benefit and you can point to those things with certain vitamins. And then some of it's just intuitive. Like, >> is it better coming from a whole food source or from a lab? >> Yeah. Not to be circular, but this is where we say do your research. have that discovery when someone finds out what our vitamin C is and they say have that aha experience. It's like this is just not vitamin C, >> And I think honestly when we started diving into this, I was frustrated knowing how much money I had wasted on >> Yeah. and knowing that I had spent on not for myself but my whole family and seeing that like I was thinking I was doing so much good but I really did waste a lot of money because I didn't understand these truths. >> Yeah, that's a great concept. That's a great thought. So, one of the one of the other things that came out in this dialogue with the physician was he I think he without again reading into the label, he didn't at first take the time to really dive into it, but >> he saw this all-in-one comprehensive thing and I think he interpreted the fact that we have all of these ingredients. So, he interpreted breadth as quantity of dosing, thinking that we were giving trying to deliver multiples of what your recommended daily value might be for these products. And his comment was the body can only absorb so much. And so that was a critique. And he's like, "Products like this deliver more than the body can absorb." And he was he was gracious in kind of receiving the feedback that actually this is designed to deliver >> exactly what it means. >> Yeah. In most cases, right at 100% of the daily value. There's plus or minus a little bit in some areas for intentional purposes, but um you know unlike other multivitamins and things where you're going to get thousand% of your vitamin C, his comment was he said that is just nonsense because you just it just passes through your system. We said we actually agree with you, which is why we said we want breadth for functional impact and quality for absorption rather than giving you a super mega dose of anything claiming that you're getting more of it to get more benefit from because we agree with him there. Um, okay. We've talked about sprinkling. We've talked about why this all-in-one approach matters for just real life, you know, because you mentioned the idea of like complexity kills compliance and and decision fatigue, trying to figure out what should I do and what should I take and that just is overwhelming. Why um Kim, maybe you start with this one because you've played such a critical role in this in both leading the content but also organizing our ability to deliver the content. why um are we placing emphasis on making this an ecosystem of support and maybe describe what that means even rather than just selling a supplement. Why was that important to us? Um, so we what we offer when someone subscribes to Core 7, they also have access to our nutrition group coaching and our mindfulness group coaching and our dropin calls, which are an array of topics that support all things health, but also support you in how you're using Core 7 and how to really get the most um bang for your buck. that when we um created I I remember specifically specifically having a conversation of like nobody else does this that I don't know any other supplement company that when you sign up you also have this personal touch of like there's real people really trying to create real change with you and um I I remember us questioning like is it worth it like is it are we wasting ing our time? Are we wasting money trying to create an ecosystem where people don't maybe they won't maybe they just want the product and they don't really care. Um, and we had lots of very wonderful conversations about we have seen way too much research tell us that people change with people and that if you can get someone to make a a connection of a a human connection, they they're their rate of change will increase dramatically. So, we said that that's what we're about. We don't we don't just want to sell a supplement. We want to change people's lives. And so, we created this ecosystem. And um we've been doing we've been teaching them for years. We've been teaching the workshop for years, but never just opened it up to all the subscribers. So, we just barely um were in the middle of our first kind of open subscriber mindfulness workshop. And I cannot tell you how much energy it gives me to see these people come and and have all of these aha moments of like this is I've never thought about breath that way. I've never thought about how much my breath impacts how stressed I feel all day long. and making those changes along with taking the supplement is just creating this beautiful like cocoon of change, right? Like we're we're just >> cocoon of change. I love it. >> It feels like people come and they're just blossoming in this in this space and learning and growth and that is exciting. That is exciting. Um that makes me that's why I love my job. It really is. >> Kim, you say that with so much energy. But I think uh for those who are in these classes, it's one thing to be taught truth from a teacher. It's another thing to be taught truth from someone who's received that truth, who's practiced that truth, and a really an example of that truth. And when you teach, you teach with just tremendous authenticity. And so does, you know, Jessica who's teaching with you. And I think that's what's great about this little enterprise is none of us around the table thinking, "Oh, do I have to drink my core today?" You know, I mean, do I dare do this? I mean, everybody is drinking from the punch bowl and they can't wait to go back for seconds. And that's with the trainings, that's with the educational programs, that's with coaching, long-term support, and uh that's why that's why this will work. It's the real deal. Yeah, it's probably an imperfect analogy to call call the the nutritional product a Trojan horse. Maybe that's conveys the wrong image, but it kind of is. Like our goal is not just our goal is not to sell a ton of supplements. Our goal is to help people make changes in their lives so they're able to be healthy and have energy and be stronger mentally and physically so they can spend their time on the things that matter most to them. >> Right. The Trojan horse is the right example. It's okay to know it takes strategy. Yeah. To turn people around. >> And to change and it requires strategy because there's a lot there's a lot of headwinds >> that we're all fighting against to not change. >> And that is really that is the genesis of this whole thing. Right. the genesis >> the seeking and the iterative ways that we've done so as a as a team whether it's working with companies or in addiction recovery trying to disrupt that industry now mental health industry and now you know the coaching work that we've done and and creating all these classes and now trying to make these classes and group coaching experiences available to people based on the principles that we've seen help people succeed >> um make those available to people that purchase this product it just goes to the core of what we're trying to do and that is I think elevating the role of of nutrition and lifestyle behaviors that are not a medicine first mentality. We want to we want to elevate the role of those things in the kind of collective psyche of I think the communities that we live in and in the health care system. And so we don't feel like we have to go to a doctor for everything or need a medication for everything if there are things that we can impact ourselves and then use those experts in places where they have really unique expertise in helping solve really entrenched problems. But >> your comment reminds me of how much success we saw in structured environments >> with the addiction recovery. I mean I think if people actually knew and of how successful that one I'm going to call it now an experience or experiment was they would say why are you not doing that it was so successful but we have to take something and scale it to where we can do it in unstructured environments >> we have to and that's from nutrition to coaching to just creating that full >> ecosystem and I was so excited to hear how today went >> you know with this broader group I can see those being just jammed wall to wall. >> With people wanting to get into those, you know, into those great sessions. >> So, >> thrilling. That's Yeah, it is. It's exciting. I'm always a little bit envious that like I don't get to do more of those things. I get relegated to spreadsheets and PowerPoint presentations. Well, I think if you if you want a group of people to give you every opportunity to change, like if if you are if you are someone who recognizes that you have um some nutrition issues, some nutrient issues, some some nutrition, you know, you don't really know what you're supposed to eat or when you're supposed to eat it and and you're not really sure how to supplement or why you need certain vitamins and minerals. Um, and and you subscribe because you're like, "Oh, I want to I want to drink. Like, I I I need that. I need that." You subscribe. You start drinking it. You start feeling better. You have more energy. You're sleeping better. Then you jump into Tana's nutrition class. You learn about your circadian rhythm. You learn about the gut brain axis. You learn about from this little ball of energy. We all love Tana so much. >> And then you start implementing those changes. And then you think, "Oh, maybe I'll join that mindfulness." Like, I I've never meditated before, but I hear it's good for you. You jump into that. I mean, there is every opportunity for you to have a complete health transformation with Impelis. And that's why I that's what I get excited about is because it really is so much different than any offer that that you're going to get with any other supplement company. I would invite Kim, you and then Robbie, somehow we need to work this into what we're doing even right now. I believe your success rate increases and your level of adherence to these changes will also increase the more you can go through this process and find a friend to take with you. H >> I think the power of of making this from what we've done with great products and great you know initiatives to actually more of a movement is that they recognize the power of going through this with another person or two people or with their community >> will actually make the great with the family as a perfect part of that community will make the greater impact. So it's a little bit of a maybe I'm making a charge here and a little bit of an invitation. We need to make that part of every presentation. Who are you bringing along? You know, there's that old German adage um only that that you share you keep. >> And I believe that sincerely in all elements of life. If you're willing to share it, >> you're going to keep it. It's true in life. It's also true with a great recipe. >> And so, um let's invite people to you've enjoyed this experience, bring somebody with you tomorrow. And what what else what is a awesome as well is that you've I have found friendships develop within these cohorts. >> Oh yeah. >> And that is that is fun. That is fun to see the same people showing up over and over connecting with each other supporting each other sharing with each other and there so if you are feeling like I don't know who to invite start and find your people >> especially in a world that's battling the loneliness epidemic. So, what a great what a multiffactorial reason why we need to make this part of every presentation, every event. >> That's so true. I mean, anytime like if you're if you're doing a race, if you're doing a marathon, it's you do way better if you're training with a friend. >> Or a spouse or somebody else or you know what I mean? It's just a true principle. Mh. Yeah. >> And that's kind of what I love about how we've tried to approach this is a lot of the conversation today has been about what's the right standard of evidence and and a lot of our answers have been kind of well it's different in different categories but ultimately we've come about this a lot from the bottom up. >> Yeah. by saying what have we actually experienced that's worked with people whether it's been in coaching relationships that Kim and others have been on on our team or it's been in our addiction recovery or our clinics where have we identified patterns that actually work yeah >> with nutrition with coaching and lifestyle changes and let's create some way to make that more accessible to everybody in a way that they can use it more simply more affordably and have these benefits every day in their homes and that's really what we've tried to do and then fortunately you know along Along the way, we've tried to gather the evidence and and support it. But, >> um, practical solutions based on real results is kind of how this is >> originated, which is a fun fun way to do it. >> These podcasts are fun because we get out of the weeds when we're in there laboring every day and say, "Oh, man. I can see a little bit of the rise and look what look what's happening." And you go back in the weeds. >> Yeah. to get out of the weeds on this one. I think the first invitation to even go through this summary experience we've had today should be to the doctor. >> You should send him a note and say, "Thank you for the gift and uh here's the result of some of those learnings that we've had because of what what what would you say are some of those learnings?" So, what can we learn from this ex interchange? You guys have read through that dialogue and we've talked about it a handful of times, but you know, he was ultimately at the the conclusion of it just generous and kind and humble and and expressed admiration for the product even as he better understood what it was trying to do and how it was designed and how we priced it relative to what others do in the industry. And he came back and kind of said, you know, I probably missed the mark in my critiques. said this is seems like a really great product and I applaud you guys. >> Um >> number one for me because you did it so well. I mean again I saw the dialogue. I was on the emails. They were going back and forth. I think um we invite people to have really thoughtful consideration. >> There's so much anger. There's so much debating over everybody's speaking. You know there's I mean we see it on on every channel and every news program. But just have some thoughtful consideration and be open-minded to read the research. >> And that's one for me that is a takeaway. And as you do that, remember you're with call us a friend, call us an ally. Please call us a friend uh first. I said friend first because we're on this path for the long game. I mean, we're we're going to go the distance on this and it's going to take people committed to the long game >> to make to have an impact. >> I love it. Yeah. that thoughtful dialogue it will we'll find more discoveries if we're willing to engage >> transparently honestly constructively uh in things that we disagree on that kind of debate if it's done humbly usually leads to better >> outcomes >> outcomes yeah exactly >> so yeah any other reflections >> from either of you >> I think the one that you've said you keep pushing me on this area because I get so excited you know and I know Kim knows this but Um, we can't overclaim, you know, we can't be too bombastic. And when I know that I'm getting deeper realm and I haven't I've been not been having dreams for many years and now I'm like, in fact, I was talking to my son about it. He says, "Dad, you had to record those dreams and get AI to >> interpret them." >> Interpret those, you know, and I'm thinking, "Wow, what a great idea." But we can't overclaim, but we do need to share results. >> Yeah. We need to have a platform where we can share and let people who are sharing those results which are real people let them let them document it and let it let there be this plethora of of results that people can kind of comb through. So use our own research. I love that. And it's not it's not over claiming. Sharing is not overclaiming. Sharing is trying to >> give people, you know, maybe a new idea. It's trying to inspire a little bit of hope. It's constructively saying like these are patterns we're seeing. Let's try to validate that. I love I do love that you mentioned having a way to communicate that like a forum like this that allows us to share some of those things is >> is helpful and and it's not going to change the industry over time. You know, this distrust that exists and skepticism that exists, but >> hopefully little by little, >> yeah, consistency. >> Yeah. consistently sharing and trying to gather the evidence and having documenting good outcomes can start to, you know, increase and elevate that role of nutrition and lifestyle change in healthcare and in people's mentality about how to approach better health. >> I I loved the um progression to curiosity that happened through each kind of dialogue. >> Um whereas it was kind of like no, these things are true. No, this is how it is into this kind of like oh maybe there are things I don't understand or didn't didn't you know know or and so I for me you know whenever I I welcome like we've said we welcome people's perspective and I would hope that that um that it leads to an openness and a curiosity that creates um them wanting to try it and to be curious about how it will affect their own bodies and how these things we're not saying it's perfect or or that we've done created a perfect product but we are saying this is very very very good and we'd love for you to try it. >> It's a step forward for sure. >> And I think reciprocating that curiosity and humility, right? like not saying we have it all figured out, but >> we not only do we need to hope people will have that as they engage with us. We need to have it as we engage with them to say >> maybe somebody's going to say something that will help us >> improve this over time and and add something to it or change something to it that will make it better for people. >> But I think that kind of humility is ex was as was exhibited by >> this this good doctor um we should exhibit the same. Yeah. >> Yeah. Well said. >> Yeah. Let let the evidence and I'm going to use you as an example, Kim. Kim did not grow up on a ranch, by the way, or a farm because I know where she was was when she was young and growing up. But you are such a believer of that quality of life because of evidence. Evidence has been has allowed you to evolve and um evidence does that. evidence when you have that aha feeling and you're thinking I'm actually getting something from what I'm doing it tastes good not just tastes bud good you know it's physically emotionally spiritually everything else it feels good and so I think we got to point to the evidence and allow evidence to aid us all to evolve and when we do that um we're going to this gonna be a movement >> I love it >> in conclusion is there anything you know if somebody's listening to this who falls into that category of skeptic um that you would want to impart that you haven't been able to share yet any insights. >> I can go a little let me I'll say something while you're thinking. >> Uh as I was thinking about this episode I just went back to the thing that we say as we introduce every podcast episode which is our goal. I can't even remember it now. But you know, essentially all of us innate within us have the ability to be healthy and resilient if we know how to use and fuel and rest our bodies in the right ways to unlock those capabilities. And um I hope that this just sparks curiosity to say that's that's real. Like we've observed that. And we're not saying that in every case you can avoid, you know, intense medical interventions. those things are needed and important and life- saving and all those things. And um the bodies that we've been blessed with are miraculous and so resilient and there's an increasing number of resources out there to know how to navigate and harness some of those innate capabilities. You know, we're learning more and more about some of these different whether it's meditation and mindfulness practices or breath work or nutrition, you name it. But especially with in the day and age of artificial intelligence, so much of that knowledge is accessible to us if we're willing to ask a few thoughtful questions and seek out a few trusted resources. And there's just things out there like I I would even quick shout I don't know if they have an Instagram account. If they do, we'll tag it, but nutritionfacts.org with Dr. Michael Greger. Oh yeah. like oh you know so much good research gathered about the role food and compounds like we have in core 7 can play >> in different um aspects of health >> and so just take a little bit of time to research is kind of what I would say and use the tools that make research easier and um and and try to really tap into some of the capabilities that are innate within us because we were designed to be healthy and strong. >> Yeah, that's that's beautiful. It's great. >> Yep. Kim, >> I was just going to say that oftentimes our skepticism really teaches us about ourselves and if we can get curious about what what actually is it that is making me skeptical and hopefully we answered some of those questions today, kind of answered some of that as to, you know, why the skepticism around this industry. But um if we if we're if we're honest and curious and spend some time in like what is it that I'm really after? What is it that I really want? I think we'll find some some very open clear answers as to why course 7 actually does ring true. >> I love that. Very simply, um the old adage, the the answers lie within. M >> you know I can be totally caught up in a complex issue and spend a moment in nature you know a moment in where things are so simplistic sitting by a a you know a little stream or a brook and sometimes all the fog will start to go away and I'll find out this is really much simpler than I made it seem to be and of course you know teaching our own model of impelis and and this this whole idea of need to culture spirituality and whether you find that in meditation, mindfulness, nature or believe, you know, in in God as I do. Um, I know the answers lie within and we're faced with so many solutions if we'll just slow down and see that it was right in front of us. It's right in that piece of broccoli, you know, or it's in that banana or it might be in something that's coming from somewhere else in the world, but now in this micronutrient package that we call core 7. So, the answers lie within. Let's play the long game. Let's uh let's change the world. >> Well, thanks for taking time, Kim, driving down from Idaho to be with us and taking time to record this conversation. I hope it's helpful to you. Um Core 7 is it was sold out after our soft launch in November. It's now back in stock and available in a big way and we're excited to share it with you. If you do want to try it, you can use uh discount code podcast for a a discount on your purchase and we hope that it's benefit uh to you. Please share your experiences with us. We love to learn from you and we appreciate you taking time to be with us and listen to this episode today. >> Unlock your inate for health core conversations. Conversations

- 5 Shocking Mistakes 90% CA Inter Students Make😱| Avoid These Errors to Clear CA | CA Jasmeet Singh: Kind: captions Language: en Hello hello how are you all? I hope everyone is doing great. Friends, I am your friend, your mentor CA Jasmeet Singh and owner. By looking at the thumbnail you must have come to know that we are going to discuss five mistakes that 90% of the CA Inter students make and which cost them their attempt. Sir, today's era has a lot of information in it. Abundance of content is available to you. Be it educational content , be it reels, be it social media, there is a lot of content available. And many children commit these mistakes without even wanting to and they do not even have an idea that what have they done and then they have to pay the price for it in their next attempt. So if you are going to write your exam in September or January 27 or May 27 or anytime in the future if you are going to write CA Inter exam then you have to avoid these mistakes. So that you can fulfill your dream of becoming a CA as soon as possible. Right? So if I talk about the first mistake, then many children become careless and do not attempt RTPS and PYQs. See, if you are going to write the CA Inter exam, then it is said that brother, at least according to me, if I talk about RTPs, then at least you have to do the RTP of the last five to six attempts. This is non-negotiable. If you do more than this, it is a very good thing. But Sir, our question bank has RTPs, VTPs, everything. Are there. But still you have to do RTPS of last five to six attempts. How is RTPs done? Once you have completed your entire syllabus, then pick up RTPs one by one and start solving RTPs questions. When you do RTP, it is for a particular chapter in the question bank. So in the revision test paper from LETS which ICAI is issuing you, you have questions from every chapter. So once your syllabus is complete, pick up the RT-PCRs of the last five to six attempts and solve those RT-PCRs and see whether your brain is working or not. Is he able to handle the question or not? This has to be done. It is non-negotiable. Apart from this, you have to solve the previous year questions of at least last three to four attempts. You have to solve these on your own. Have to solve it. Right? That means, before reaching the exam hall, check yourself whether you are able to solve the exam papers in 3 hours or not. So you have to do at least three-four PYQs. Right? This is your non-negotiable. Apart from this, the second mistake that many students make is depending fully on the teachers. It is dependent on teachers, sir. It is completely dependent on the teachers. If the teacher provides revision video then we will revise. Sir please give me the revision video. Please give me the amendment video, sir. Sir, that RTP has arrived. Sir, please get the RTP solved. That MTP has arrived. Get the MTP solved sir. Look, the teacher has provided you the entire content inside the class. If ICAI brings RTP then that RTP is ideally for you. You have to solve it. The teacher will provide the video. But you have to watch that video only after you have solved the RTP once. You are stuck on some question. For that you have to take the help of RTP video. It is not that we are poking the teacher saying, Sir, if you give us RTP then we will do it. You are not getting it done, some other teacher is getting it done. We will do it with him. So son, it is your loss. There is no loss to the teacher. The teacher has passed the exam. He has become a CA. If you become dependent on the teacher that if the teacher does something then we will do it. If the teacher does not do anything then brother, our attempt will be accepted. It's not like that brother. You have to be proactive. Unless you are proactive, you will not get any benefit. If children would have passed just by attending lectures, then the result of Intermediate would not have been 9-10%. Many children are watching lectures, marathons, revision videos. Isn't it ? So they all pass, right? Only those children are passing who are studying on their own. The videos that are given to you on YouTube are for help. You cannot depend on the fact that if we get the revision video then only we will be able to pass, otherwise we will not be able to pass. Brother, you have been taught the content in class. 180 hours, 200 hours, 250 hours of content delivered to you. Complex provisions have been broken. Examples have been given. You please revise them. Unless you do self-revision, you will face problems in your attempt. You will face the difficulty in the exam hall. Because you have not taught your mind to work hard. You asked the teacher to solve the RTP. The teacher was solving RTP. You saw the RTP video. When did you use your brain? You did not use your brain even in the class because you were studying in the class for the first time. So the teacher was using his brain. The teacher was explaining to you. You heard it. Now it was RTP's turn to practice on their own. It was PYQ's turn to practice on their own. So you told a sir, sir please provide the video. Ma'am please provide the video. You didn't use your brain, friend. This is where the problem lies. What I say may sound harsh. But this is the truth. It's not that we do n't give you RTP videos. We don't make you do PYQs or we don't make you practice. A lot of our content also appears on YT. We also understand our responsibility. We also give you that content. But relying only on that content is a big mistake. You will have to do self study. You do not have any other alternative to self study. There is no revision strategy after this. Just being read. Are being read. Look, every child is different. Every child is different. Every child will have his own revision strategy. For example, suppose you are good in practicals but not so good in theory. So your revision strategy will be different. Whereas, the one who is good in theory but not good in practical, his revision strategy will be different. Like I was good in practicals so what did I do ? I used to focus more on practicals and I had to get exceptions in practicals. I want 65-70 marks there because no matter how much I study theory, I know that my score will not go above 45-50. So I used to read the theory so much that I would reach the borderline there. I would score 45-50 and do the practicals well enough to get an exemption. So that there is no problem in making my aggregate. So you will have to make your own revision strategy. You even become dependent on the master for revision strategy, saying, Master, give me the revision strategy, Master, give me the revision strategy. Hey brother, you must have your own revision strategy. You know how much you know about which chapter. The master does n't know anything. The master doesn't know anything. Now brother, some child may be getting good capital gains. No child understands capital gains well. Someone knows residential status well. No one knows residential status well. Some people understand the basic concepts well, some do not understand the basic concepts well. So you know what your strong point is, right ? What is a weak point? Your revision strategy will be made automatically. You can take help from the teacher. But you should make your revision strategy. You know what your caliber is. You will be able to do two revisions, you will be able to do three. This is for you to decide. So make a proper revision strategy. After this watching to many strategies. Sir, please give me motivation. I am not getting motivation sir. Give me motivation. How much motivation do you need brother? I will give it to you. I will give it in this video also. Your parents have a lot of expectations from you. They feel that our child will study and become a CA tomorrow. It will improve the financial conditions of our house. There are a lot of expectations. There are many dreams connected. What more motivation do you need? Look at your father, how hard he works. Leave in the morning and come home at night. He doesn't tell you his problems. We are making every possible effort from our side to ensure that you get the best possible facilities. We can get better and better classes. You [nasal sound] might end up with some problem. Look at mom, she works from morning till evening. She is moving around you. She is cooking food and giving it to me. She is washing your clothes. Everything is being provided to you. Do it for them, friend. What motivation do you need? What greater motivation do you have than your parents? Do n't chase too many strategies. I listened to the strategy of teacher A, I listened to the strategy of teacher B, I listened to the strategy of teacher C, I listened to the strategy of teacher D. You will keep listening only to strategies. You will get into trouble, friend. After this, studying without test. Sir, whatever topics you keep studying, you will have to give the test on that topic. Remember why you didn't get in trouble in school ? Because there were unit tests in school. It used to happen half yearly. Then there were unit tests. Then the final would take place. So tests were conducted every few time periods. I used to know your syllabus bit by bit. And then the entire syllabus was covered in the final exam. So you kept testing yourself by reading a little bit. That 's why you never failed in school life, in academic life. But when you come here, you immediately think that no, I will directly go and write the CA Inter exam. So, king, son, it is not like this. Cricketers, players and athletes also practice so much. That's why he is able to perform well in the main match. So you are also an athlete. You're an athlete with academics. So you will also have to practice. You will have to give tests for two or three chapters that are coming your way. We take your bi-weekly test at PW, right? You are tested for every subject every 15 days. So you have to take those tests. That is non-negotiable. Even if you give it two on one with half-hearted preparation. You will study a little due to fear of the test and if you are not giving the test then you are making the biggest mistake. Right? So these are the mistakes that you have to make, sir? You have to avoid it. So that you do not face any problem or difficulty during the CA Inter exam. Right? I wish you all the very best. I wish you all the best for your CA inter journey. Right? You will keep getting similar strategy videos. The comment box is open. Please do comment and tell us what you liked. Which thing are you going to implement? Write it down and go. See, what happens by writing is that it feeds into the mind that I have to do this. So do comment in the comment section that you will avoid these mistakes. You will work hard. Right? I apologize if you found anything in my video offensive. Ok? Bye-bye see you. Take care. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KiratPreetSingh-n9p [6 likes]: Jassi sir ko board pe dekh ke Ankit sir ki yaad aagyi 😅😅
  2. @junedislam001 [1 likes]: dhanyawaad maalik
  3. @Shahina-o7k [1 likes]: Thank you sir, I'll try my best.
  4. @caintermediatebypw: ◼CA Inter Batch Links 👇-

✅CA Inter Udesh Fastrack Sep 26 Group 1
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/sfg4kvcd

✅CA Inter Udesh Fastrack Sep 26 Group 2
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/1we5a4ei

✅CA Inter Udesh Fastrack Sep 26 Group (1+2) combo
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/9g3tk7ue

✅CA Inter Udesh Regular Jan 2027 Group 1
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/nkfmw697
✅CA Inter Udesh Regular Jan 2027 Group 2
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/z205gh9x
✅CA Inter Udesh Regular Jan 2027 Group (1+2) combo
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/mpjrg51q
✅CA Inter Pro Udesh Regular Jan 2027 Group 1
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/zftpynkm
✅CA Inter Pro Udesh Regular Jan 2027 Group 2
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/6x34l0s7
✅CA Inter Pro Udesh Regular Jan 2027 Group (1+2) combo
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/l148wklz

✅CA Inter Udesh Regular Sep 2026 Group 1
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/yncol86i
✅CA Inter Udesh Regular Sep 2026 Group 2
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/4s3an1ng
✅CA Inter Pro Udesh Regular Sep 2026 Group 1
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/fakvtuxa
✅CA Inter Pro Udesh Regular Sep 2026 Group 2
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/kfb19fny
✅CA Inter Udesh Regular Sep 2026 Group (1+2)
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/gvgs8iif
✅CA Inter Pro Udesh Regular Sep 2026 Group (1+2)
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/agz22rs3

✅For NOTES Visit to CA Inter Drona FREE Batch : 
📌https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/hjoufglw

📲 PW App/Website: https://www.pw.live/ca
📚 PW Store: Link: https://physicswallah.onelink.me/ZAZB/rd0nyakx
  5. @sheetalkumari38: Please koi btaye ki test me kitne questions hote hai kitne der tk ka timing hota hai???
  6. @SourabhBisht-q1g: I will give test from today onwards
  7. @Manu-gp7it: Thank you so much sir for your guidance. 
Curx of this session -
• practice RTP nd PYQ as you can do by yourself. 
• self study kerni hai. 
• Self ki reversion strategy banai hai yt pur kisi aur ki strategy nhi dekhni bcz khud ke + nd - points hum khud jante hai koi dusra nahi. 
• Mock test lagane hai but syllabus khtam hone ke baad nhi syllabus ke sath sath jitne chapters complete hote jaye unke. 
I will definitely follow all of above nd clear my CA intermediate exam in Jan 2027.
  8. @AnnuSingh-tj6dr: Thank you sir❤ 

I avoid these mistakes in my CA journey
  9. @rizkawani_: When should we start giving tests ideally , if  preparing for sep 26 G1
  10. @AmitJha2609: CA INTER SEPT 26 ✅
  11. @jagritimaurya2804: Sir morning me nahane khane ke baad bilkul man nhi lgta bas neend aati but shaam ko padhai aache se hoti h bas 10 bje tak
  12. @Sahilpal725: Sir aaj tak mujhe pta nahi chala ki mera theory strong hia ya praticle jabki G1 with exemption in all subjects.clear ho gya hai
  13. @GudiyaKumariGudiyaKumari-x1r: September 26 attempt will be my last attempt
  14. @deepakvishwakarma3730: Sir last vala bahut achhi thi yahi se improvement aur self motivation milta h
  15. @ruksadruksad178: Sir Me Regular class Join Ki thi....Par Ab Me Ghar Pe Self Study Kar Rahi Hu and me Test Bhai Nahi De rahi and Lec Bhi attend nahi karti ...Test me Bohot Sara Content Hota .. Wo Sab Nahi ho pata So me  test nahi Deti ..
  16. @akankshagaykwad3408: I realise my mistake after i saw this video
actully what i do what i not to do i decide those thing properly 
thank you so much 
its reality check......
  17. @gouravchauhan6434: is saal me kisi ki halat me ca finalist bn na hi h sir
At anyhow 🤞🙏
  18. @JuveriaJasmeen: Sir test kaha de ? In this 3 months any app ?
  19. @Crick694: Someone from Varanasi??
  20. @hemugaming8: i will clear my ca inter mediate exam in 2026

- We Finally Tried Italian American Spaghetti & Meatballs [It Shocked Us]: Kind: captions Language: en This might look simple, but apparently, it is one&nbsp; of the most comforting American family meals. A&nbsp;&nbsp; lot tastier and a lot yummier. This everywhere.&nbsp; And today we're finding out why people absolutely&nbsp;&nbsp; love spaghetti and meatballs. Now, over here in&nbsp; the UK, there are spaghetti and meatballs. We do&nbsp;&nbsp; have spaghetti and meatballs, but we always just&nbsp; buy them store-bought in a packet, chuck them in,&nbsp;&nbsp; chuck some tomato sauce in. Don't really go too&nbsp; much into making our own. I know some people do,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's not one of those things we've really&nbsp; really thought about. However, it's a big deal&nbsp;&nbsp; in America. I think a lot of families tend&nbsp; to have this on regular rotation, and it is&nbsp;&nbsp; one of those family meals that brings everyone&nbsp; together. It feels a little bit more nostalgic,&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit more comforting, and a little bit&nbsp; like spending quality time with your family around&nbsp;&nbsp; the table. So, the big question today, is this&nbsp; got to be one of the most comforting American&nbsp;&nbsp; meals that we've tried? I'm going to let you&nbsp; in on a little secret. I don't think I ever had&nbsp;&nbsp; meatballs until when I visited America and that&nbsp; was the first time I tried meatballs in Idaho in&nbsp;&nbsp; my sisters that she made herself and I absolutely&nbsp; loved them and then they became a staple here&nbsp;&nbsp; in our kitchen. But I've never actually made&nbsp; spaghetti and meatballs myself from scratch.&nbsp;&nbsp; So first up we are going to start with some bread&nbsp; because I believe breadcrumbs really does help to&nbsp;&nbsp; fill those meatballs out a little bit, give them&nbsp; a bit more consistency and texture. So, I've just&nbsp;&nbsp; got three slices of breads that I'm just going&nbsp; to mash up here. Now, contrary to popular belief,&nbsp;&nbsp; spaghetti and meatballs are not Italian. What?&nbsp; Now, I really thought it was an Italian dish,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's actually an Italian American dish. And it&nbsp; was the early immigrants that came to America that&nbsp;&nbsp; decided to start making spaghetti and meatballs.&nbsp; Now, initially, meatballs were served with things&nbsp;&nbsp; like lentils, not really with spaghetti. They&nbsp; were really quite small, like small little pieces&nbsp;&nbsp; rather than the balls that you have nowadays. Meat&nbsp; was a lot cheaper in America, so it was a lot more&nbsp;&nbsp; easy to come by and they paired it together with&nbsp; the spaghetti to make such a comforting dish. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I believe in Italy they sometimes serve meatballs&nbsp; with spaghetti, but it is not how it is commonly&nbsp;&nbsp; done. Now, I have been to an Italian here in&nbsp; the UK where on the menu is meatballs as like&nbsp;&nbsp; a starter or appetizer. And they are family-run&nbsp; Italian restaurants, so they're pretty authentic,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I don't actually know if they've ever served&nbsp; spaghetti and meatballs as a main dish. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; something I'm going to look out for. I&nbsp; found that some meatballs are beef only,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think what's popular to do over in&nbsp; America with some of these recipes is a&nbsp;&nbsp; mixture of pork and beef. So, that's what we're&nbsp; going to do today. So, we're going in with Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; the pork is sausage meat that we get over here in&nbsp; the UK. I didn't get Italian sausages cuz I cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; get the exact sausages that this recipe calls for,&nbsp; but I will link the recipe in the description if&nbsp;&nbsp; you want to follow the exact recipe. And we're&nbsp; going to be using our ground beef. Into this,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have some freshly grated Parmesan. Do you say&nbsp; Parmesan or Parmesan? We've also got some garlic,&nbsp;&nbsp; some salt, and some pepper. We to pop in our bread&nbsp; that's been soaked in water. And finally, an egg. So, we've got our mix. It's lovely and combined.&nbsp; And now, we just need to make those meatballs into&nbsp;&nbsp; whatever size I think is going to be necessary.&nbsp; And I think one of the most distinguishing things&nbsp;&nbsp; is that the American meatballs are so much bigger&nbsp; than the Italian meatballs. And that doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; surprise me because when it comes to America,&nbsp; everything seems to be bigger and better. I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; going to go with this kind of size. And we're just&nbsp; going to give them a light dusting in flour. Okay. Now, there is one thing that you Americans&nbsp; absolutely know, and that is comfort food. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; anything that we have tried that is comforting&nbsp; has been delicious and filling. And never in a&nbsp;&nbsp; million years did I think that I would be cooking&nbsp; this many American meals in my kitchen. Now I&nbsp;&nbsp; just need to cook these in a pan about half at a&nbsp; time. We're just going to brown them on all sides,&nbsp;&nbsp; but we're not going to worry about&nbsp; cooking them through at the moment. There's actually something so beautiful about&nbsp; these meatballs cooking. In fact, I'm actually&nbsp;&nbsp; crying. I don't know if you can see, but that&nbsp; is actually because I just cut an onion off&nbsp;&nbsp; camera. Oh, I think some of these I needed to roll&nbsp; a little bit more tightly. Okay, now some of these&nbsp;&nbsp; are browned all over. We're going to remove them&nbsp; from the pan. I don't know why, but some of them&nbsp;&nbsp; have fallen apart quite a bit, but maybe I need&nbsp; to add more egg in it. Or maybe there's something&nbsp;&nbsp; else wrong with what I did or the way I was doing&nbsp; it. Right, I'm just going to get some of that fond&nbsp;&nbsp; the burnt stuff off the bottom of the pan before&nbsp; I throw in my onions to make this marinara sauce. Some chopped onions. We're just going to sauté these for a few minutes.&nbsp; Okay, now to add in some diced or minced garlic.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh yes, I'm getting garlic wafts now. Okay, next&nbsp; up, we're going in with our chopped tomato. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I say chopped tomato because the recipe calls&nbsp; for crushed tomatoes, but we don't get crushed&nbsp;&nbsp; tomatoes here. They actually smell good. I'm going&nbsp; to give that a stir. I'm going to let this come to&nbsp;&nbsp; a simmer before adding back in my questionable&nbsp; meatballs. Okay, I told you I'd probably end up&nbsp;&nbsp; forgetting something. So, just before it comes to&nbsp; a simmer, I'm going to add in two bay leaves. And&nbsp;&nbsp; now, we're going to let it come to a simmer.&nbsp; We've got some simmering going on now. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm going to add the meatballs back in here. Then,&nbsp; we're just going to leave it for about 30 minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; at which point I'll prepare the spaghetti. And&nbsp; then we'll almost be ready to try this bad boy. Now, I have got my questionable&nbsp; meatballs. It fell apart, and I&nbsp;&nbsp; didn't want to put them in this because&nbsp; I think they will ruin the appeal cuz&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't really look like meatballs. But&nbsp; then, I thought we're going to add it in.&nbsp;&nbsp; We're going to just put it in and it can&nbsp; be part of the sauce. So, if you do see&nbsp;&nbsp; any bits that aren't meatballs when we come&nbsp; to serving this, that will be the reason why. When you were serving, I noticed you didn't rinse&nbsp; off the spaghetti with boiling water. No, because&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of the Americans said to us before that if&nbsp; you do that, the sauce doesn't stick to the pasta&nbsp;&nbsp; as much. So, I didn't do that this time. Okay,&nbsp; that makes sense. Now, Alyssa has had a dinner,&nbsp;&nbsp; so she has just sat here having a couple of&nbsp; little snacks whilst we tuck into this one.&nbsp;&nbsp; What do you think of the smell, guys? Yeah, it&nbsp; smells very tomatoey. I was expecting it to smell&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit more like the Italian herbs. Ah, don't Well,&nbsp; there is a little bit of basil in there. I added&nbsp;&nbsp; it in off camera as part of the simmering process.&nbsp; Oh, I forgot we've got garlic bread as well. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; we've got a cheesy garlic bread. It's quite warm,&nbsp; so we might need to blow on it, darling. Okay.&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, I'm going to go in for a meatball. You're&nbsp; going in as well. Just make sure it's not too hot. I just like everywhere. Ooh. Okay. Yeah,&nbsp; they're good. I'm just going to eat a&nbsp;&nbsp; meatball. Delicious. So, is this like American or&nbsp; is this an Italian American recipe? I'm thinking&nbsp;&nbsp; this is an Italian-American recipe. Correct. Now,&nbsp; something I learned which I did tell the viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; which they probably already knew but it was new&nbsp; to me. Spaghetti and meatballs is not Italian. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is Italian American. What? Oh, those meatballs&nbsp; are good. Oh, they don't taste like a regular&nbsp;&nbsp; meatballs. What What we done to the meatballs?&nbsp; So, they are a mixture of pork and beef. Oh,&nbsp;&nbsp; really? Yeah. Which I'm led to believe is&nbsp; the way to do it. They don't actually taste&nbsp;&nbsp; as fatty. Like sometimes they can feel greasy.&nbsp; That's the word. They can feel quite greasy when&nbsp;&nbsp; you buy the store-bought ones. So, I'm really&nbsp; liking the taste of these. There's a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit of cheese. You get a subtle cheese flavor&nbsp; in them. But I'm liking like that they're just&nbsp;&nbsp; they taste really good with that marinara sauce.&nbsp; I've not had spaghetti yet. Oh, marinara sauce.&nbsp;&nbsp; My six. Oh my god. Am I being rude by putting&nbsp; pepper on for some reason? I thought you had&nbsp;&nbsp; some ketchup and I was going to say, "Yeah, you&nbsp; are." Salt and pepper is always to taste. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're absolutely fine. It's interesting what you&nbsp; were saying about the the fat. It does seem less&nbsp;&nbsp; fatty. M I'm liking this. Lovely with the cheese.&nbsp; Okay, mama. Mhm. Thank you, darling. I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to put it out there. I think a little bit more&nbsp; salt and pepper, which I didn't add any more in&nbsp;&nbsp; because it says to taste and obviously we've all&nbsp; got very different taste and Elena doesn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; much salt. This is for you. Thank you. I think a&nbsp; little bit more salt and pepper. And this would&nbsp;&nbsp; be beautiful. So, I am going to add some myself,&nbsp; but I've got to say this is better than the store. Very likely. It's very delightful. Well, thank&nbsp; you, Papa. Exactly what you were saying. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; lighter than the normal store-bought ones. It's&nbsp; just not as greasy and it's a lot a lot tastier&nbsp;&nbsp; and a lot yummier. Much yummier, much fresher.&nbsp; Like you said, I I can't disagree with anything&nbsp;&nbsp; that you said. What I am going to ask though is&nbsp; this more comforting and a good American Italian&nbsp;&nbsp; or Italian American comfort meal? It is. It is.&nbsp; It's definitely comforting. You may hear I've got&nbsp;&nbsp; a bit of a bit of a cold going on. So, this is&nbsp; really nice. Really comforting. It's nice on the&nbsp;&nbsp; throat. It's smooth, tasty. Thank you, darling.&nbsp; Yeah. And it's got like an a bit of a Italian hug.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's all pairing really nicely together. Like&nbsp; you said, and I know I keep going on about it.&nbsp;&nbsp; It doesn't feel as heavy. It just feels fresh and&nbsp; tasty. And I think I could quite easily swap this&nbsp;&nbsp; out for the traditional store-bought ones that&nbsp; we've been using. Definitely. It definitely holds&nbsp;&nbsp; the sauce on the spaghetti, which is Yeah. Learned&nbsp; something there. Now then guys, it all boils down&nbsp;&nbsp; to a rating. Nine out of six. Oh, I actually think&nbsp; it's so yummy. Do you? So, as a rating, what would&nbsp;&nbsp; I go for? I think I'm going to go for a 9 out of&nbsp; 10. I think there's a couple of tweaks I would&nbsp;&nbsp; make just for my own palette, but I think it is a&nbsp; real good solid recipe. And obviously, I've got to&nbsp;&nbsp; work on getting that meatball texture just right.&nbsp; I think this is an excellent start to meatballs.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think, like you said, there's a couple tweaks.&nbsp; It is tasty. The meatballs are superb. a couple&nbsp;&nbsp; of tweaks. This will easily be a 10 out of 10.&nbsp; But I think for now, I'm going to probably give&nbsp;&nbsp; this an eight and a half out of 10. Let us know&nbsp; in the comments down below what you'd like to see&nbsp;&nbsp; us make next. And make sure you subscribe to the&nbsp; channel to stick around for all our great content.&nbsp;&nbsp; And all that leaves us to say is take care,&nbsp; God bless, and see y'all in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mrhandfriends [47 likes]: We had no idea Spaghetti & Meatballs was actually an Italian-American dish!

Did your family grow up eating Spaghetti & Meatballs? And do you make your meatballs with beef only or a mixture of beef and pork?

We'd love to hear your family traditions and memories below!

BLY XXXX
  2. @lilliputlittle: I’ve heard the dish is not served in Italy.  We saw it on many menus during our 3 weeks in Italy 10 years ago.  I guess Americans were asking for the spaghetti and meatballs to be served on the same plate rather than as primi and secondi courses.
  3. @amythehuntress: Everyone here is correct on the mixing part.  Plus, cook the meatballs ahead of time in a pan on the stove with garlic and olive oil.  More authentically Italian that way.
  4. @joanmcconnell659: I've never used flour in my meatballs. White bread soaked in milk, basil, pepper, Italian seasonings and garlic..hand roll the meatballs..never use a mixer. It will make the meatballs tough. I make my sauce separately.  It cooks all day.
  5. @mermiefasmart1387: Would've definitely had two to three eggs in a large meat mix like yours. Also would've added minced sauteed onions to that meat mix. We eat spaghetti noodles by twirling the long strands onto a spoon.
  6. @catdad45: I honestly love the idea of spaghetti and meatballs with added chunks of meatball added in, on top of the meatballs themselves.

Maybe make a homemade lasagna? 😋
  7. @nantsattic1: Meatballs needed some onions
  8. @user-iw3dw4hh4y: The meatballs looked like they were half cooked, baking instead of cooking them in a pot is better also bit more spices like oregano, or Italian seasoning.
  9. @larrytingle7184: We soak the bread in milk and add some oregano to the meat.  Refrigerate the meatballs for and hour before cooking and they will hold together.  Basil, oregano and a touch of red pepper flakes are a must for the sauce.
  10. @Patryn71: The way I make my spaghetti makes some people think I'm nuts, but I also have people tell me it sounds unreal.   To be up front, I don't make most of the ingredients myself.  I use Ragu sauce (I enjoy it, use whatever you like), I usually use 1 pound of ground beef (if I use meatballs I buy them at a local restaurant depot that are VERY good), 1.5 lbs of country sausage (I buy it from a local butcher) and Barilla normal spaghetti.   If I use meatballs I skip the ground beef.
I brown my sausage in a cast iron skillet to give it a really good flavor.  Once cooled I slice it thin.   I brown my ground beef and drain it.   I then add my spaghetti sauce, sausage, ground beef (or meatballs) together in a deep saute pan, add garlic to taste (I use a lot of garlic) and let simmer for a minimum of 30 minutes, usually 45 minutes.  I like to really let the sauce and meats combine.   I make my spaghetti, drain (never rinse) and add the meat sauce to it in a stock pot.  I then let the sauce, meat, spaghetti sit in that pot for at least 20 minutes before serving, to really let the spaghetti start soaking in the saucy meaty goodness.   It takes me about 3 hours to make my spaghetti but I've had people who have tried it tell me it's very, very good.  Even using store bought sauce, letting everything sit and blend makes such a huge difference in flavor.  It might be a bit too much meat for some people (2.5lbs of meat is a lot for a pound of spaghetti) but I love it.  I also use 2 jars of sauce as a lot of it will absorb into the pasta and meat as it sits, especially overnight.   If you go light on sauce, it will end up being very dry the next day.
Even if you use a lot less meat, letting it sit all together is vital to me.   Spooning sauce on top of cooked spaghetti just isn't for me.
  11. @HDCalame: Mom always cooked her meatballs in the oven.  Then added them to the sauce. But I have heard of some cooks that add the raw meatballs directly into the sauce and let them cook in the sauce.
  12. @nativetexan9776: Americans have meat balls for brains.
  13. @2012escapee1: Make fry bread and Navajo tacos
  14. @The_Kiosk: Spabeggi, Pasghetti, Sghetti, nobody doesn't love it. Meatballs or chunks of ground meat are basically required. The meatball and meatloaf are a stretching measure for when supplies of meat were low, but also the binding makes the recipe an all purpose tool in the kitchen.
  15. @rogerpultz5597: Really enjoyed watching 👍👍
  16. @rodney-m7g: No olive oil in the sauce ?
  17. @dlk6g: You should buy ground pork and make your own sausage. It’s really the best!  Lots of recipes online.
  18. @lindaostrom570: sauce: oregano and chopped italian or any parsley as well as the bay. imo
  19. @wonderweasle2212: 8:44 she said 9 out of 6.... not 9.6....
  20. @aneophyte1199: You definitely need oregano and sage in your spaghetti sauce. You should simmer the sauce for about one hour. Be sure to add a teaspoon of sugar to the sauce, it will remove the acid taste. After cooking the meatballs in the sauce remove them and set aside. Take your cooked spaghetti and put in the sauce and cook for a couple of minutes. This will adhere the sauce to the spaghetti and it will not separate on your plate. Add the meatballs onto your coated spaghetti.

- Meta Ads Results Dropped? Andromeda Update Explained + the simple fix to rebuild: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to explain in simple English why your Facebook ads performance may have dipped in the last few months and exactly what you will need to do to fix it. Because Meta did have a huge algorithm update which fundamentally changes the way ads are delivered. And this was called the Andromeda update and you need to understand this to be successful as we head into 2026. So give me a few minutes and I'll save you months of pain and guesswork. I'll explain [music] what the Andromeda update changed, how you need to change your campaign building, how to manage and optimize your ads post launch because [music] this changes a lot. So stick around for that. Links to each chapter are in the description so you can jump around. Let's get into it. So Andromeda explained. First, let's look at what changed and why. So several years ago, Meta's targeting was absolutely unmatched. and we could target, for example, a librarian living in London, aged between 30 and 35 years old. No problem at all. Then Facebook gets spanked with fines worth hundreds of millions of pounds for harvesting too much data on people in order to target them with their ads. So, it introduced its advantage plus targeting whereby it used AI to get the right ads in front of the right people at the right time. Now, what this new system did is work to identify the two to three best ads within a campaign or ad set, and it went allin on those, which meant that broader ads generally worked best. And if you launched 10 ads, the algorithm would likely kill eight of them pretty quickly and go all in on the remaining two. Now, you as the advertiser didn't need to actually do anything and turn the other ads off. The algorithm did it by itself. So, what was the problem and why did Meta change its algorithm? So basically Meta has loads of creatives but wasn't powerful enough to consider all of them. So it identified a few early winners and went allin. Now however ad spend will be spread far more evenly across different ads as it tries to match different copy and creatives with particular people and audiences. And this is why your strategy will need to change. And I'll explain how to do that in a moment. So, think of Meta Ads as like going to a library and the librarian has to match a book, an ad to the right customer. But she's got millions of books to choose from and can't possibly consider them all. So, she just goes to a handful of best sellers and uses them because most people are going to like them. Now, the Andromeda update is like replacing that librarian with a supercomput that can consider all of the millions of books much better and hopefully match the perfect book to the perfect customer. So, how does this change how you build your ads? So, you still need great data integrations to make your targeting work and you still need your pixel conversion API, CRM integrations, lists uploading, etc. However, a greater targeting emphasis is now placed on your ads themselves. Meta will take a large lead from your copy and your creatives when determining who to show your ads to. So, much like with SEO, think keywords and use your copy to make it really clear who your target product or services for. Now, your ads will need good creative variety targeting different audience personas. For example, if you were running lead generation ads for a business coaching service, previously you would have written various copy variations and created various images and videos that spoke to core target customers pain points and the outcomes that they desire. However, after the Andromeda update, best practice now is to write for several different audience personas. One persona could be business owners that are looking to scale. Another could be business owner who is super busy and overworked and you talk about this particular painoint and your ability to help them with their business systemization. A third persona could be business owners that are looking to sell their business and about how your service can help them build and negotiate that sale. The Andromeda update should allow all personas to be targeted within one adset and one campaign. Now about 5 years ago to do this we would have had a really granular interest and demographic based targeting and you would have had about three different adsets with unique ads within each to target these three audience personas. But today best practice to have one campaign, one adet with about 20 different ads targeting all different personas within that ad set. So this video is sponsored by GoHigh Level. If you don't already have a CRM hooked into Meta, you're leaving money on the table. Go High Level pulls leads straight into pipelines, triggers instant emails and texts, and makes follow-up automatic. We use it because it's allin-one, like HubSpot, but way cheaper. Use the link below for an extended trial. So, let's talk about how you optimize your ads campaign, and now the Adrometer update has landed because it is different. So, if you've been running your ads correctly, previously, you would have allowed the AI to identify the best performing ads and allocate your budget for you. However, today post Andromeda, the AI won't automatically kill ads like it used to. So, we're back to doing this manually. If you're monitoring your various ads and you see certain ads has a particularly high cost per result, you need to consider turning those ads off and forcing your ad budget into better performing creatives. Now, we're often running campaigns right now where we start with, say, 20 ads and a month later we've turned 14 off, leaving six high performers remaining. Now, a final important point, really important point. Metan rolls out these updates universally and immediately, meaning you may not have the Andromeda update on your account just yet. Now, eventually it will be rolled out to absolutely everybody, but my agency is working with about 100 different Meta Ads clients, and we're seeing that about 50% of them are on the Andromeda update, but the rest are on the legacy targeting system. This is exactly what they did when they rolled out Advantage Plus. So, that's all for now. Drop questions in the comment if you have one and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOneAndOnlyNiamh [2 likes]: Hey Jamie, thank you for the update! Have been seeing rumbles of this on LinkedIn but not in ads yet. Question, do you think this is actually going to work? Or is segmentation still better?
  2. @jbp7343 [1 likes]: hey jamie, great content as always. I was wondering how many ads/angles you would use for a new campaign at a 50 daily budget. and more importantly, would you change the killrules with the new andromeda update? (if yes, what rules would you use?)
  3. @MariaGomez-lg2ug [1 likes]: With Andromeda, everyone talks about consolidating ads into a single ad set, but how do I know if my ads are working at the top or bottom of the sales funnel? NOBODY talks about that.

And most importantly — what happens with retargeting and lookalike audiences, which people don’t even mention anymore?

Does it still make sense to separate prospecting from retargeting, or should we just let Meta handle the entire funnel according to its Andromeda system?
  4. @withinressie [1 likes]: Good video thank you for explaining so well 🔥🔥
  5. @divyv20 [1 likes]: Hey  Jamie , really nice video! I was wondering if I could help you with high Quality Editing and thumbnails which will bring you very good results. Lmk if you are open to it man?
  6. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online and would love your advice on campaign structure:
	1.	Should I run separate campaigns for each product category (e.g., mirrors, buffets, side tables), or is it better to group all categories into one broader campaign?
	2.	For creatives, is it recommended to keep Dynamic Catalog Carousels in the same campaign as my manual single images and single videos, or should they be separated?
  7. @darnassius92: Thanks for the info! How do I understand if I already have the Andromeda update?

- New Facebook Ads Algorithm Update Is Killing Sales (Do This ASAP): Kind: captions Language: en It's a new advertising algorithm update that just got pushed out by good old Facebook and Zuckerberg that's caused some chaos, uncertainty, and unpredictability across a lot of different businesses advertising accounts. Whether you're seeing inconsistency and result volume, inconsistency in the types of leads you're getting, or this one's kind of interesting, completely new objections that you haven't historically got, this video is going to help you make sense of all of that, why it's happening, and what to do about it. For all those unfamiliar, my name is Jeremy Haynes. I spend a couple million dollars a month on advertising. Been an agency owner now for over a decade. I help businesses hit million-dollar months. It's all we do around here and it's all we talk about. Every video on my channel is dedicated to that topic and it's a pleasure to welcome you in if you are new here. For all those that are already a subscriber, of course, welcome back. It's a pleasure to have you. Without further ado, let's dive into today's topic. So, just recently, we had a business that we worked with that spends about 4 to 600K a month on ad spend start to get some really different objections that were coming through from the sales team that they were struggling to deal with. And they mainly related to competitors of that business. So, what was happening was historically we've had none of this. there's generally just been us as that business outspending everybody else that's considered a competitor and just running circles around people. And in the most recent month and a half, almost two months now, the feedback from the sales reps is that the average qualified lead that shows up to a call to close is bringing up anywhere from as low as two and as high as five competitors of the business. The salespeople are perplexed. They're like, "We've never heard any of this kind of stuff before. Nobody's ever brought up alternatives. If they have, at most, it's been like a single competitor." And it's not even the same competitor every time. It's just like an occasional random alternative that the person brings up. Now, every lead, and this is the craziest part without exaggeration, every lead is showing up saying, "Oh yeah, I'm considering buying from like," and they list off like two to five different businesses. So, this is one of the most interesting things that you kind of first have to reflect on. If it wasn't just that single business, if it was only that single business that was giving me that kind of feedback, I I likely wouldn't have thought much of it, you know. But what was interesting was we noticed across a lot like a majority of the other businesses that we were working with. For the ones that had really articulate closers specifically like if you've been getting tremendous feedback that's articulate from your salespeople, you'll be able to tap into this kind of, you know, new wave of like reasons people aren't closing and kind of new challenges a lot faster than the businesses who are just told by their sales teams, which is highly unacceptable by the way. All these leads are just unqualified. Okay, big difference when you get articulate feedback versus non-articulate feedback. So again, we're seeing this across a few different businesses that people are showing up on average aware and considering several more businesses than they ever had prior. And so when I had reflected on some of my own just kind of news feed experiences in the most recent two months, I had a key moment of inflection where I kind of said, "Wow, you know, I think I realized what happened." So I get dunked on by taxes. I'm just a cash cow here in the United States that my government milks every month for the opportunity to make money within this country. And I get milked every month. I pay about six figures monthly in taxes. Okay? And I do that so I don't have to lump sum a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] seven figure check. I that just feels awful. So anyway, I pay monthly and I get [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] waxed. So I start obviously like talk I have tax attorneys and tax accountants and I also have tax strategists that all work to together to lower my overall tax burden. So, I get targeted by tax stuff pretty frequently. And one guy recently targeted me with a great set of messaging. He was like, "Look, you're rich now. You know, you don't just need a CPA. You don't just need a tax attorney. Like, that worked while it worked. You know, you need tax strategist." And so, again, I ended up working with somebody like this. And as soon, but here's here's my initial experience with this, okay, just to be super clear on my point. I get hit by an ad for a tax strategist. I clicked to the ad. Okay? Now, I'm on the landing page. Some of the verbiage on the page was something about W2 people made me feel like it wasn't for me. So I leave the next seven ads that I see. Okay, not exaggerated. The next seven ads I see in a row. So it's like yes, I see content and then an ad and then content and then an ad. Next seven ads, dude, were all tax strategists. So if whether I did or did not respond to that guy instantaneously I'm targeted by alternatives and competitors to that specific business that had targeted me first that reached me first with that messaging. Okay. Now to be clear and this is really important to understand this has been the case for a while now with that type of system being implemented. That's what's made this alien level technology behind these advertising algorithms so effective. It is hyper relevant to a person's real-time interests and that's what helps them get businesses and those types of buyers connected together and that's what make businesses comes back and get it again and again and give huge percentages of their total revenue to these ad platforms. Now to be clear about that which is really important to understand is that it is immediate and concentrated. Okay, this is the main thing that changed more than anything else. Okay, it's competitive density and concentration. It's a big difference compared to how it was historically. You might have seen a handful like and I again this is like a couple at most of alternatives to whatever business you might have just real timed expressed interest in. And they've done that to be mindful of this. Okay, this scenario that now exists is what they were trying to essentially prevent historically. But somebody might have got fired. They might have just started vibe coding the advertising algorithm with what Zuck's been talking about on recent podcasts. Who knows why the changes? But what we do know is that boundary that they historically haven't crossed of creating a little bit of chaos and introducing every possible competitor that you have that you might not even be aware of to the potential lead or that customer immediately. That's what's changed. Let's use the example with some algorithms here just kind of visualizing it. If we have business type A, okay, and then we have some content, content, content. And then we have business type B. So let's say A in my case is the tax strategist, okay? And I don't click on it. I don't express interest. I just keep scrolling. Okay? So here I am scrolling and I get targeted by more content. And then bang, now we're getting targeted by business type B. And let's just say this is for like some shoes or something. Okay? Then again, I'm not responsive to that. I just get targeted by more content. And then bang, I get targeted by business type C. Now, this continues on until essentially I get remarketed by an interest that the algorithm deems at a higher rate of interest compared to all the other things. So in this case, again, business type A being tax strategist, business type B being shoes, and let's say business type C, I get targeted pretty frequently by like four seasons and hotels and resorts and things like this. So let's say that that's business type C. I don't travel that frequently. It's a much lower priority to me, but again, I see those ads relatively often just respective of what I get targeted by. Business type B with shoes. I do buy shoes quite frequently. And as a matter of fact, I was recently just in the market for a completely new brand I had never shopped with before recommendation by my doctors and chiropractors. I'm at the age where I'm taking shoe recommendations from [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doctors. You know what I mean? Anyway, I digress. Business type A though with tax strategist, that is extremely pressing comp. I mean, that's a six figure a month prop. That's insane. Okay, I don't want to tolerate that. I want to lower that burden. I assure you, out of shoes and resorts, lowering that tax bill is of far greater priority to me and I agree with the algorithm. So, what's the algorithm choose to do for that fourth ad? Well, it resets everything and it targets me again with another person that's selling some kind of tax strategy related service. I see it. That one hits me harder than the first one and I click on it. Okay, so I officially click the ad. Now, here's what happens next. Okay, again, I leave the landing page. I remain unconverted. It had some verbiage about W2 stuff on it. And so, we're back to scrolling. Okay, now the next ad was also business type A, another tax strategist. And I'm like, wow. You know, I I get targeted again. And then bang, another business type A. And so, at this point, the algorithm has identified. It's like, oh, well, this guy clicked to that page. He didn't convert. must have been a reason. Let's serve him up a bunch of other people that are similar to that that might solve the specific problems that the other one failed to articulate that could solve. There was a reason that guy expressed interest and failed to convert and we didn't see that standard event fire back. So, let's just hit them aggressively with a bunch of other stuff that's similar to that that likely will get the person to convert. And so, they grabbed without exaggeration every [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] business that they had that sold tax strategy and they just kept [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] targeting me with it. So much so that I became like hyper aware of it to the point where I was like I started counting. I was like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is going on? Like why all of a sudden are there only ads for tax strategy? And that was that was without ex literally it nothing else. No shoes, no resorts, no hotels, no prop, nothing. Literally just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tax strategy business type A. Okay. So I kill the app. I get off the platform and I switch. This is actually on Facebook. This happened to me to be clear. So, I switch over to Instagram and as an advertiser who's hyper self-aware about this kind of stuff, I try to test it out with something else. So, on Instagram, okay, now we're on a totally different experience. I get served with content, content, content. And then the first business that gets served to me is actually a shoe business. Now, coincidentally, this it's actually really coincidental. I had bought a pair of shoes like I described. It's some some company called on uh might be more than that, but it's like OM is the shoe brand, one with the holes in the soul. Okay? And again, I purchased two pairs of shoes from this business. So, the first ad I see is that specific business remarketing me to go back and buy other shoes. Okay? And I'm totally new to this brand. I was told to buy a very specific pair. That's what I had bought. I didn't really explore all the other [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that they had cuz to be honest, they weren't really like cool person shoes, you know? They seemed like like dad shoes, you know? Like I said, my doctor told me to buy this kind of shoe. It didn't feel good and like a brand I wanted to explore. You know, you know what I'm saying? So anyway, I see this ad though and I'm like, "Oh shit." Like, you know, this is this business I spent some money with. Like, let me go check them out. So, I again, I click. Okay, I click the ad and I just wanted to see. I'm like, dude, is the same thing going to happen? And no joke, the same exact thing happens. So, I get targeted by the shoes again. And this is a different business at this point. I don't remember the name of this one, but I get targeted by somebody that's essentially selling like custom Nikes. like they'll u take like a dunk like a Nike dunk and they'll customize it and then uh you know I guess you just buy it and I'm not sure if that's legal or not because it sure didn't look endorsed by Nike but anyway then I start getting targeted by some collaboration that that on cloud brand thing did a shoe brand that I bought from. They had a collaboration they did with some company I'd also never heard of. Apparently another shoe brand called Lowe's. Okay, I think that's how you say it. And I I start getting tired about the Lowe's brand and then again all shoes. That's it. just all shoes right after I click the ad. Okay, so I kill it, right? I go back over to Facebook and again I'm trying to seek, am I only going to get targeted by tax strategist? Am I only going to get targeted by shoes? Okay, here's what's interesting that I want to make abundantly clear. Okay, the objections that historically have happened that have related to market sophistication, they change and they vary relative to how aware somebody is of competitors options, right? Like if you're in a if you're in a small town and there's a really good steakhouse and another really good steakhouse opens up, there's a really high probability you're going to be aware of it because it's a small town. And then from there, that original steakhouse you've been going to for years, they've now got a competitor. And you might in your business start hearing about that other steakhouse and you might have to start making adaptions and changes and menu items, you know, pricing changes, marketing changes, all relative to the fact you got a new competitor. Now, if you do that same thing in a city like where I live in Miami where you go to a great restaurant, like same thing like a steakhouse, dude, there could be another like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] 20 steakous that opened up in the most recent year, 10 years. I'd have no [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue for the most part unless somebody brings it up to me or unless like an ad strategically hits me, okay? Which didn't happen that often. That's what I want to make clear. I to increase my awareness as a consumer of new steakous in my city have to literally look it up. I had to go out of my way to look it up. what advertising did with all these new algorithms, not the most recent one, but the the ones that were prior to this, if I expressed interest in a steakhouse that had a pixel on it, there's a high probability I'm going to get targeted by other restaurants. And they might not all be steakous, though. They might just be other restaurants in general. It would have been like, "Hey, this person's got interest in restaurants. Let's show them a bunch of other stuff." And it might have shown some other steakous, but not every single [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ad right afterwards a steakhouse. That's really what's changed. So, think of it like this again. I have to go out and intentionally increase my awareness as a consumer. Historically, advertising on these social platforms introduced I might express interest in something and then get targeted by a handful of similar businesses. Now, like literally now, this most recent crazy advertising algorithm change is if I express interest in a steakhouse or remotely close am identified as being interested in steakouses and I I click on that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] page or I watch that video too long, every single ad that follows for the next 5 to 12 ads are just going to be another steakhouse in your city, another steakhouse in your city, another steak. It's just all that. That's all it is. And there's no deviation from it until you kill the app. That was what blew me away and that's what made me think differently when I started hearing these sales teams articulate things about a much higher quantity of qualified consumers bringing up competitors and far more competitors than what they ever had prior. And so we had to deploy a solution immediately. The solution involved tweaking some of our core fundamental strategies that we have. Okay, here's what we had to tweak. So, first of all, we have my hammer them content remarketing campaign. This involves anywhere from about 30 to 50 short form pieces of content and anywhere from about 15 to 30 long form pieces of content. And what we do is is after somebody takes a key action, we just blitz them with content. Okay? And in a buying process, if somebody goes and they click an ad and they book a call, the call doesn't happen immediately and that that transaction doesn't occur typically for whatever the average sales cycle is, which can be days at the minimum in most instances, sometimes a week plus. In that window, that's when we're blitzing people with this content. That's when we're hammering people. Okay? And that's where we're taking that opportunity to put strategic information in front of them. Questions, second layer questions, meaning questions that come up after the first ones get answered. objections and expectation related content. It's a lot of what that type of content is in that strategy. We had to start adding in a lot of content that talks about the unique mechanism of that business. So, if we go back to steakouses, as simple as that is, sometimes the unique mechanism might be like a specific way that they serve or bake the steaks. Okay? if they grill the steaks over a certain type of wood or a charcoal grill or you know they um uh what's what's this one in New York I'm thinking of very famous brand they broil the living [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of their steaks and then they serve it raw in the middle but like super seared on the outside and like it's like this far away from the broiler at the top of this extreme heat it's like 1,800° and they only salt it you know or I saw a steak recently somewhere in Europe I think it was in the UK K. It was a old dairy cow which had like the craziest fat marbling ever and like the fat was like more yellow comparatively to white which you see on steaks a lot. Again, it's like in this example, those are their unique mechanisms. It's like, oh, our our steak that we serve is this old dairy cow, you know, oh, the way that we cook our steak is this crazy broiler, you know, and we only season it with salt. Everybody's got their own unique mechanism. We had to add a lot more content to our hammer them campaign with unique mechanism information. This ended up being a huge point that added a lot more certainty that the closers could lean into when they were on these calls. So instead of just getting an objection about how there's a lot of competitors, the closers would be able to bring up like, "Oh, are you aware about how we produce the result for you and what makes us different?" And a lot of the times when you run the hammer them campaigns effectively and you have enough unique mechanism content in there that changes the game because it aids your closers in having something that's already in the mind of the user that the other businesses likely do not have. And that's a huge advantage when you take an action like the hammer them campaign. you're adding a lot more pre-framing material because keep in mind if the algorithm is going to serve content again and again and again and again that all relates to that specific topic, right? If it starts by having the variance of businesses, but as soon as there's any level of interest in a specific type of business, it's going to heavily lean into that specific type of content. It's like you'd want to be there with as much of that type of content as you can. You you understand? It's like, so again, the hammer them campaign is a paid content distribution strategy, okay? Where we're strategically picking and choosing the content that we want to distribute and making sure that it's there with some paid dollars and outside of our hammer them campaign, cuz keep in mind that's for after somebody takes the key action. Well, what about before, right? Because in that example that I provided to you, both with the shoe example and with the tax strategist example, those both included me clicking but not converting. Okay, that's very important to understand. With the shoe example, I clicked an ad to explore the page again, but I left. I'd already bought a shoe previously, not from an ad, but again, when I got served with the ad in both scenarios, I clicked and left. I remained unconverted. Okay. So, I have this strategy. I call it the reverse fly trap. And this is an OG strategy of mine. It's an iteration of my Venus fly trap strategy. So, whether it's the Venus fly trap 1.0 or the Venus fly trap 2.0, O what I do in that strategy is very simple. I typically take content and I put it in a sequence where somebody has to watch a certain threshold of the content in order to unlock that next set of content. And then again for the third step and then the fourth step is the direct response ads where we're going to make our call to actions and attempt to get the person to actually buy. Okay, that's my Venus fly trap strategy. What I do in the reverse fly trap is I start with the direct response and then I do two things. I remarket people with more direct response, but in addition to that, I'm serving them what we call a content cycle bin. Okay? And a content cycle bin is a little different than how the hammer them campaign works. They're structurally set up the same within the campaigns. However, the difference is the hammer them strategy has a frequency goal and it's a very aggressive frequency goal, a very high frequency goal and it's loaded up with typically a lot more content. A content cycle bin is a key term that I use throughout my content marketing strategies that I have. Really, no matter which one it is, generally they involve some type of content cycle bin. It is less about the frequency that we achieve and it's more about having content available to be consumed by the right people at different stages of our sales process. So as an example, if somebody clicked on an ad and failed to convert like I did with the shoes or the tax strategist, that business, if they set up their campaigns in a traditional way, the only real retargeting they would have is that campaign serving me ads from them again. And if they don't have a wide range of ads, these algorithms do not typically bias towards serving you the exact same ad again and again and again and again. That creates a bad user experience. So they stay away from that. Instead, what they do is they serve you many different ads from the same businesses and from different businesses. So, if you as an example are leveraging dynamic creative and have a lot of assets in there or even if you're using individual ads and you have a lot of individual ads that you're running, not not an exuberant amount to be clear, just even a handful, it's like you right away have a higher probability to have retargeting handled for you. If you have a single ad, you're pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Okay, just to be extremely clear based on this algorithm. So, a lot of the people, as an example, just to kind of take a side note here, that come to us that are experiencing inconsistencies with this new algorithm deployed that are having all kinds of new objections come up related to competitors. They're just hearing about all these businesses they've never had to sell against before. And they're also at the same time dealing with a lot of inconsistency and like qualified lead flow. Dude, there's a really high probability that those other businesses are taking the qualified lead from you. If your business is not set up with content and with a wide range of ads for your direct response ads, you're at a huge disadvantage with this new algorithm because like I said, as soon as somebody expresses interest in your stuff, which happens all the time, go look at the quantity of people that have clicked to your pages that have not converted, right? That's the quantity of that's the that's the largest [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] chunk of people you have in most instances. and they're getting swarmed immediately. As soon as they go back onto the platform, man, they're getting swarmed immediately by every competitor you've got. So, creative, simply put, what we found is creative matters so much and having range with your creative and this new algorithm, having a range of both direct response creative and content. Okay? Because that's what I mentioned we do here with this reverse fly trap strategy. We will have the direct response lead the way, but instead of just having direct response and having a slim amount of it at that, we'll have a standard remarketing campaign set up, which we haven't had to do in the most recent years. A lot of retargeting is done by that main campaign, even if it's all towards cold people. That's why frequency gets driven up in cold campaigns because it's going back and it's showing ads to the same people again because it handles the retargeting for you. But we'll intentionally set up a retargeting campaign as well. That way we just play more into how this algorithm is working. In addition to that, we'll have a campaign set up with a content cycle bin in it. Something optimized for engagement, video views, things like this that just has a wide range of content showing the unique mechanisms. Okay. The other main piece of content that we've had to work into the hammer them and all of our content cycle bins has been process content. Okay. So process content is a little different than unique mechanism content. So unique mechanism demonstrates, let's go back to the steakouses, right? Like that that steak that gets put into the oven and has the broiler right there just searing the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of that steak. And the only thing they do is salt it, right? That's their unique mechanism, but the process goes back several steps before that. So the process in this case, they could start off at the farm if they wanted to. They could sit there and talk about, hey, we buy our cows from this place, like this is how we butcher up. This is how we do XYZ. They could start literally way back there if they wanted to to articulate their process. And that's the cool thing about process content. Some of their content could go that far back farm to table and flex on me that you do it better than everybody else who doesn't. But processed content can also start like, okay, so we start by dry-aging the steak as soon as we get it. Doesn't have to go all the way back to the farm. It could just be all right, steak shows up, shows up fresh, butchered that day. We're immediately dry-agging it. Here's where we're going to dry it. Like start flexing the dryaging chamber on me, you know? start flexing how long it's dry-aged and then talk about how thick the cuts are. Then get to the point where you also demonstrate the unique mechanism in that content of putting the steak in the broiler, salting the living [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of it and cooking it without the customer's request being accepted or not. They just cook it pretty much raw. It's like as close to medium rare raw that you can picture in your head right now. That's their unique mechanism. But their process is all of that. You see? So process content and unique mechanism content. There's a great book, Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Schwarz. Probably one of the more costly books you'll ever buy in your lifetime, but well worth it if you end up purchasing it. Or if you already have, you already know what I'm talking about. And there's again, there's this concept. It's called market sophistication and market awareness. Okay? Generally, the more that people get pitched by similar businesses, the more sophisticated and the more aware they are. But awareness can be isolated to its own lesson. Okay? And it's very important to understand the distinction between the two. Sophistication just means simply put, I've just been pitched a lot of times. I'm now aware of how other people what their processes are, what their unique mechanisms are, what their pricing is. I get to make choices at a higher level as a result of having that level of sophistication as a consumer. Okay? And as a business, it takes a different type of marketing to sell to that type of consumer. Market awareness is as the consumer, okay, becomes that much more sophisticated. They also are just hyper aware they've got leverage cuz they've got choices. And again, things change with how you've got to entice this type of person based on what they know going through the buying process. These two things, simply put, what I'm seeing is is like a rapid ascension of sophistication and awareness due to this algorithm update. Okay. And because of that, what Eugene Schwarz talks about in his book, Breakthrough Advertising, is that unique mechanism content and process content that can overcome these dilemmas that you face if you have inconsistency. If your qualified buyer leads are getting poached by competitors who immediately target your stuff, better messaging, more articulate messaging, better content, better creative, and we didn't just have to update the hammer them strategies. We didn't just have to deploy more content cycle bins and strategies like a reverse fly trap. We also had to take our breakout videos, which is a confirmation page best practice. If you are inside of my inner circle program, which there's a link for down in the description of this video, and the master internet marketing students, they're soon to get this document as well. My confirmation page best practices include this concept called breakout videos, which essentially means we're going to be anywhere between like five and 20 of these individual videos that are generally about a minute to 3 minutes long that each individually answer a question that's on the mind of a lead that's otherwise going to fail to convert. If these questions go unressed, it's going to make the sales team's job harder. They're going to have to educate more if you don't have these types of videos, if you aren't doing things like the hammer them strategy, and if you are not doing value dense email sequences. Okay, these things in addition to a handful that I'll leave off of YouTube that I leave exclusively for people in my inner circle program, exclusively for people in my master internet marketing program that have access to all of my SOPs with information like this. They also have access to my training library and AI Jeremy to communicate with about ensuring that all these things get executed at the highest levels. These people are protected, okay? Because they're ahead of this, not behind this in a reactive position. If you find yourself just getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on right now, I promise you this, your business is officially alongside about let's call it a dozen other businesses as soon as somebody expresses interest in your ads or in one of your competitor's ads. That's kind of the upside too, right? is that when you are a business that's similar to all your competitors businesses, if they are spending a ton of money, you might have recently seen a lift in your overall performance and quantity of people buying from you because of somebody who's driving the market by spending more money than you. You're not the leading advertiser in that example that might have interest that doesn't get converted. You in that case are kind of getting the sloppy seconds. You see the person who expressed interest is becoming aware of your business after. So think about it like this. If you have somebody that's spending like outspending you aggressively, okay? And you want to become more competitive. Think about if you implemented these things like think about if you had content cycle bins, think about if you had range with your direct response ads, a wide range of hooks, a wide range of creatives, you know, a wide set of conversion mechanisms that people could come into, right? that would that would do a lot for you if you were in that position. And vice versa, think if you're the leader in the market and you're the one spending the most. Think about how much more you have to protect and hedge against one of these little guys. You know, it's like you're the big shark and you just got these tiny little sharks on your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] underbelly that are eating off you, dude. Like they're living off you. You know, you are the ecosystem. You have to adapt. You have to change. You have to evolve your strategies that you're deploying relative to the fact that they're going to become that consumer is going to become immediately aware, literally immediately aware of everybody else they could possibly do business with that's similar to you. And that's kind of what's happened. That's what I was saying happened with that business that was spending 4600K a month. They're outspending every little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] small fry that's trying to compete with them. But like I said in the most recent two months, that's not preventing every qualified lead that comes onto the call being hyper aware, very sophisticated of every competitor that exists and is actively considering those people, right? And I just want to be clear, all this really comes as a result of, in this case, Facebook and Instagram and Google Adwords is doing this too. They've been pushing broad targeting and they've been pushing these like open-ended uh like all your targeting now if you do cold targeting for the most part is considered a suggestion. And some ad accounts literally label it as that. Like your targeting options are just suggestions. The good news is all the warm audience targeting like when you target social interaction or video viewers or website visitors or email list, customer lists, etc. Those are still respected and those are typically not treated as broad targeting, which is great. That still enables us to do well and have like very specific strategies like this in play. But let me be clear like all cold targeting is essentially broad targeting at this point. They believe, these platforms believe that advertisers are what limit this from historically happening a lot more anyway, right? With all this broad targeting in place, it's more up to the algorithm than ever before about who's going to get served what, and it has so much less to do with targeting. And that really just goes to demonstrate that these platforms have so much more confidence in their ability to match interests, real-time interests to solutions that businesses offering can provide to them. That's why they've stripped away the ability for you to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this up through controlling your targeting more. Okay. So, this system's not going away. I don't think this is going to change. I don't know if this is like an ethics thing that historically has prevented him from doing this or if it's been targeting that's historically prevented him from like having this level of interest relevance. But I will say this, it is pretty interesting how different the experience of advertising is relative to what you have to talk about on the back end just due to the fact that almost everybody is coming through extremely aware and extremely sophisticated now. It's it's very different than what it was. Again, historically, like almost every market at a given time could have a different stage of sophistication and a different stage of awareness. Right now, like you can treat all advertising and all marketing opportunities like they are these later stages of market sophistication and awareness. You can just kind of skip over the I can just make the claim. I can outspend everybody and make the claim. I can start talking about unique mechanisms. I have to now start talking about my process and unique mechanisms. you just go straight to having to talk about the unique mechanism and the process and the claims, you know, it's it's just not as simple as it once was, you know? So, I want to be really clear when I say this, like you have to know this kind of stuff and you have to have a team in place that is aware and educated and like making changes relative to this because this this is as real time as it gets this information that I'm giving to you right now. And again, my my inner circle members, like my master internet marketing students, my clients obviously like they're all well equipped to deal with this. they're not experiencing a lot of the negatives and the downsides. But I'll tell you what, like the new people who come to us who are vulnerable about what's going on or just the people that we see out there in the market that ask us questions, dude, they are getting [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] swarmed by this thing and like they have no idea what to do. So anyway, this is me trying to help you, give you some insight, you know, lend you a hand and help pick you up. I've tried to put enough information in this video to still give you what you need in order to go out there and get richer and solve this set of problems. But I do want to be clear, per usual, I withhold a tremendous amount on YouTube as a result of it being free. And I would actively encourage you if this is a serious and costly problem for you and you know that there's a lot of financial upside on the other side of solving this specific issue, check out some of the links down in the description and get the paid help that you need because that's going to be where we don't hold anything back and that's going to be where we really try to get you to the next level. And and we understand the name of the game. You know, our goal is to make you far more than what you're going to pay us. We don't make any income claims on this channel. We're by no means telling you that you're going to hit a million dollars a month. All we do is just hand down all the top lessons of the people that have been there, done that, and what they're doing. And this video is no different. It's just us trying to help you get richer. And hopefully we've done that here today. But whether we did or didn't, go check out some of my other videos on the channel. They're all bangers. And subscribe if you are not already. And I'll see you in another one. Toxin.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeremyHaynesTraining [3 likes]: Join The Inner Circle 👉 https://dmmguide.com/inner-circle

Get A FREE Week Of My Master Internet Marketing Program 👉 https://masterinternetmarketing.com/membership-area/d9d5bd1a45e
  2. @KarmaKattt [2 likes]: So from what I can gather you’re recommending more content and different types. However doesn’t Meta serve up the most successful ads. So I might have 10 ads, but it’s going to default to the high performing ad? 🤷‍♀️
  3. @ZachTheJack [2 likes]: I can't imagine this will last long. I haven't been paying attention to it yet but will be on the lookout for it now. And if it is indeed the case (which im sure it is) it sounds like mroe than anything it will just annoy people and over time we'll begin seeing less overall conversions, which may end up forcing Meta to backtrack on the change. Very interesting though, aprpeciate the insight!
  4. @attisday [1 likes]: 🔥🔥🔥love it bro you are #1 in marketing right now keep up the content, any content
  5. @ChillsyAir [1 likes]: bro is just yappin lol
  6. @Theblessingsoul-b3t [1 likes]: I dont comment often. But I must say Jeremy, you among all the top players gave me such a deep information in this video is what swifted me away. I really appreciate how openly and in free platform like youtube you are giving away such impressive piece of content ❤. 👏👏👏🗿
  7. @andrewgherrera [1 likes]: Just found Jeremy, definitely one of the best
  8. @gards-g4bgard: Thanks for your video😍😍😍
  9. @MarkReyes-v6d: Thanks for your video
  10. @johnm7635: Sounds like a more even playing field except for the over saturation. Reiterates creative and offer are still king. "Blitzing" people with retargeting always looks spammy imo. Can't say I've ever patronized a business that blows up my feed with pushy retargeting.
  11. @KingJaffeJae: I noticed this change as well. As soon as you started speaking about the feedback i realized the direction where it was going. Seems like messaging is more important than ever. Niching down even further.

Another note, this isnt exclusive to ads. I visit client facebook pages and will also get the same result from ads in my feed.
  12. @marketmonster6055: so bring them in based on an actual action maybe a e-book download, 100 percent video watch and then retarget them to hell?
  13. @camthetford3204: Do you work with local businesses or have a video on local businesses?
  14. @RyanJordan1111: so you just started using fb i see. that's why you need my system.
  15. @MiguelDantasC: Thank you, very valuable
  16. @We_Pure: Wow, i struggle with meta ads, im not very creative and im not tech savvy.  But this has me worried.  Now my competition (who are much larger than me) are going to show up infront of warm shoppers?
  17. @hungtranthinh3601: Thank you ! You are amazing
  18. @niladri82: Genius.
  19. @DeepResearchLab: Is it really a new thing? I always search for smth like shoes. Then I go to facebook and wait for ads with a lot of shoes to get better deals (not remarketing) or shops I couldn’t find in Google.
  20. @zachary-christian: first timer- I assume this is the same for local serviced based business ads as well. Do you have any future content scheduled for local Lead Gen? That would be awesome, thank you!

- Why All Brands Should Study Stanley Cup CEO Terence Reilly's Marketing Masterclass: Kind: captions Language: en imagine going back to 1994 and asking people what a hot product would look like in 2024 chances are it wouldn't resemble a Stanley Cup yet here we are the reusable water bottles are one of the most sought-after forms of Beverage containment largely thanks to Tik Tok Stanley's Revenue jumped from $74 million in 2019 to $750 million in 2023 but look behind the massive sales and there's a deeper case study in effective product marketing and leveraging cultural momentum I think with the Stanley Cup brand you're not really buying into Stanley you're buying into the community of all the other girls who have one in their hand and it's very similar in my opinion to Jolie the showerhead company that's gotten pretty popular through customers who post about it and you know on one hand it's it's something to brag about right you have this amazing piece of Hardware in your home it's that with the Stanley Cups as well but it's also it's this sense of community like everybody's got their Stanley Cup you know everybody's staying hydrated it's it's something that signals you know only good things Stanley Cups marketing has been successful in the diversity by which it's gone to Market so mean sanley cup is a 110 year old company right and the the products aren't terribly novel since its conception 110 years ago like the only new product it's had as far as a new actual product was think in 2016 2017 the Quinter Tumblr right they have different colorways since but the product has been by and large very much the same but the marketing savviness of Stanley Cup is its ability to not only do the traditional marketing means but also leverage other vehicles by which the message is not only reaching new people but done in new contexts right this uh this diversity of of communication derivative Works provides new opportunities to bring new people into the brand into the idea so they've partnered with content creators throughout Tik Tok that have taken the brand taking its products and reworked it through their own cultural frames for people who self-identify or subscribe to a similar culture as that Creator the success of Stanley's marketing is mainly credited to its company's president Terren Riley this is the same man who made Crocs cool during his 5-year stint as the Footwear company's Chief marketing officer after Riley saw the now famous Tik Tok of a woman's Stanley Cup surviving a carfire and still containing ice he said it showed the product is quote built for life and offered the woman free Stanley and a new car when I saw the that he was at the ham of all this you go oh of course because it is a very similar Playbook not in its executions but in its ethos in that brands are not owned by the company they are stewarded by the company but they are co-created their meanings are co-created by the people and if you invite people in to to co-create Val you to co-author The Narrative you share the pin with these people to be a part of the mythology and the folklore they'll do things that you could never do they'll take you in places that you can never be they'll provide a level of media creates that you can never buy because people trust people more than any form of marketing Communications Stanley the top All Steel Thermos bottle that's completely defendable Stanley has always always been kind of a blue collar utilitarian masculine product right it had an efficacy it had a utility and not unlike what Yeti has done with coolers and and probably their own tumblers and a portfolio of things they've they've really found a way to expand appeal to invite new users in to capture a higher margin by redefining the brand for a new generation and new audiences but it's all rooted in the product quality we see the absolute power of scarcity the absolute appeal of limited editions and and importantly what we also see is desire um and demand on full display right social commerce hasn't just um kind of catalyzed this it's created Community around it which is yet another thing we see here which is the power of community and ultimately identity naturally Stanley's warp speed rise in popularity has not been obstacle-free there were the uncivilized situations at Target the woman who was arrested for allegedly stealing $2,500 worth of Cups and customer concerns over potential lead content the company responded to the concern saying it does use lead containing sealing material during the manufacturing process but that the lead containing parts are covered with stainless steel making the cup safe that prompted competitors like Hydro Flask and aala to take shots at Stanley in social media posts and promote the safety of their own products but none of this appears to be slowing Stanley down they have a much better grasp on who their customer is and who's buying and why they're buying than probably most of the players in their category that sell through retail if you look at Stanley as a company it's not a company that was venture-backed and forced to grow over a couple years after launch it's a brand that took its time to grow and mature and build brand affinity and I think that's a great lesson because a lot of people who start a brand today they want it to blow up tomorrow and they want you know millions of fans who are Die Hard fans of their brand to be you know really excited about what they're doing but that takes a lot of time and consistency and continuity over the years the other one I think is figuring out how you turn your brand or your marketing engine into you know instead of a megaphone more sort of a a peer marketing engine I mean it's interesting because Yeti Hydro flas like these folks were sort of Main stays in in the category and again I I've never seen an ad for hydro FL you know I've only seen content for Yeti particularly around the coolers on online but never seen an ad for it but it's the cultural contagion of Stanley that has created such a gravitational pull and I haven't seen the other brand sort of been able to leverage its power in in this way which to me there's probably a a lot of folks looking at this case study their competitors saying how do we if not do our version of this but how do we and a more Savvy way of looking at it how do we ignite our own version of cultural contagion in ways that are very unique to us and the people who know us and love us there's no question this isn't just net positive it's net incredibly positive right and you know Mayhem at Target which is what we saw when they were released a limited edition color right you know first of all people are going to people and that's not Stanley's fault that's not Target's fault right you know idiots are going to be idiots but again what it does is it shows it shows demand it illustrates desire it puts it on full display we are all desperate right to connect to belong to express who we are to have a means of identification that is culturally relevant and that's just that's just humans being humans like we were the same way with we were in The Capes the architecture of our brains is unchanged and I don't think it's that bad to have what is a relatively affordable quote unquote luxury and accessible aspirational vehicle you know if it makes you happy do it as long as it doesn't hurt anyone else

  Top Comments:
  1. @martinsimmons5668 [2 likes]: Why does Dr Marcus Collins spend most of his on camera time looking to his left? What’s so interesting over there? It may be his script? It’s very distracting because now I’m much more interested in whatever he keeps turning to look at, than I am interested in whatever he is saying!  I really wish he would tell us what’s looking at because now he’s made me interested in whatever is to his left!
  2. @vadapavgamer4406 [1 likes]: everyone who has stanley is the proof they are idiot who falls in tactics
  3. @Amelia-m5l-o6n [1 likes]: Why does the channel name and cup name remind me of Stanley Forbes
  4. @smalltiny [1 likes]: I thought stanley cup was like a football league or something and not the green bottle my dad handed me down as an adult 😂
  5. @tunim4354 [1 likes]: Seriously? A case study? If you can make the vloggers and influencers use any of your product, you can be sure your product will become popular within a few weeks. The company didn't even market the product.
  6. @pranavrpranav2756 [1 likes]: Absolute BS
  7. @ASmith-hb4ed [1 likes]: Stanley still continues to make their stainless steel cups and bottles with toxic LEAD.  It is unnecessary to use LEAD in making bottles, but they don't want to update their manufacturiing. So it is a big NO on buying from Stanley for me.
  8. @HistoryFracture: Nice
  9. @dark8660: Anyone come here after thinking of Stanley Forbes from ggbd💔
  10. @misszillanial: cup looks so inconvenient... I would never get any of these if even you pay me to keep one. 😖😖
  11. @suhail247: Why KIA car has major stake in car firing ?! Do they have serious issues in their wiring system?
I like KIA cars by it’s design and features
  12. @user-tb1io2ly1s: Many of the folks are laughing on the customers because of there behaviour. But what stanley hit is the core customer trait, we all want the sense of belonging, in a group and just want to stand out little bit not too much from the group
  13. @nothingmuch2323: People always come up with reasons , either you succeed or Failed. 
Now everyone come up with why stanley is successful. But how much portion is from outlier, randomness and luck in this.
  14. @neighborhoodka: Never heard my mom mention Stanley my entire life and in the past 6 months she’s bought 2 of them 😂
  15. @THEFIRMLORE: Wow. See how things change over time
  16. @Gurwinderkailey: ❤🎉
  17. @UzmakiBlk: Hockey 🏒NHL Stanley Cup 🏒HNiC
  18. @PorscheLover_1: Definitely an interesting case to study. Whenever I think about the Stanley Cups and their marketing, I immediately associate them with the Labubu dolls and their vitality. I think what they have in common is influencer marketing and UGC. What this video failed to highlight was how big influencer marketing was around the Stanley Cups and how much money the company spent on the marketing of the cups before they actually went viral. Anyway, “People trust people more than any marketing communication,” well said!
  19. @k_mma: the iceflow is a great cup, had it for a yr now, but the problem for me is the fact I have to buy a whole new top for the cup when I lose the little plastic water stopper that’s not secured into the top, extremely wasteful disappointment that they don’t sell such a tiny piece
  20. @mywakenwinner: I like crocs though 😅

- Coca-Cola Contour Digital Campaign – Case Study: Kind: captions Language: en There is a simple Science Behind Happiness when you Create a unit Of Happiness for someone an increase of happiness is experienced by Both participants this consistently triggers a reciprocal response leading to ever greater measures Of Happiness introduce this Chain Reaction to a Network of recipients and the Effects become exponential as a brand Dedicated to making the world a happier place for Their 100 birthday coca-cola applied this Science to Somewhere that Isn't Always so cheerful social media we Wanted to find the creating people Happiness online and encourage Them To Make More Of It we began by using custom build listening software to analyze What was making South Africans Happy we then [Music] categorization TR database of hashtags and Surprise The Happy Makers with bespoke coke messages design content responses included images gift and custom Happy Birth music video Bir all of these responses designed to be rapidly personalized exposure was maxed by targeting influences that met Both Our quantitative and qu criteria In The Three month lifespan of our campaign we Had A social Reach of over 22 Million a Retreat rate of over 70 augmented Our fan bases expose and increase the Average person on social media exposure to Happiness isci

  Top Comments:
  1. @dalai_lami [11 likes]: Imagine how they culled those data, and how they will use it.
  2. @Xoro-rbk [8 likes]: Isn't this what Cambridge analytical did....
  3. @Taranginilol [5 likes]: Great animation and use of data. Loved the simplicity
  4. @riyamadaan8704 [5 likes]: Please tell the name of the music
  5. @creativereflux4336 [4 likes]: To see people suffering from diabetes is not a happy scene.
  6. @fadwa2413 [3 likes]: which program did you use to make this masterpiece? and what is the name of the music?
  7. @duajalanbaru [1 likes]: Is really diferend to cost in real life
  8. @pencilstreak9 [1 likes]: don't need a soda company complimenting my selfie, thanks
  9. @WebStrategyPlusCincinnati [1 likes]: Love it!
  10. @ddzdzuu2953: j'ai la réponse D si vous voulez j'échange contre la C
  11. @mickaelfernandes8221: La galère
  12. @ddzdzuu2953: ftg mickael
  13. @MuhammadNoman272: Oh My God, it's a Good job.
  14. @Manmaujikizindagi: What age you Target for this campaign
  15. @arnavtaraiyajain8009: song Name
  16. @DANNY6280000: so cool...just a pity coke is so bad for you....happy now, diabetes later :(
  17. @alisontran8303: Is it true that the authenticity of this campaign is customers seek for love and they want to receive love from others?
  18. @manolodiazcreator: I like the edition and animations, what is the name of this music?
  19. @crazyonwebteam: Quantum happiness theory is so cool .. thanks for the video. Looking forward to make it a part of out digital marketing training course curriculum. Check us out at ( http://www.crazyonweb.com )
  20. @jaclynbass6641: Want a hack to make money on the web. There is a quick way to find all online working methods. Check out google and just type: "TheMakeMoneyOnlinePro".

- 💼 How Client Case Studies Boost Business Success 🚀 | Proven Strategies & Examples: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone welcome back to efficiently yours today we're diving into a topic that can really boost your business and help you build stronger client relationships client case studies if you're wondering how to leverage case studies to Showcase your success and attract more clients you're in the right place make sure to stay till the end because I'll be sharing practical examples and tips to create your own powerful case studies if you find this helpful don't forget to hit that like button and subscribe for more marketing insights why client case studies are important first let's talk about why client case studies are essential think of them as your success stories but with real tangible proof instead of simply telling potential clients how good your service is case studies allow you to show them they highlight actual results demonstrate your problem solving abilities and build trust by showcasing your expertise in action here's the truth people want to know what's in it for me and by sharing case studies you're showing them exactly how you've helped others achieve success and how you can help them too key elements of a powerful case study so what makes a good case study there are a few key elements you want to include one the client's challenge what problem were they facing before they work with you two Your solution how did you address their challenge two be specific about the strategies or Services you used three the results this is the part that makes your case study shine three share measurable results like increased Revenue more traffic or improved efficiency four client testimonials a direct quote from the client about their experience with you as a personal touch keeping these elements clear and concise will help your case study stand out and stay impactful real life examples of successful case studies let's go over a couple of real life case study examples I worked with Jonathan who was struggling with their social media engagement after after implementing a strategic content calendar and running targeted ad campaigns we boosted their engagement rate by 60% in just 3 months another client KY needed help with their online store we revamped their website optimized their Co and launched email marketing campaigns resulting in a 35% increase in sales within 6 months these examples show how impactful case studies can be when you clearly present the challenge solution and results how to use client case studies in your marketing now how can you leverage these case studies here are a few ideas one website testimonials page feature case studies on your site to build credibility two social media posts share Snippets of your success stories to engage your audience three email campaigns include a case study to inspire potential clients and nudge them toward working with you four presentations and proposals include case studies to support your pitch and Clos deals faster remember the more ways you share your success stories the more visibility and trust you'll build conclusion and call to action so there you have it a step-by-step guide to creating and leveraging client case studies for your business these stories are a powerful way to demonstrate your expertise and gain new clients if you found this helpful don't forget to give this video a thumbs up and subscribe for more business tips and let me know in the comments are you already using case studies or do you plan to start after this video thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video

- The Best Marketing Ever | Art Of Selling | NEURO MARKETING | SHOT BY SHOT: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] products are made in the factory but brands are created in the mind even though we consider ourselves logical and modern human beings the majority of our decisions are made by the ancient instinctive subconscious part of our brains sometimes referred to as our reptilian brain let's have an insight into one such example in the field of marketing in the 1970s Japan's economy was booming and Nestle was looking for the way to transform that into dollars obviously the option they chose was coffee but not so fast it was no secret that Japanese consumers loved tea greatly so Nestle tested the market cautiously before jumping in there an several focus group asking consumers from every age group what they thought of Nestle Coffee surprisingly everyone loved it all focus group came back incredibly positive Japanese consumers really liked the taste of coffee Nestle executives got excited and they shifted into high gear preparing a rollout plan to have coffee on every shelf in Japan huge sums were spent on marketing and distribution and coffee hit the market with a blast and then it wasn't as expected Nestle Coffee just wasn't selling in Japan is there anything more depressing than an empty coffee shop it made no sense every study showed that Nestle Coffee would be the next big thing but Japanese consumers stuck to tea Japanese consumers liked the taste of coffee but simply chose not to buy it faced with this challenging situation Nestle decided to bring in the superstar of marketing clutter repel clutter repeal was not your typical marketer for starters he was actually a child psychiatrist who had spent years working with autistic children but because of this experience he was convinced of one thing that people can't tell you what they really want he believed that the real desires that drove humans were unconscious ones and only very few people were aware enough to understand them clawed are called this is reptilian instinct an example of clutters work was with Jeeps latest models which hadn't been selling and the company couldn't understand why clutter came back with the oddest of suggestions go back to using round headlights clutter realized that for American consumers a Jeep meant freedom it was the symbol of Wild West of running free and equivalent to horse for Americans the Jeep was the modern horse when Jeep had changed their headlights shaped from round to square they had lost that connection because the headlights no longer looked like a horse's eyes Jeep changed it back and the sales went up unbelievably now back to Nestle in Japan when clutter arrived he was quick to understand that Japanese consumers had no connection to coffee no early childhood association Japanese kids grew up watching their parents drink tea lived with the smell of tea in the air and ate tea flavored snacks was it any surprise that as adults they chose tea over coffee so what did clutter recommend yes the coffee candies suddenly hordes of Japanese kids began to discover the taste of coffee through dozens of different candy types from there they eventually moved on to cold sugary coffee flavored drinks and then to lats and then before they knew it big steamy mugs of Nescafe coffee not bad for a market that wouldn't buy coffee just 40 years ago the key is no matter what story you tell make the buyer the hero

  Top Comments:
  1. @wakaastudio [101 likes]: Recently, I discovered a fascinating book that delves into a topic I've been exploring. It offers unique insights that set it apart from others. It breaks down the psychology behind the marketing strategies employed by leading marketers today, complete with practical examples. The title is Don't Buy This Book - Marketing Secrets, and interestingly, it has been banned in many countries. I stumbled upon it on the baluter books website. You might want to check it out!
  2. @amitkoyande [3 likes]: So you mean all adults all of a sudden started eating coffee candies first? 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
  3. @DevnaJaiswal [2 likes]: Upfront payments for quality leads and marketing are too pricey, and I can't afford it. I need a service where I only pay for results. Any ideas?
  4. @Thestudionus [1 likes]: You rock and keep up the good work&rolls.
  5. @aaraavmehtaa: Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind. Discover how hitting the subconscious reptilian brain can completely transform consumer behavior☕🚀
  6. @websitedesigner7158: Round headlights made the sales increase? are you sure.?
  7. @adamwill4029: People who still buy Nestle need to be eliminated
  8. @tvlabstudios: Good video, great info but the AI voice is just so bad :(
  9. @buzzboomer: I think the Nestle case study perfectly shows that traditional market research isn't enough. You have to understand the cultural and emotional connection people have to products. What's one product where you think the brand has a deep emotional connection with its customers?
  10. @pkb-m5l: We have only 3 sec
  11. @maneeshahooja: Informative. Thank you.
  12. @bappojappo-_-3986: and its all over my screen, another amazing video!
  13. @danielgaviria1751: Art of Manipulating
  14. @Luucky-888: 😮
  15. @UtkarshSrivastav-d4v: But it didn't worked in India, only for some areas
  16. @BQENews: Ugh the AI narration makes this almost unlistenable.
  17. @SuccessMindset2180: Without learning about consumers, there is no real company
  18. @breakoutbusinessenglish: I'm sure the video had good content, but for me I turned it off as soon as I heard the AI voice over. Sorry!
  19. @EMClipsHub: Informative!
  20. @laurilepp6304: This is what women are doing. They make men believe that they are heroes and for that feeling men give all their money to women 🤣

- Copy This Meta Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business: Kind: captions Language: en My agency is working on more than 1,200 meta ad accounts right now. We literally have more than 1,200 Facebook ad accounts in our business manager and almost no one on earth has access to that many ad accounts, access to that much testing resource, which has allowed us to test so many different Facebook and Instagram ad strategies. And in this video, I'm going to show you the ad strategy that is consistently producing the best results for us right now. Okay. Okay, so I'm going to start by showing you the recommended campaign structure and then we'll talk about other important elements of this strategy like the creative stuff that is obviously key as well. So let's jump into an example ad account. I'll demonstrate this. I'm going to create a couple of um example campaigns and then label them up so that you know um what we're doing here. So this is what we're doing for most businesses now, right? What we're finding is working best. And like I said, we've really been able to test this. So let's give these a label. So, let's call this one our scaling campaign. And let's call this one our testing campaign. And that's what we're going to use for the vast vast majority of businesses is just the two campaigns. Now, within those campaigns, we're going to have one adset each. Those adsets going to be targeting the same people. It's going to be a mixture of cold and warm audiences, often going to be open targeting or something very close. Now, the reason why we do that is because the way meta ads is structured now, when you're using the suggested audience function, which nearly all advertisers are, um, even if you try and separate out your warm audiences and your cold audiences, meta is going to kind of blend the two anyway. So, you might as well consolidate that into one ad set per campaign and just get all that data in there and allow Meta to uh to optimize properly. If we do have separate ads, that's usually because we're segmenting by location, not by different targeting options like interests or like I said between cold and warm and stuff like that, right? So, why do we have the two campaigns? What it really allows us to do is a lot of creative testing and creative testing in a way that allows us to take advantage of our winners, but also continually test. If you just have the one campaign, which I know a lot of advertisers attempted to do now because they understand from people like me and other people saying that you want to consolidate, you want less campaigns, you want less adsets, you want to put more conversion data within that one element so that Meta can optimize better. But the problem with doing that all the way down to just one campaign is that often you'll have one or two ads that are performing best and you basically can't test because you try and introduce new ads to run alongside the best performers and Meta just goes, "No, no, no. we've got winners. We're going to keep putting budget on those and not put any budget on the new stuff. And therefore, you never really find out what works. You can't test. You can't build a bank of ads that you know can perform well or ready to go. And what happens is that your best performers slowly over time drop off because they fatigue and then you end up in a a bit of a a bad situation where you don't have ads ready to go. You haven't been able to test. You haven't been able to see what works. If we have the scaling campaign, we can therefore benefit from our winners. We can spend money in there, get great results, get lots of sales, get lots of leads, etc. But we also have a separate campaign where we can test new ads. We can force Meta effectively to spend money on that on on the different new creatives. And we may well find that when Meta gives those ads a proper go at it, that some of those perform better even than the ones in our scaling campaign. And then we can look to move them over and run them as part of our scaling campaign and and continually get better results. We know how important testing is. We know how important creative testing is to find ads that might outperform our current ones, but also might give us more longevity because we know our current ones are going to fatigue at some point. Right now, in terms of the budget split between your scaling campaign and your testing campaign, very much depends on the results that you're seeing. If your results are great, you want to spend more money on your scaling campaign. Could be 80% of your overall budget, for example, because you want to take advantage of that winner. But if your results are quite poor, let's say you're unprofitable, well, you don't really want to be spending much at all on your best performers, on your scaling campaign, because what's the point spending a lot of money on ads that aren't working, much better then to dedicate more of your budget to testing, to finding potentially ads that can perform really well. Then you can look to change the split once you do find those winners. Uh, but having more budget in that scenario in the testing campaign allows for more testing, allows for fast testing. You're more likely to find those winners that you could then move over to the scaling campaign. Okay, so that's campaign structure. Like I said, very simple and it's done that way on purpose. Simple, but allows us to do a lot of creative testing, which we'll get to in a second. First, I want to let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible Facebook ad and Instagram ad results. And included in my mentorship program are multiple live calls and Q&As's per day. So, you can literally jump on with us and ask us any questions that you've got. Those calls are held by both me and my expert team members. You get unlimited one-to-one chat support, access to exclusive educational materials. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description below. You can click on that, go through to a page on our website, book in a free, no obligation call with one of my team members, and hopefully we get a chance to work together very soon. So, let's move on to the creative part of this strategy that I'm talking about. And I imagine that some of you watching this who have seen my previous videos will now be thinking, "Okay, Ben, yeah, I get it. You're going to tell me that I need to create lots of different ads and they need to be video ads and I need to dedicate my entire life to becoming a video ad creator. and if I do that long enough with enough ad variations, eventually I'll find winners and I'll make loads of money from meta ads and I'll grow my business, etc., etc. That's not actually what I'm going to recommend here at all. You do need lots of ads, but I don't want you to make any ads with this strategy that I'm talking about. I don't want you to make the ads yourself. What I want you to do is hire influencers and creators to make your ads for you. This is potentially the single most undervalued and underutilized tactic in the meta ads world that I really want to get the message out there about because it can help improve your performance so much. We have seen this now with so many different businesses that we work with that when you work with the right influencers and creators, your results can absolutely take off. Why does that happen? Few reasons. Firstly, influencers and creators are normally really good at making content. That's how they became an influencer and creator in the first place. They'll be one of thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, maybe millions depending on how big their niche is, right? That's how good they're going to be. Maybe not one, maybe, you know, 10 of a 100,000 people that are making content in that space, the ones that that rise to the top. So, they're really good at making video content. So, you don't have to learn that skill. You don't have to re-engineer your entire life to becoming a video ad creator. You can just benefit from their expertise by hiring them to do it for you. Secondly, if they have a following and that following matches with your target audience and people respect what they say and their recommendation carries weight, the impact of having that person in your video ads is enormous. It is going to stop the scroll. It is going to hold your audience's attention. It is going to convince them to click and much more likely to convince them to convert. I I still think even though I talk about other people talk about it, that it is massively uh underappreciated. I've seen the exact same offer, the exact same product, the exact same business go from a 2x rorowass to a 6x rorowass just because basically the same ad was created, but it was done by an influencer in that space in the first place. It doesn't cost anywhere near as much as a lot of people think. You don't need to work with people that the entire world knows. You can work with niche specific influencers that charge a lot less. And the reason in many cases why they charge less is because they're very much set up for this. Like it doesn't take them very long. when I uh for example, I have sponsors on my content, right? And I do this as an influencer. Obviously, I'm on both sides of the fence here. I'm an advertiser and I'm an influencer. Uh when I create uh when I produce a a sponsor segment, like an integration for for a sponsor, doesn't take me very long. I now to record video, my editors know what they're doing. I know the words to say, I know what resonates with my audience. Like, they can do this relatively quickly and easily. They don't necessarily charge that much uh money for it. And especially if you're going to run it as an ad, here's the added advantage, you are basically giving that influencer or creator extra free exposure. Cuz if you say, I want you to record an ad for me. By the way, I'm going to go and advertise this to a million people over the next 3 months or have, you know, whatever the time frame is and however many people are, that's a good selling point, too, right? That's a good deal for them. They want more exposure. They want more people to see um who they are. Now, I'm not just going to give you that generic advice of just hire influencers. I'm going to get a lot more specific than that and go through the details. Here's what I'd recommend you use. Meta has created a fantastic free tool called the creator marketplace. Now, if I just go ahead and click on all tools and then scroll down here, I can find under engage audience the creator marketplace. Now, not every advertiser has access to this yet, but this is an incredible free resource where you can find creators that have audiences in your space really quickly and easily. You can search using keywords. You can then reach out. You can create campaigns letting creators know exactly what you want from a deliverable standpoint. We will get to that, the tactics around that in a second. And this whole interface, like I said, free to use, is just such an easy way to do what I think has been a hurdle, a stumbling block for a lot of advertisers previously. They've thought, "Oh, how do I even get in touch with these influencers and creators and then maybe they tried sending a few emails and never got a response. They thought, "This is a waste of time. I won't do this." This platform makes it really, really easy. More about this uh in a second. But before I get to that, I want to talk about the deliverables of what I want you to ask the creator and influencer to produce for you. I'll get back to the video in a second, but first I want to let you know about Particle. Particle is a fantastic tool that takes meta ads targeting from good to exceptional by providing the in-depth market intelligence and competitive insights necessary to truly understand and reach the right audience in 2025 and beyond. With Particle, you can track competitor sales, pricing strategies, and product launches down to the skew level, which means you can identify which strategies are working well for your competitors, understand their target audienc's purchasing behavior, and uncover untapped market opportunities for your ads. Particle can also help you find new audiences or market segments by revealing top selling trends or product opportunities. Combine that with Particle's granular skew level data, and you'll be able to make more informed decisions about targeting, creative, and overall campaign strategy. Right now, you can get started with Particle for free. No credit card required. Just click the link in the video description below. Okay. So, here's what I want you to ask the creator or influencer to produce for you when you do reach out to them, when you do potentially create the campaign through um creator marketplace. I want you to get ask them to produce a couple of video ads promoting your product or service. And I'd normally recommend giving the the creator quite a lot of flexibility around how they do that. As again, someone who sits on both sides of the fence as an advertiser and and as a creator. Um, the businesses that I work with where they're really strict on exactly what I can say and how I can promote it, I tend to find those don't do as well as when I have a bit more flexibility around what I include and I can make it sound a bit more like me and a bit more natural and that sort of thing. So, you can of course add in guidelines and stipulations to make sure they don't go crazy and they say certain things, but remember they're good at this. They're good at getting attention. That's how they became a creator influencer in the first place. So, so giving them flexibility is a good thing. and they are incentivized to produce good results for you because they want to keep working with you if you're going to pay them to to produce this stuff. But here's the extra tactic that almost no one does, but it makes your influencer creator budget go so much further and also gives you a much greater chance of success, and that's to ask the creator to record 10 hooks. Okay? Now, a hook, most of my audience will understand, but a hook is going is is the first 3 seconds effectively, more or less, of a video ad. It's the opening scene combined with the opening line or two. And it won't take the creator hardly any extra time to do this. You're basically saying like, look, please uh that, you know, opening line also say these are the opening lines. Could you do that in a few different locations with very different backgrounds? I mean, it's going to take them a few minutes, certainly less than an hour in many uh instances. Quite quick and easy for them to do. they're not going to charge you much more for it. But when you have extra hooks, say 10 hooks, and you compare them with those, say two main ads, two full ads that they created for you, you now have 20 different ads basically for the price of, let's say, for three because they've got to record the full two and then maybe it takes as long to do all the hooks as it would do to create a third ad for you. So basically you're getting 20 ads for the price of three because most influence creators are going to charge kind of based on their time obviously factors in their audience size and and and that sort of thing right so it makes your budget go that much further. Now, the reason why it's 20 different ads, if you had take those first three seconds and you sort of add it to, you know, so you take all 10 hooks and you have 10 hooks with ad one and 10 hooks with ad two, that's 20 different ads because more than 90% of people that see your ad after more than 95% of people see your ad will never make it past those first three seconds. So, by changing that opening line or two and changing that opening scene, the visuals of it to to the vast majority of your audience, that is a completely different ad. They never saw the rest of it. So the fact that that's the same is just doesn't make any difference. And obviously for those small minority that actually did watch more of the ad, well, they're really interested anyway. So you want to advertise for th those people again, you want to have another go at grabbing their attention with a with a new hook to try and get the conversion, assuming they didn't already um convert. And it's something that we're doing more and more of part of our own creative testing when we're making ads, but also more and more with influencers is instead of h it's so much time and effort to create these like long detailed video ads. It's like, you know what, we've got a winner here. Let's just go and record that opening line with a completely different background with a different top on or with a different person or in a different location or uh let's change the opening line slightly and let's see if that performs as well. Because the hook, those first three seconds is by far the most important part of your video. if that's what's going to grab their attention or not, that's what's going to um in many cases determine the success of the ad because if they don't watch based on that and don't find out about the rest, they're not going to take the next steps. So, I really want to emphasize the hooks. It's such a high leverage activity. You could have input here if if the creators sort of a bit like, uh, what do I do? Be like, say that same thing, but just, you know, how your background is normally like this, just go do that somewhere else. do it with a phone selfie style as opposed to in front of your camera or vice versa depending on how you know that creator normally operates. It just needs to look quite different so you get past the what I call the I've seen this before filter when it's put in front of people. Also gives you a much greater chance that it will succeed because perhaps the influencer creates a an ad for you video ad and it just doesn't really land. Well, if you've got 10 different hooks, much more likely that at least one or two of them will land even if like the original one that they created um doesn't, right? So yeah, that is a really important extra wrinkle. You combine that tactic asking the created influencers to do that with using the creator marketplace. So you can easily find people, contact them, you create campaigns, and you've absolutely got a winning strategy that you can then employ, create lots of different ads. You know, we just talked about an easy way to get 20 ads from one creator. You plug that into the campaign structure that we talked about where you have the testing campaign and the scaling campaign. you can see how much testing you can get done quickly and at once. Obviously, in an ideal world, you'd work with multiple creators, multiple influencers, budget permitting. Um, and then you plug that in. The winners, you move over to your scaling campaign. You can see how this whole sort of ecosystem and this strategy works and is working particularly well right now. And I think this is only going to become more powerful as AI produces more and more social media noise, more and more nonsense that we just can ignore, things that aren't necessarily true. People are going to be looking for the signal and the signal is going to be people they trust. It's going to be the creators. It's going to be the influence. They're going to become more important as AI does more and more content creation, not less. I expect this strategy to be more valuable and more of a competitive edge as opposed to the opposite going forward. Now, earlier I briefly touched on the creator marketplace and how important that free tool is um as part of this strategy. By far the best way to go about doing this. Well, I break down the creator marketplace and demonstrate it in detail how to use it, how to create campaigns in this video here. And this really, this video here is very much a continuation of this one in order to get this strategy and use it properly. You need to go through this video. You need to watch the marketplace video. You need to set up your campaigns. Do it the right way so that you can find the right influencers. Get in touch with them. Find the right creators. Use this strategy. Use this campaign structure.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @busyrado: Very strong video👌, I only have 1 question about when we find a winner, do we duplicate it in the scaling campaign and stop it from the testing campaign?
  3. @Nahid-e9e: I hope you're doing well. I wanted to discuss improving your YouTube video performance through better SEO and more engaging thumbnails.
Optimizing titles, descriptions, and tags can significantly increase your video visibility, while eye-catching thumbnails can boost click-through rates and attract more viewers. Small improvements in these areas can make a big difference in overall channel growth.
If you're open to it, I’d be happy to share specific suggestions or help refine your current videos to maximize reach and engagement.
Let me know what you think!
  4. @user-vk9ff9gr4x: So if you show your ads two times to 100,000 people should that not have a different hook? And for this reason I'm out😂
  5. @crypt0nubie111: Hi Ben, thank you for this video - just a couple questions;

so for the two campaigns: 

testing:
- do we just continuously add different creatives?
- and how long / how much spend typically when testing new creatives

scaling:
- do you just slowly increase budget daily?

Thanks!
  6. @Mayank-ai-DS: Interesting take on the Meta carousel setup—keeps guessing awhile on creative vs copy. I’m running AI‑generated ads for apparel brands so all the model creds and subscription layers are already sorted; the real drain is tackling the creative loop solo. If the grind of making every piece killiosionically better ever feels like a marathon, I’m looking for a partner who lives in that space.
  7. @mosesdwirianto1586: Thank you for sharing Ben!
  8. @TintologyLabs: Once we get enough data to prove the testing creative is good, how do we move it over to scaling? Just with post id?
  9. @8ight8ight07: Lets say you have 20€ budget daily. Would it be better to spend all the money on one ad or should I do 3 ads and let meta decide which ad gets what amount of budget?
  10. @hidde7138: So when you find winners, and copy those to your scaling campaign. Do you turn off the winners in the testing campaign? I heard you don't want to do that, thus repeating the cycle where META does not test anything
  11. @Washwizard2019: I I like you, Ben, but I bet in the 500,000 subscribers you have on this channel more than %70 of them couldn’t afford influencers at $500 a pop or they don’t even have influencers in their demographic area for their service business or local business  even if the video has 10 extra hooks but you seem to be pushing it really hard since Meta put content creator marketplace  on the platform I wonder if there’s any correlation between those two coincidences.
  12. @TrinhLe-r7q: The scaling campaign though, will take your budget and of your say 10 ads to scale, it will prioritise budgeting only 3 or 4 of them, will they not? So effectively, in your method, 6 or 7 'winners' will not get budget, what do you say about that?
  13. @ohyeah7234: Thanks for the information! 
What if you just set minimal budget for a new creative within one campaign, instead of creating whole new campaign for testing?
  14. @gabxonokeke: You should have captioned this "Influencer Marketing" instead.
  15. @adspoc: Ben. I love you. You are my inspiration but it seems i have FAILED you. I cannot crack this code. If you can read this next comment and guide me. How can I get out of this mess. I will forever be in your debt.
  16. @TheSportsRager: This guy is helpful, but talks way too much. Just show us how to set things up correctly, we dont need to know every little detail.
  17. @danielkelly8645: in your testing campaign how do you deal with the situation when say one new test creative takes up 90% off the budget from the 6/7 new test creatives that just went live? That seems to be the biggest issue we are having
  18. @MikencoAgency-ads: Always interesting to see how people structure their Meta ads strategy in practice.
  19. @codyrhinehart8990: i'm curius to something, what percentage of those ad accounts are ecomm vs service?
  20. @stockholmcompany3493: so you use the testing campaign as a CBO and make a new adset when you are going to test a new ad or pack of ads?   thank you :)

- Conversion API Explained (and Why It Matters for B2B Marketers): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running ads today, you've felt it. Tracking has changed. Traditional signals aren't as reliable as they used to be. And that's putting pressure on marketers to get smarter about their data. And for marketers, that means one big question: How do you keep your campaigns measurable in a privacy-first world? Hi, I'm Emilie. I'm a product manager at Funnel Focused on everything related to data going out of the platform. That means I work closely with the teams responsible for how we send data to external destinations, like ad platforms. Lately, we've been working specifically on conversion API integrations, and we've just launched a feature called activate. It's a tool that lets marketers automate and manage their conversion uploads to platforms like LinkedIn. So what does all of that mean for you? Think of it like switching from shouting in a noisy room to having a clear private line straight to your ad platform. That's where conversion APIs or CAPI comes in. And that's the future of performance marketing. Conversion APIs originated as a solution to the growing signal loss caused by cookie deprecation and tracking restrictions. But they're not just a technical fix. They're a strategic tool. By enabling direct communication between your source of truth and platforms like LinkedIn or Google. CAPI ensures that your conversions are attributed accurately so you can make smart decisions and optimize them more effectively. So how does it actually work behind the scenes? Imagine tracking your conversions like mailing a letter through five postal carriers. Some lose it, some delay it and some don't deliver at all. That's client-side tracking today. Now, imagine handing your message directly to the recipient. That's CAPI. Conversion APIs send your conversion data from purchases to form fields straight from your source of truth to your ad platforms. No browser, no blockers, no guesswork. And why does that matter? Well, browsers and ad blockers are blocking traditional tracking. Privacy laws like GDPR and CCPA are tightening. And in a time of tighter budgets and rising expectation, marketers are under pressure to squeeze more value from every dollar spent. That means you need data you can trust. Complete, clean and ready to drive smarter decision. That's why marketers are turning to conversion APIs. With direct conversion sharing, you're in control of the signals you send to your ad platforms. You can define what success really means, whether it's a purchase, a subscription or a qualified lead. That clarity helps platforms optimize your ads more effectively so you reach the right people at the right time with the right message. What CAPI actually does for you. So what does CAPI actually do for your marketing? First, it gives you a reliable and automated way to share your most important conversion data with ad platforms. Once it's set up, Funnel handles the heavy lifting. Securely syncing the right data at the right time to the right destination. No manual uploads, no guesswork, just a scalable integration you can trust. Second, it helps you spend smarter. By sending richer signals, you're letting the algorithm know exactly which ads are pulling their weight and which ones aren't. That means lower cost for action and better returns. Third, it also unlocks better targeting. You're not throwing darts in the dark. You're tailoring your campaign with confidence using real-first party data. And maybe most importantly, it keeps you on the right side of privacy laws. You're not sneaking around user consent. You're building a strategy that's respectful and resilient. Running campaigns without CAPI is like trying to cut steak with a butter knife. Sure, you'll get there eventually, but it's slow, messy and frustrating. Add CAPI, and suddenly you're working with the precision of a chef's knife. Clean. Confident. Effective. LinkedIn's conversion API + Funnel. Now let's talk about LinkedIn. B2B buying cycles are long. On average, 192 days. And a full revenue impact from marketing? That can take up to two years. That's why LinkedIn introduced CAPI and why platforms like Funnel make it even more powerful. Funnel is your command center for CAPI. An orchestrator that lets you control what data gets sent, where it goes and how often. You bring the strategy. Funnel handles the delivery. Automated, compliant, no code required. And this isn't built from scratch. Funnel Activate, the engine behind our CAPI connections, is built on our export platform, refined over nearly a decade. It's stable. It's scalable and it's marketer friendly. That solid foundation doesn't just make it reliable. It opens the door to something more powerful. So what kind of results are marketers actually seeing? A recent LinkedIn study across nearly 900 advertisers showed that using CAPI led to a 31% increase in attributed conversions and a 20% decrease in cost per action. That's not just better reporting, it's better performance. So performance marketers love the flexibility. CMOs love the results. Funnel’s CAPI tools deliver for both. And this is just the beginning. While conversions are the current focus, future integrations could expand into audiences, reporting and customer journeys. And at Funnel, we're already exploring how to bring those next generation capabilities to life so you can act on even more of your data in even smarter ways. Adopting a conversion API approach isn't just a technical setup, it's a strategic shift. It means asking bigger questions. Where does your marketing data live? Who controls it? And how do you activate it in a way that aligns with your goals, not just your ad platform's defaults? With the right setup, you're not just optimizing campaigns. You're building a smarter, more resilient marketing engine. Conversion APIs represent a turning point in digital marketing. Clean, first-party data takes center stage and measurement evolves to meet the privacy-first world. The companies that thrive tomorrow are the ones making these moves today. So here's a question worth sitting with: If conversions fueled your growth, are you making sure that truth is reaching the platforms shaping it? The smartest marketers are already rethinking how their data works for them. Now, are you one of them? Thanks for watching. If this helped clarify things, hit subscribe. We share regular insights on smarter marketing, better data and what's next for B2B growth.

- Ed Dowd | They’re Faking The AI Numbers: Kind: captions Language: en-US Anthropic did not want to show them the numbers.&nbsp; They like Uber, they burn through their token&nbsp;&nbsp; budget. They say it's more expensive than&nbsp; letting go of a worker. Some of these data&nbsp;&nbsp; centers haven't even broken ground. The&nbsp; thing I noticed in the fall of last year,&nbsp;&nbsp; there was this panic from Sam Altman and&nbsp; Sarah Friar, CFO of OpenAI. I watched the&nbsp;&nbsp; body language. It showed a little bit of&nbsp; fear. I saw this in 07. I saw this in 2000.&nbsp;&nbsp; Nothing said on Risk Takers is a recommendation&nbsp; to buy or sell any asset, token, or security. The&nbsp;&nbsp; views expressed by hosts and guests are purely&nbsp; their opinion and do not constitute financial&nbsp;&nbsp; advice. Ed, thank you so much for being here.&nbsp; Honestly, this is an enormous privilege. I really&nbsp;&nbsp; appreciate your time. Thank you for having me on.&nbsp; Great to be here. Oh, it's a pleasure, man. Ed,&nbsp;&nbsp; could you start broad picture, entire macro&nbsp; backdrop right now, kind of where we are. You&nbsp;&nbsp; can just take as long as you need, just set the&nbsp; table. So in the beginning of this year we put out&nbsp;&nbsp; our US economic report warnings of the danger of a&nbsp; recession this year and in fact a global downturn&nbsp;&nbsp; as well. And we also put out a report on China&nbsp; and they're entering the key phase of their real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate crisis. So in the US there are three things&nbsp; we highlighted before the Iran war. That is a new&nbsp;&nbsp; variable. But before the war we had a housing&nbsp; downturn on our forecast which is in process.&nbsp;&nbsp; We had an AI bubble that we were monitoring which&nbsp; is blown even bigger. We thought it was topping&nbsp;&nbsp; when we wrote the report but it looks like it&nbsp; has one more push up. And then China was a big&nbsp;&nbsp; threat to the US economy because it's going to&nbsp; affect the rest of the globe and that will have&nbsp;&nbsp; contagion into the US. So we see three major risks&nbsp; and one of the things we talked about was where&nbsp;&nbsp; it might manifest first is in the private credit&nbsp; space which it did. We wrote that in January and&nbsp;&nbsp; private credit which was responsible for basically&nbsp; the last two years of marginal credit growth from&nbsp;&nbsp; the commercial banks to these guys was all in&nbsp; that sector and that sector grew 50% in the last&nbsp;&nbsp; two years. So that sector is basically shut down.&nbsp; Today we just had or last night we had Cliffwater&nbsp;&nbsp; announce they had 17% redemptions from their fund.&nbsp; They gated, they're only allowing 5%. That 17% for&nbsp;&nbsp; Q2 is up from 14% from Q1. And all the alternative&nbsp; asset managers are down on that news today. So&nbsp;&nbsp; effectively the marginal credit creation engine&nbsp; of the US economy is kind of frozen at the moment.&nbsp;&nbsp; What keeps the economy going is credit and we&nbsp; suspect the last two years of that private credit,&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of it was AI driven but other zombie&nbsp; companies across the country. So we think the&nbsp;&nbsp; credit contraction is slowly beginning and this&nbsp; is only going to reverberate and housing has got&nbsp;&nbsp; problems and employment is going to have problems.&nbsp; So we are very cautious on the economic outlook.&nbsp;&nbsp; The stock market so far is not agreeing with&nbsp; us. But this rally since the lows put in after&nbsp;&nbsp; the war began has been basically all AI&nbsp; and semiconductors. And so now we have a&nbsp;&nbsp; S&P 500 index which is 45% AI or AI adjacent. And&nbsp; semiconductors are about 18% of the S&P 500 as one&nbsp;&nbsp; industry. And they're 30% of the NASDAQ. And I've&nbsp; been doing this a long time. When semiconductors&nbsp;&nbsp; put in parabolic moves, these are ending moves,&nbsp; these are not beginning moves and we think the&nbsp;&nbsp; bubble starts to burst sometime soon and timing is&nbsp; always difficult but I'm not coming telling people&nbsp;&nbsp; to short the market, I would be telling people to&nbsp; raise cash so we are in bubble watch. We are in&nbsp;&nbsp; the end days of this, we got some big IPOs coming,&nbsp; there is going to be a lot of stock supply, there&nbsp;&nbsp; is a lot of hype around this, so we think that&nbsp; this is getting close to the end. I mean, I reckon&nbsp;&nbsp; we could just end the conversation here. You've&nbsp; basically unplugged every single thing, wrapped&nbsp;&nbsp; up in a little bow, and just passed it across the&nbsp; table. So, thank you so much. But there are a few&nbsp;&nbsp; things that I want to unpack first. So, just on&nbsp; the equity valuations, and what we're hearing at&nbsp;&nbsp; the moment in terms of equity valuations is&nbsp; that these valuations are justified because&nbsp;&nbsp; earnings are increasing and for the biggest&nbsp; gainers that we've seen, whether it is SanDisk,&nbsp;&nbsp; Micron, obviously Nvidia as well, these companies&nbsp; that have just done absolutely ridiculous returns&nbsp;&nbsp; in the last 12 months. Ever since the launch&nbsp; of ChatGPT really they have gotten cheaper in&nbsp;&nbsp; real terms because their forward earnings have&nbsp; essentially been beating earnings every single&nbsp;&nbsp; time. And as they've been beating earnings, yes&nbsp; their valuations have been going up enormously&nbsp;&nbsp; but on a forward earnings perspective, they've&nbsp; been getting cheaper. So, how does this all play&nbsp;&nbsp; out? Is it earnings that drop first? Where do&nbsp; you see it playing out? Well, first of all, the&nbsp;&nbsp; overall stock market is at record valuations. The&nbsp; Shiller PE, the CAPE PE, the Berkshire Hathaway&nbsp;&nbsp; measurement, they are all off the charts back to&nbsp; dotcom levels in valuation. And the valuations&nbsp;&nbsp; were high last year. It is not a timing tool,&nbsp; but if you were to say get an inheritance from&nbsp;&nbsp; your grandmother of 5 million dollars and you&nbsp; decided to put it all in the S&P 500 today, your&nbsp;&nbsp; projected forward 10-year returns would be zero,&nbsp; including dividends. Meaning that there is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be a big drawdown between now and then because&nbsp; unless people will say it is different this time,&nbsp;&nbsp; mean reversion is mean reversion and it always&nbsp; happens. So the overall stock market is expensive.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now let's talk about the semiconductors. I have&nbsp; been doing technology, I was a technology analyst&nbsp;&nbsp; in the late 90s, early 2000s before I became a&nbsp; portfolio manager at BlackRock where I managed&nbsp;&nbsp; growth equity. Semiconductors have boom and bust&nbsp; cycles and in the boom cycle their profits explode&nbsp;&nbsp; because there are shortages and their margins go&nbsp; up and everybody tries to get in line and people&nbsp;&nbsp; double order and their earnings explode. The PEs&nbsp; compress so they look cheap but you do not buy&nbsp;&nbsp; especially after a parabolic move up. I will just&nbsp; use Micron as an example. Micron was a 60 billion&nbsp;&nbsp; market cap 13 months ago. It is a trillion&nbsp; plus today. And it looks cheap. That means the&nbsp;&nbsp; market sniffs out that those earnings are not&nbsp; sustainable. So the E is going to be wrong at&nbsp;&nbsp; some point. Fabulously wrong. And there has never&nbsp; been a soft landing in a semiconductor boom and&nbsp;&nbsp; bust cycle ever. They are notoriously cyclical.&nbsp; And what has been causing a lot of the shortages&nbsp;&nbsp; are two things. Huge capex pull forward from the&nbsp; AI complex. And the most recent problem has been&nbsp;&nbsp; the helium shortages due to the Iran war. So that&nbsp; caused an extra push because people wanted to get&nbsp;&nbsp; ahead of the potential shortages. So there is a&nbsp; lot of people in frenzy buying of semiconductors&nbsp;&nbsp; and memory chips. Now if you look at the capex&nbsp; of the AI complex, there is a narrative change&nbsp;&nbsp; going on right now. First of all, there is debate&nbsp; as to whether Anthropic and OpenAI will ever be&nbsp;&nbsp; profitable and is there any ROI to the end&nbsp; customers for using AI. We are starting to&nbsp;&nbsp; get anecdotes that no, it is too expensive and it&nbsp; is not ready for prime time. A lot of people are&nbsp;&nbsp; reporting, like Uber, they burn through their&nbsp; token budget and they say it is more expensive&nbsp;&nbsp; than letting go of a worker. So it is a classic&nbsp; tech hype cycle. The internet went through the&nbsp;&nbsp; same thing. I am not an AI negative on it saying&nbsp; it is not a real tech. It is a real tech and it is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be implemented over the next 10 years,&nbsp; but the hype cycle on it is too much, too fast,&nbsp;&nbsp; and reality sets in. There are bottlenecks, legal&nbsp; issues, and it is just not being deployed as fast&nbsp;&nbsp; as people would like. In fact, it is not ready for&nbsp; prime time. And one of the other problems with the&nbsp;&nbsp; capex buildouts is that there is a gating issue&nbsp; of power. All these data centers that have been&nbsp;&nbsp; announced and all the chips that have been bought&nbsp; to fill these data centers, some of these data&nbsp;&nbsp; centers haven't even broken ground. So there is&nbsp; suspicion that there are Nvidia chips and other&nbsp;&nbsp; things lying around in warehouses getting ready&nbsp; to be deployed. So I think this is a classic&nbsp;&nbsp; infrastructure build, it is like a gold rush.&nbsp; The people go to mine gold and the people who&nbsp;&nbsp; make most of the money are the pick and shovel&nbsp; producers which are Nvidia and the chip guys.&nbsp;&nbsp; They are making all the profits much like Cisco&nbsp; made all the profit in the telecom internet boom&nbsp;&nbsp; by selling routers. The problem is their customers&nbsp; aren't making money and eventually that stops.&nbsp;&nbsp; The credit markets and the investors demand an ROI&nbsp; and capex pauses. Then there is a washout and then&nbsp;&nbsp; these assets get repriced at pennies on the dollar&nbsp; and then we have productivity down the road. So it&nbsp;&nbsp; is a classic new technology bubble and bubbles are&nbsp; a feature of capitalism. We had a railroad bubble&nbsp;&nbsp; and after the bubble burst we had railroads and a&nbsp; lot of those initial investors got wiped out but&nbsp;&nbsp; we had railroads. The dotcom dark fiber network&nbsp; was built out in the late 90s and then it went&nbsp;&nbsp; bust and then we had cheap broadband and that&nbsp; is why Apple was able to introduce a smartphone&nbsp;&nbsp; because there was cheap broadband everywhere.&nbsp; That is why Google IPOed after the dotcom bust,&nbsp;&nbsp; that is why Facebook IPOed after the dotcom bust.&nbsp; So a lot of the real true wealth was made after&nbsp;&nbsp; the bust. This is just a feature of capitalism,&nbsp; not a bug. And it is not a bad thing. It is just&nbsp;&nbsp; how it works. So, what is it about now that makes&nbsp; it closer to 1999 than it is closer to 1996? So,&nbsp;&nbsp; that is the debate. People are saying we are&nbsp; 96 or 95 and we got another five years of this.&nbsp;&nbsp; This cycle has been super fast and the amount&nbsp; of capex that has been deployed is mind-boggling&nbsp;&nbsp; and unfortunately there is a lot of circular&nbsp; financing going on. This has been highlighted by&nbsp;&nbsp; analysts that have done the deep dive and they&nbsp; have shown that Nvidia is selling to OpenAI and&nbsp;&nbsp; OpenAI is selling to Microsoft, so there is&nbsp; all this circular financing and there is no&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow. There are earnings being generated by&nbsp; these hyperscalers but not cash flow. And so this&nbsp;&nbsp; is a problem and you can see the credit markets&nbsp; are starting to show duress in the AI space. The&nbsp;&nbsp; investors are demanding higher yields now because&nbsp; of the suspicion that the ROI isn't there. Google&nbsp;&nbsp; recently issued an equity offering two days ago,&nbsp; 40 billion of which is going to go to data center&nbsp;&nbsp; spend. And they probably did that because&nbsp; financing it through equity is cheaper than&nbsp;&nbsp; debt right now. Usually it is cheaper to issue&nbsp; financing through debt. And so that is telling&nbsp;&nbsp; you something, that the debt markets are kind&nbsp; of calling a timeout and that will eventually&nbsp;&nbsp; slow capex and pause it, which will cause all&nbsp; these tremendous moves in these semiconductor&nbsp;&nbsp; stocks and Nvidia to take a hit. To your point&nbsp; on Google, I think initially they were funding&nbsp;&nbsp; it through free cash flow and then funding&nbsp; it through a very large debt offering and now&nbsp;&nbsp; through equity offerings. They are just rapidly&nbsp; going down the stack to raise as much as they can&nbsp;&nbsp; to plow into the capex receivers basically. And&nbsp; as you say, those capex receivers are the ones&nbsp;&nbsp; who have benefited the absolute most from this&nbsp; buildout. But this is the thing that is really&nbsp;&nbsp; important to understand, the capex receivers&nbsp; can only continue to receive capex as long as&nbsp;&nbsp; the belief is that whoever is spending the money&nbsp; is eventually going to make an ROI. And I think&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where we have got these IPOs coming up.&nbsp; We have got Anthropic, OpenAI supposedly going&nbsp;&nbsp; to be trillion dollar companies, plus SpaceX as&nbsp; well. Normally, if history is anything to go off,&nbsp;&nbsp; those wave of IPOs almost by design have to happen&nbsp; towards the end of bubbles or at peaks of markets&nbsp;&nbsp; because you need a bunch of capital. You need&nbsp; enough people to believe in whatever narrative&nbsp;&nbsp; it is to happen at that particular time. It is&nbsp; almost a feature rather than a bug. But these&nbsp;&nbsp; things tend to happen because the conditions are&nbsp; right and then if one does it successfully, then&nbsp;&nbsp; the next company knows now is the time as well.&nbsp; They have to do it close to each other because&nbsp;&nbsp; the capital may well run dry if they leave it&nbsp; to someone else. So we have this IPO wave coming&nbsp;&nbsp; through. Now how do you see the equity markets,&nbsp; especially with the rule changes that are coming&nbsp;&nbsp; through for inclusion into the indices for these&nbsp; companies, like complete rule changes so that&nbsp;&nbsp; SpaceX can be included for example. How do you see&nbsp; the equity markets when these things come online?&nbsp;&nbsp; How do you square that circle? Well, let's forget&nbsp; fundamentals for a second. Let's just talk supply&nbsp;&nbsp; and demand. You are absolutely correct. We are&nbsp; IPOing SpaceX, Anthropic, and OpenAI. A tremendous&nbsp;&nbsp; amount of supply coming into the market. That has&nbsp; to come from somewhere, that is going to come from&nbsp;&nbsp; other asset classes, other stocks will have to&nbsp; get sold in preparation for buying these IPOs.&nbsp;&nbsp; Secondly, the Mag 7 which have been tremendous&nbsp; free cash flow generators have been buying back&nbsp;&nbsp; their stock which gives a bid to the underlying&nbsp; issue that is their stock. Because their free&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow is going the wrong way because of&nbsp; this buildout in capex, they are going to pause&nbsp;&nbsp; on stock buybacks. So you have new supply coming&nbsp; on and a former bid in the market going away. So&nbsp;&nbsp; that is just without regards to fundamentals. So&nbsp; the supply demand configuration is going to flip&nbsp;&nbsp; on the margin. Now if the fundamentals get bad, it&nbsp; only makes it worse. The other thing that is super&nbsp;&nbsp; interesting is the people who are generating all&nbsp; this need for capex, at least the two big ones,&nbsp;&nbsp; OpenAI and Anthropic are not public. So, we don't&nbsp; know what their numbers look like and they really&nbsp;&nbsp; don't want to show us their numbers. And that is&nbsp; why there is this push and I think there are games&nbsp;&nbsp; going on behind the scenes to make their numbers&nbsp; look temporarily good. But think about this,&nbsp;&nbsp; in the dotcom phase all the companies that were&nbsp; generating the capex, the telecom companies and&nbsp;&nbsp; these speculative telecom companies, were&nbsp; public so you could see what was going on.&nbsp;&nbsp; This time two of the largest buyers and generators&nbsp; of this capex, we don't know what is going on&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the scenes. Interestingly enough, there was&nbsp; a story that I posted yesterday on my X account.&nbsp;&nbsp; Apparently there was an 8.6 billion tranche of&nbsp; debt that went out from Anthropic where Broadcom&nbsp;&nbsp; was not going to back the issue. So it needed some&nbsp; scrutiny from the lender. So the group of lenders&nbsp;&nbsp; said fine, show us the numbers, and Anthropic did&nbsp; not want to show them the numbers. They basically&nbsp;&nbsp; said we would rather not. So you cannot lend&nbsp; money without seeing the numbers, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; private placement debt. It makes no sense. Yeah,&nbsp; I saw that post. I've been following a lot of Ed&nbsp;&nbsp; Zitron's work. Ed Zitron is great by the way, I&nbsp; love him. Yeah, he has been banging this drum for&nbsp;&nbsp; quite a long time. What I like about his work&nbsp; is he is quite polarizing in the way he brings&nbsp;&nbsp; his viewpoint across which is great, but he is&nbsp; really asking just for evidence and the evidence&nbsp;&nbsp; just isn't seeming to come to him. So it is hard&nbsp; to argue the point if no one is willing to provide&nbsp;&nbsp; any evidence. It is hard to argue that taking the&nbsp; opposing view is anything other than the logical&nbsp;&nbsp; stance really. You specifically, Ed, have a track&nbsp; record of identifying fraud, going deep into&nbsp;&nbsp; research, applying statistical analysis to try and&nbsp; find things that don't pass the sniff test. What&nbsp;&nbsp; else are you seeing between OpenAI and Anthropic&nbsp; that make you think that these things are just not&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be able to be profitable? Well, I like to&nbsp; watch what people do, not what they say. And what&nbsp;&nbsp; was interesting, I noticed in the fall of last&nbsp; year, there was this panic from Sam Altman and&nbsp;&nbsp; Sarah Friar, CFO of OpenAI, and that was when&nbsp; the private credit market started to wobble&nbsp;&nbsp; and financing became a little more difficult. They&nbsp; floated the idea and I watched the body language,&nbsp;&nbsp; it showed a little bit of fear and their fear&nbsp; was we need government financing to continue.&nbsp;&nbsp; So they were basically pre-IPO, supposedly growing&nbsp; gangbusters, needing help from the government on&nbsp;&nbsp; financing. That should give everyone pause. Now&nbsp; they floated the idea. It didn't sell well. They&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of pulled back, but they tipped their hand.&nbsp; The underlying credit markets are starting to&nbsp;&nbsp; sniff out the ROI may be suspect and on the margin&nbsp; debt financing is getting more expensive for these&nbsp;&nbsp; guys. One of the heads of PIMCO, which is one&nbsp; of the biggest bond investors in the world, said&nbsp;&nbsp; be careful on some of this AI debt. So there are&nbsp; already professionals looking at this debt saying&nbsp;&nbsp; be cautious. Is there fraud? Is there trickery?&nbsp; There is probably a lot of gray areas going on&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the scenes, but when they came out and&nbsp; floated the idea that we needed public financing,&nbsp;&nbsp; my mind was blown because that to me was all you&nbsp; needed to hear. Yeah, that was definitely a public&nbsp;&nbsp; statement at the time, but since then, they have&nbsp; pulled those statements back and that was maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; five plus months ago. And so they are still going&nbsp; ahead supposedly with the IPO. At what point do&nbsp;&nbsp; the finances come to light? They are going to&nbsp; have to file an S1 and once they file that S1,&nbsp;&nbsp; do you think the IPO just becomes up in the air&nbsp; or is this thing still going to be actually hard&nbsp;&nbsp; to get the true numbers for? Well, I think what&nbsp; is going on, and look, I don't have any proof for&nbsp;&nbsp; this, but it seems to me the whole complex, Nvidia&nbsp; and all these players are kind of in cahoots and&nbsp;&nbsp; they know where the IPOs are coming. So there&nbsp; might be some deals done to pad the numbers.&nbsp;&nbsp; And also I think a lot of this token maxing is to&nbsp; show that that is why pricing has gone up so much.&nbsp;&nbsp; People are shocked at the pricing for the new&nbsp; token pricing because Anthropic and OpenAI want&nbsp;&nbsp; to show what they've been doing is subsidizing&nbsp; AI. The true cost of AI is much higher. So they&nbsp;&nbsp; raised the token prices and that is going to make&nbsp; their numbers look good. So when they file the S1,&nbsp;&nbsp; the numbers might look better than people think,&nbsp; but the problem is the price shock is causing a&nbsp;&nbsp; pause on the demand side. AI may be more expensive&nbsp; than people think. And if it is, all this nonsense&nbsp;&nbsp; about white collar workers being laid off is not&nbsp; going to happen anytime soon. And so then the&nbsp;&nbsp; question is, if there is no ROI to the customer&nbsp; from AI, why use AI? Yeah, the cost of tokens&nbsp;&nbsp; just is so expensive. If you are getting to use a&nbsp; Claude Max subscription, you are paying 100 bucks&nbsp;&nbsp; a month and if you use all those tokens, they are&nbsp; subsidizing that 10 to 20 to one basically. They&nbsp;&nbsp; are massive losers. They are just hoping that you&nbsp; use your tokens like a gym membership. You don't&nbsp;&nbsp; use it when it's busy, or you just want to leave.&nbsp; They have even turned down the quality recently.&nbsp;&nbsp; They said they weren't really doing that, but&nbsp; yet the tokens are expensive. As these models do&nbsp;&nbsp; improve and they are getting better, the tasks&nbsp; that they can perform become more complex and&nbsp;&nbsp; then they spin up a bunch of these agents and you&nbsp; just rinse through all of your tokens even faster&nbsp;&nbsp; and end up with not really an awful lot done.&nbsp; I think Copilot switched to token-based billing&nbsp;&nbsp; just a few days ago and if you go and check&nbsp; the Reddit sub pages for the customers,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are certainly not happy. Oh, absolutely.&nbsp; I have been reading that as well. Look, I have&nbsp;&nbsp; a friend who works on Wall Street at a hedge fund&nbsp; and he has been doing a lot of development work.&nbsp;&nbsp; When Claude got too expensive he switched&nbsp; to Codex, and the switching costs are zero.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is the other thing. And he is a frontier&nbsp; user. Most people aren't frontier users and people&nbsp;&nbsp; that are just doing normal stuff aren't going to&nbsp; want to pay these horrendous token prices. And so&nbsp;&nbsp; then people talk about open source. You don't need&nbsp; the best model. The open source guys are three to&nbsp;&nbsp; four months behind the frontier models. People are&nbsp; starting to say, for what I need I don't need the&nbsp;&nbsp; frontier, I will use open source which is 90%&nbsp; cheaper and build it in my own ecosystem. That&nbsp;&nbsp; is the crux of the issue. And Larry Ellison said&nbsp; it himself, AI compute frontier model labs are&nbsp;&nbsp; commodities, meaning they are all scraping the&nbsp; same knowledge. So the only difference is the&nbsp;&nbsp; databases that you could get to differentiate&nbsp; yourself. So if these are commodities,&nbsp;&nbsp; just like broadband was a commodity where they&nbsp; were expecting all these growth numbers and as it&nbsp;&nbsp; turned out broadband is a commodity. Well, maybe&nbsp; AI is a commodity and I suspect it is. If it is,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will undergo price wars to the marginal cost&nbsp; and that is just the way it is. Railroads were&nbsp;&nbsp; a commodity once they were built out, commodity&nbsp; pricing competition. So if these are commodities,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will get commodity economics and you will get&nbsp; boom and bust cycles and they don't deserve the&nbsp;&nbsp; multiples that they get. Fair point. So let's go&nbsp; into the consumer now because the story has been&nbsp;&nbsp; that the equity valuations don't care as long as&nbsp; earnings are going up. And the top 10% have been&nbsp;&nbsp; driving more and more of US consumption. We know&nbsp; US GDP is 70% consumption. So as long as this top&nbsp;&nbsp; 10% can make up the slack of the declining&nbsp; consumer across the board, with credit card&nbsp;&nbsp; delinquencies above 2008 levels. You have housing&nbsp; that is now frozen basically because no one wants&nbsp;&nbsp; to remortgage their house because they have debt&nbsp; that was cheap. If they remortgage and move, then&nbsp;&nbsp; they have to downsize their house by 25% because&nbsp; that is all they can afford. The consumer doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; seem like it is in a position to be able to deal&nbsp; with anything more thrown at them. They already&nbsp;&nbsp; have rising oil prices which is driving up the&nbsp; price at the pump. Maybe this was papered over and&nbsp;&nbsp; they managed to get through by these tax credits&nbsp; that are running out now. What is your take right&nbsp;&nbsp; now? Obviously, you wrote a report at the start&nbsp; of the year on the consumer and their health.&nbsp;&nbsp; How much longer can they be healthy for? Are they&nbsp; even healthy right now? So, the K-shaped economy,&nbsp;&nbsp; and to your point, the top 10% are driving 50%&nbsp; of the consumption. I just read an article today&nbsp;&nbsp; which I haven't gotten to completely because I&nbsp; was coming on your show. But there are cracks&nbsp;&nbsp; appearing in the top 10% which I need to find out&nbsp; why, but that is a news story. But the other 90%&nbsp;&nbsp; of the country is struggling mightily. To your&nbsp; point, credit card delinquencies are going up,&nbsp;&nbsp; auto loan delinquencies are going up, and now we&nbsp; are starting to see mortgage delinquencies rising&nbsp;&nbsp; from very low levels. So the consumer is tapped&nbsp; out. They keep drawing down on savings and they&nbsp;&nbsp; are using credit cards to get by. At some point&nbsp; something has to give. There was a tax break, but&nbsp;&nbsp; this oil shock, we did the math, the 100 dollar&nbsp; oil that we have had the last couple of months&nbsp;&nbsp; has basically eaten that tax break. It is almost&nbsp; an offset. It is a wash. So if oil prices stay&nbsp;&nbsp; where they are, demand destruction begins two to&nbsp; four months later. So we are going to see demand&nbsp;&nbsp; destruction begin pretty soon in the lower end&nbsp; of the economy. And I also want to say something&nbsp;&nbsp; about this narrative that the other 90% doesn't&nbsp; matter. First Brands was an aftermarket auto&nbsp;&nbsp; company that catered to the general public. It&nbsp; went belly up because the cash flow of a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of their consumers went the wrong way and their&nbsp; sales dropped. That was one of the biggest private&nbsp;&nbsp; credit salvos that began, and they also committed&nbsp; some fraud, they were double-pledging loans.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tricolor Auto was another private credit loan&nbsp; that soured in the fall of last year. Anything&nbsp;&nbsp; exposed to the consumer-facing public in&nbsp; the private credit portfolios, which we&nbsp;&nbsp; don't get to see because they are so opaque,&nbsp; they are under duress and that freezes credit&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout the system eventually, which then has&nbsp; feedback loops throughout the economy. So to say&nbsp;&nbsp; that the other 90% of the consumers don't matter&nbsp; because we got this 10% is ludicrous. Those small&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flows add up to big cash flows and cause&nbsp; problems. As housing rolls over, construction,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is a middle class job, is going to come&nbsp; to a halt. The only thing that is part of the&nbsp;&nbsp; construction market that is growing is these data&nbsp; centers at the moment. But housing is 20% of the&nbsp;&nbsp; economy and 25% of the consumption economy.&nbsp; So this K-shaped thing is a good narrative but&nbsp;&nbsp; eventually the chickens come home to roost and it&nbsp; sounds to me like the top end is having issues. I&nbsp;&nbsp; was driving with a friend last night who used to&nbsp; be a Google employee. He just started a hedge fund&nbsp;&nbsp; with a couple of his friends and it is a very&nbsp; small hedge fund, but he was talking about the&nbsp;&nbsp; difficulty in getting commitments of capital from&nbsp; friends and family because they are asset rich and&nbsp;&nbsp; liquidity poor. Especially in the private equity&nbsp; community, they haven't been able to get a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; liquidity lately because deals have been frozen&nbsp; since interest rates rose in 2022. So there is&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of wealth but not a lot of liquidity. If&nbsp; we start to have a credit problem, look out. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think we are already in the beginning of a credit&nbsp; problem. The private equity and private credit&nbsp;&nbsp; market are telling you it has begun and we have&nbsp; to see and monitor how far and fast it spreads.&nbsp;&nbsp; Crypto is a pain, holding Bitcoin, Solana,&nbsp; Ethereum means you need three separate wallets,&nbsp;&nbsp; three separate apps, three separate seed phrases.&nbsp; MetaMask puts all of that into one wallet,&nbsp;&nbsp; one account, all native. But it goes&nbsp; further than that. From inside the app,&nbsp;&nbsp; there is access to applications like Hyperliquid&nbsp; and Polymarket without ever needing to leave the&nbsp;&nbsp; application. Staking built-in, a Mastercard with&nbsp; cash back for spending crypto at any checkout,&nbsp;&nbsp; security alerts that catch dodgy transactions&nbsp; before they go through. Everything you could ever&nbsp;&nbsp; want to do on-chain inside one app. No jumping&nbsp; between platforms. No centralized exchange in&nbsp;&nbsp; the middle. Full self-custody the entire time.&nbsp; Crypto is highly volatile. You could lose all&nbsp;&nbsp; your money. Do not expect to be protected if&nbsp; something goes wrong. This section is brought to&nbsp;&nbsp; you by MetaMask and is not intended for persons&nbsp; in the UK. Your home in web 3, MetaMask. Get&nbsp;&nbsp; more out of crypto. I mean, everything is just so&nbsp; intertwined at the moment because the things you&nbsp;&nbsp; just listed off are the three or four big themes&nbsp; right now that are all basically linked somehow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even housing rolling over is being picked up by&nbsp; this data center buildout. There is an amazing&nbsp;&nbsp; chart showing housing starts versus data center&nbsp; buildouts, and data centers have basically picked&nbsp;&nbsp; up all the slack that housing rolling over has&nbsp; left. Normally property is such an enormous&nbsp;&nbsp; portion of the economy that once property&nbsp; rolls over nothing can pick up the slack,&nbsp;&nbsp; and somehow we've had this one thing which is tied&nbsp; to basically everything else pick up the slack. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is just wild how intertwined everything is right&nbsp; now. I kind of want to loop this back into how the&nbsp;&nbsp; Fed is going to deal with what you think they&nbsp; are going to do from here over the remainder&nbsp;&nbsp; of the year. Because you have essentially&nbsp; got inflationary pressures coming through,&nbsp;&nbsp; largely from the oil situation. Now, normally it&nbsp; is easy to look through rising oil prices because&nbsp;&nbsp; you can say it is transitory, but we are seeing&nbsp; lots of pressure now on the longer bonds. Just two&nbsp;&nbsp; to four weeks ago, everyone was saying the US is&nbsp; in a runaway debt and inflation problem. Debt is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to get out of control, the ten-year is going&nbsp; to keep going up. What is your read on all that&nbsp;&nbsp; right now? So we put out a free inflation piece&nbsp; on our website at financetechnologies.com under&nbsp;&nbsp; resources. Our company's name starts with a ph.&nbsp; So that is the website financetechnologies.com.&nbsp;&nbsp; We put out an oil shock scenario. We have two&nbsp; scenarios. One, the situation gets resolved&nbsp;&nbsp; sometime in April or May. Oil goes to 125 dollars&nbsp; and we get 5% inflation peaking in May. So how&nbsp;&nbsp; have we done so far? Oil has been around 100. We&nbsp; were predicting 4.1% inflation for April, it came&nbsp;&nbsp; in at 3.8%. Big surprise. So we were a little&nbsp; high. We are predicting 4.5% inflation for May.&nbsp;&nbsp; But this is headline CPI and you can calculate&nbsp; it pretty easily by just the delta change in the&nbsp;&nbsp; dollar on an energy barrel of oil. Our long-term&nbsp; models due to our economic forecast and what we&nbsp;&nbsp; are seeing in each of the components is we see&nbsp; core CPI being 1.7% by the first quarter of 2027.&nbsp;&nbsp; First you get price shock, you get cost input&nbsp; increases to producers. They can't pass on&nbsp;&nbsp; those price increases to the consumer. There&nbsp; is a margin squeeze. They lay off people. That&nbsp;&nbsp; is what happens. So those layoffs are coming.&nbsp; If our second scenario happens, which I am not&nbsp;&nbsp; rooting for, I hope Trump, let's put a pin in&nbsp; this for a second. The equity markets and the&nbsp;&nbsp; oil markets are discounting today that a deal&nbsp; is around the corner. That is what the markets&nbsp;&nbsp; are forward looking at. So they have already&nbsp; decided we got a deal, it is happening soon.&nbsp;&nbsp; If we don't have a deal soon, and you listen to&nbsp; what the Exxon and Chevron executives are saying,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are saying that in two to three weeks, we&nbsp; are going to hit strategic petroleum reserve&nbsp;&nbsp; bottoms and oil could go to 150. So the longer&nbsp; this drags out, the chance of oil starting to&nbsp;&nbsp; shoot up goes higher. If it goes above 150, we&nbsp; had a 200 dollar target. Inflation peaks out in&nbsp;&nbsp; August at 11%. And it only makes the demand&nbsp; destruction even worse and brings us into a&nbsp;&nbsp; recession even quicker. So we are hoping, look,&nbsp; we have a negative economic view, but I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want a disaster. So I would love for this to be&nbsp; resolved soon. It has to be because the markets&nbsp;&nbsp; are discounting that it is. What happens if it&nbsp; is not resolved soon to markets, do you think?&nbsp;&nbsp; If we drag every week that goes by, I think you&nbsp; will see the price of oil go up. Trump will try to&nbsp;&nbsp; jawbone because that is what Trump does. He keeps&nbsp; jawboning that there is a deal around the corner.&nbsp;&nbsp; At some point the markets, since the ceasefire&nbsp; agreement the markets have been giving him the&nbsp;&nbsp; benefit of the doubt. If this continues and there&nbsp; is no deal and the real physical shortages start&nbsp;&nbsp; showing up, then the markets will start to&nbsp; move and we need a deal within the next month&nbsp;&nbsp; personally is my belief. Just on the markets&nbsp; giving Trump the benefit of the doubt, it is&nbsp;&nbsp; almost incredible how much the market trusts that&nbsp; he is going to get this deal done. It is almost&nbsp;&nbsp; not a trust that the deal is going to happen, is&nbsp; it? It is almost like they are just terrified to&nbsp;&nbsp; be on the wrong side of the next Trump tweet&nbsp; when he announces equity markets should be up&nbsp;&nbsp; only from here. It is almost like the market is&nbsp; more scared of missing out on the pump as soon&nbsp;&nbsp; as things are ticked okay than they are scared&nbsp; that things can continue in the same pattern.&nbsp;&nbsp; Markets are interesting. If you talk to a lot of&nbsp; human analysts, they don't trust Trump and they&nbsp;&nbsp; don't believe him. But the markets now are run by&nbsp; computers, markets have given Trump the benefit of&nbsp;&nbsp; the doubt. So he has to get a deal. Now I would&nbsp; say since the deal is already priced in, the&nbsp;&nbsp; announcement of the deal would potentially be a&nbsp; sell the news event. I am not saying the market is&nbsp;&nbsp; going to top, it would kind of be a sell the news&nbsp; event. If we don't get a deal in the next month,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think it is going to get pretty scary in a lot&nbsp; of different markets, especially the oil markets.&nbsp;&nbsp; If the price of oil goes above 125 or 130 and that&nbsp; turns into support, you could see 200 dollar oil&nbsp;&nbsp; pretty quickly. That would be scary. A lot of&nbsp; analysts have been saying this whole time with&nbsp;&nbsp; the oil situation though, the next month is going&nbsp; to be the thing that makes it really pinch things.&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean, is it just the fact that the strategic&nbsp; petroleum reserves are now running dry across&nbsp;&nbsp; essentially the globe? Everyone's oil reserves&nbsp; are now running dry. Is this the month that&nbsp;&nbsp; really does make a difference? Well, look, I said&nbsp; on X about two to three months ago, just watch the&nbsp;&nbsp; price. Forget the headlines. Forget analyzing what&nbsp; Trump says or what Iran says. Just watch the price&nbsp;&nbsp; of oil. I am a student of the market. The price of&nbsp; oil is saying a deal is around the corner. Whether&nbsp;&nbsp; Chevron and ExxonMobil are correct, I don't&nbsp; know. Betting on commodities is a widowmaker&nbsp;&nbsp; losing proposition. But if you have other assets&nbsp; you are worried about, if oil just starts to rip&nbsp;&nbsp; and starts to break key levels and breaks 125&nbsp; with authority, that is all you need to know that&nbsp;&nbsp; shortages are around the corner. So I am just&nbsp; going to watch the price of oil. I don't care&nbsp;&nbsp; what the CEO of Exxon and Chevron have said,&nbsp; until the price of oil moves it doesn't mean&nbsp;&nbsp; anything. But I do believe time is of the essence&nbsp; and we basically have had 100 dollar oil since the&nbsp;&nbsp; shock and that is basically a 40% increase to the&nbsp; consumer and that is hurting the longer that goes.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oil still is somewhat cheap inflation adjusted.&nbsp; Has that got anything to do with the fact that&nbsp;&nbsp; things have been better than they probably would&nbsp; have anticipated three or four months ago? My&nbsp;&nbsp; partner and I look at oil, especially before&nbsp; the war, oil was floating around 58 to 60. Oil&nbsp;&nbsp; is super cheap adjusted for inflation, it should&nbsp; be a lot higher. So that is telling me something,&nbsp;&nbsp; that alternative energy has taken some of the&nbsp; supply or ameliorated some of that. There is&nbsp;&nbsp; also a China economic problem that people don't&nbsp; talk about a lot. Their internal consumption is&nbsp;&nbsp; going south so fast that the biggest driver&nbsp; of oil prices for all of the 2000s was China&nbsp;&nbsp; and China is going the wrong way. Honestly, I was&nbsp; bullish on the fact that oil was so cheap because&nbsp;&nbsp; it would help keep the economy lubricated&nbsp; and going. Cheap oil is good for everybody.&nbsp;&nbsp; The problem with oil price shocks is not so much&nbsp; that the price goes up, it is the speed with which&nbsp;&nbsp; it goes up. And when that happens, that is why&nbsp; it is called a shock. The immediate 40% jump&nbsp;&nbsp; at the pump curtails consumer spending and other&nbsp; countries are even worse off than we are because&nbsp;&nbsp; we are a net exporter now. For Japan, there is a&nbsp; lot of issues, Japan and the UK are going to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a trade imbalance problem at some point. So this&nbsp; is not good for the globe and it is not good for&nbsp;&nbsp; China. But you are right, inflation adjusted oil&nbsp; is cheap for a long time. Kind of an amazing thing&nbsp;&nbsp; to behold. Could you go into the situation in&nbsp; China briefly, please, Ed? Yeah. So, we put out a&nbsp;&nbsp; report on China. We have done a deep dive, we have&nbsp; done a lot of demographic work. Let me just give&nbsp;&nbsp; you some stats. So before COVID 2020, China priced&nbsp; in US dollars, their GDP was 80% that of the US.&nbsp;&nbsp; So a lot of people were talking about China GDP&nbsp; eventually overtaking the US. They are still&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about that, but they are looking at the&nbsp; nominal numbers, not priced in US dollars. Priced&nbsp;&nbsp; in US dollars since 2020, China's GDP is now 60%&nbsp; of the US. Going the wrong way. Their GDP growth&nbsp;&nbsp; priced in US dollars since 2021 is zero. So this&nbsp; nonsense that they are going to overtake the US,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is a meme. And they are struggling mightily.&nbsp; Their demographics plateaued in 2015 and started&nbsp;&nbsp; declining precipitously in 2020 and now they are&nbsp; on the way to a major low in 2032. So they have&nbsp;&nbsp; a deep internal consumption problem and they have&nbsp; been trying to export their way out of it. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; do a history lesson. China kind of saved the world&nbsp; after the great financial crisis. How did they do&nbsp;&nbsp; that? Someone in their planning department should&nbsp; have known that their demographics were going&nbsp;&nbsp; to peak out in 2015. They decided to go on an&nbsp; infrastructure build the likes of which the globe&nbsp;&nbsp; has never seen. And that is why we have all these&nbsp; stories of ghost cities. They built so much they&nbsp;&nbsp; have 20 years of supply. It was an overbuilding&nbsp; bubble. So they floated a lot of the global&nbsp;&nbsp; economy with this infrastructure build. Since&nbsp; 2021, it has been going the wrong way. Real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; starts are down 70%. Real estate construction&nbsp; is down 20%. And the reason we wrote our report&nbsp;&nbsp; is because we started to see new construction&nbsp; contracts year-over-year rolling over. And we&nbsp;&nbsp; thought it would start to impact the rest of their&nbsp; economy and it did. In the fourth quarter of 2023,&nbsp;&nbsp; their overall construction started to decline.&nbsp; And then in the most recent quarter, their&nbsp;&nbsp; overall construction is down 8% year-over-year.&nbsp; That is not good for the rest of the world. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is just not good. I mean they are the factory of&nbsp; the world. I think their GDP peaked in 2021 and&nbsp;&nbsp; in nominal terms their GDP has been roughly 2 to&nbsp; 4% for the last three or four years. People are&nbsp;&nbsp; really struggling to get their head around why&nbsp; the situation in China is so bad because they&nbsp;&nbsp; are growing at 2 to 4%. People don't realize that&nbsp; the delta is absolutely ridiculous from what they&nbsp;&nbsp; were growing at. The demographics are really&nbsp; not great. Why does the situation in China,&nbsp;&nbsp; because they are the factory of the world, why&nbsp; does that have such a big impact globally? Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; because twofold. They are having a problem keeping&nbsp; their people employed and their biggest fear is&nbsp;&nbsp; their own people. Part of the plan, and I remember&nbsp; this when I was at BlackRock in the early 2000s,&nbsp;&nbsp; our energy folks would go to China and talk to&nbsp; the bigwigs in China because they wanted to get&nbsp;&nbsp; a handle on the commodity boom that was happening&nbsp; then. The Chinese officials told them our biggest&nbsp;&nbsp; fear is our own people. So their plan is to keep&nbsp; everybody working all the time. There is now an&nbsp;&nbsp; employment problem in China and a lot of the&nbsp; incremental laborers would go into construction&nbsp;&nbsp; that is now struggling. So there are a lot of&nbsp; people who are now not making money and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; an internal consumption problem. And now we have&nbsp; trade wars because when this real estate problem&nbsp;&nbsp; started in 2021 they pivoted to exporting. They&nbsp; ramped up their export machine. So you can see&nbsp;&nbsp; their internal economy was declining but they&nbsp; ramped up exports. That is how they kept the&nbsp;&nbsp; lights on and now we have trade wars and tariffs&nbsp; and that is starting to impact them. And now we&nbsp;&nbsp; have their overall construction industry&nbsp; declining. What that means is this. There&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be contagion to Japan because Japan&nbsp; is the largest trade partner of China. And South&nbsp;&nbsp; Korea is another big one. So we are going to have&nbsp; an Asian contagion problem and this will spread&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout the globe and it will have an impact&nbsp; on all sorts of businesses and credit issues.&nbsp;&nbsp; China is going through deflation. They tried&nbsp; to export their deflation to the world, Trump&nbsp;&nbsp; put a stop to that and now they have an internal&nbsp; problem and we think we are in the acute phase. It&nbsp;&nbsp; will have spillover to the global regions and an&nbsp; oil price shock only makes that worse. So knowing&nbsp;&nbsp; what I know, and sometimes knowing what you know&nbsp; doesn't mean you are going to make money in the&nbsp;&nbsp; market right away. Knowing what I know, I look at&nbsp; the equity markets in the US and I go, boy, they&nbsp;&nbsp; are not discounting any problems. You think they&nbsp; are not discounting any of those problems at all?&nbsp;&nbsp; No. I mean, if you look at industrial stocks, they&nbsp; are not doing that well. It is all AI. And I think&nbsp;&nbsp; part of the reason why the AI bubble has blown&nbsp; so big is if you look at the rest of the S&P 500,&nbsp;&nbsp; it is not doing that well. The bank ETF, XLF, did&nbsp; a death cross about two months ago and the banks&nbsp;&nbsp; are not going to new highs. Industrials are not&nbsp; going to new highs. So there are a lot of sectors&nbsp;&nbsp; that are still struggling, especially anything&nbsp; consumer-facing in the US is not doing well. So&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole shebang is the last gasp acceleration&nbsp; of the AI bubble. First, every money manager has&nbsp;&nbsp; to chase what is working at the end. I saw this&nbsp; in 07. I saw this in 2000. To outperform, you&nbsp;&nbsp; need ever bigger weights of these stocks and you&nbsp; need to be more overweight than your peer. So it&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of feeds on itself until it is done and then&nbsp; it is a devastating disaster on the other side.&nbsp;&nbsp; I mean being overweight the winners is obviously&nbsp; a way to win until you know. Well I will give you&nbsp;&nbsp; an example. Janus was this growth mutual fund&nbsp; back when actively managed mutual funds were&nbsp;&nbsp; all the rage. Janus was a growth stock mutual&nbsp; fund company that had tremendous growth. They&nbsp;&nbsp; had very concentrated portfolios. They had&nbsp; smart tech guys. They were in all the winners&nbsp;&nbsp; for the 90s and then they became too long to be&nbsp; wrong. Meaning their assets had grown so big they&nbsp;&nbsp; thought it would never end, and then when the&nbsp; tech bubble burst they lost a tremendous amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of money. I remember being around those guys and&nbsp; they had been right for so long they couldn't see&nbsp;&nbsp; the fundamentals getting worse before them and&nbsp; they didn't understand valuation and history. So&nbsp;&nbsp; a lot of those guys rode some of those stocks down&nbsp; quite a bit. Nokia was one of the biggest stocks&nbsp;&nbsp; in the Janus portfolio. Where is Nokia today?&nbsp; Well, it has had a good three months. I know,&nbsp;&nbsp; but compared to what it used to be. For sure.&nbsp; Yeah, maybe it is an omen. Nokia running. I&nbsp;&nbsp; think Cisco and Intel were the top performers like&nbsp; a week ago. Reminiscent for sure. Ed, by the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; I want to point out something. IBM had a 30% move&nbsp; based on a recirculated video of Trump saying buy&nbsp;&nbsp; IBM in December. Someone recirculated it on X on&nbsp; Thursday. It went viral and people thought it was&nbsp;&nbsp; new and bought IBM. This is where we are. I mean,&nbsp; that is ending moves. BlackBerry moved today off&nbsp;&nbsp; of GM's earnings because BlackBerry is now a new&nbsp; meme stock. It is just like these things. MRVL&nbsp;&nbsp; moved a hundred billion dollars in market cap&nbsp; because Jensen said it isn't a good company.&nbsp;&nbsp; And then the other thing that people should be&nbsp; alarmed about, when you get these moves, this is&nbsp;&nbsp; what I saw during the dotcom bubble, these types&nbsp; of announcements and then 30% moves in stocks.&nbsp;&nbsp; My friend was telling me yesterday there was a&nbsp; ticker SPAC that people thought it was SpaceX&nbsp;&nbsp; and it got bid up tremendously. So this is what&nbsp; is going on. It should make me laugh so much. This&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff you are right. These are the sort of things&nbsp; that I thought were exclusive to crypto markets&nbsp;&nbsp; from 2021 when Elon would mention something&nbsp; and it just absolutely rips. Unfortunately this&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't happen to crypto markets anymore. It is&nbsp; reserved exclusively for the most pristine assets&nbsp;&nbsp; in the entire globe. So Ed, where do you think the&nbsp; world is in two years and then separately by 2030?&nbsp;&nbsp; In two years we will be, if I am right, and&nbsp; I think eventually I will be proven right,&nbsp;&nbsp; people will be so miserable and scared and that&nbsp; is the time to redeploy some of your dry powder.&nbsp;&nbsp; It is going to look really bad and awful but that&nbsp; is when generational money is made. That is why&nbsp;&nbsp; Warren Buffett is 40% cash because he is going&nbsp; to be doing the same thing. In the rubble of&nbsp;&nbsp; the downturn, I would look for opportunities.&nbsp; There will be some new AI technology companies&nbsp;&nbsp; that figure out, I believe AI large language&nbsp; models will become commodities, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; there will be companies that take advantage of&nbsp; that, niche companies that could turn into big&nbsp;&nbsp; companies. Much like Facebook didn't create the&nbsp; backbone of the internet, but Facebook figured out&nbsp;&nbsp; a way to monetize it. So there is a lot of hope&nbsp; in the rubble. And then by 2030, I think there&nbsp;&nbsp; will be a lot of productivity from AI. I am not&nbsp; a doomer that robots and AI are going to displace&nbsp;&nbsp; all humans. If that is the case, the government&nbsp; leaders have a problem on their hands. So I&nbsp;&nbsp; am looking forward to what comes out after this&nbsp; downturn, which has to happen. The excesses are so&nbsp;&nbsp; big and the Biden administration kind of propped&nbsp; up the economy with 20 million illegal aliens and&nbsp;&nbsp; gave a trillion and a half dollars to these people&nbsp; and that was fraud that is going to work its way&nbsp;&nbsp; through the system. So I am very optimistic once&nbsp; we get the correction. That is why I am not a&nbsp;&nbsp; doomer. I am a big believer in cycles and out of&nbsp; the downturn comes the next cycle and if you are&nbsp;&nbsp; ready and prepared and have a good mindset, you&nbsp; will be fine. That is kind of what I tell people.&nbsp;&nbsp; Don't be in fear. And you think you are going&nbsp; to have to wait two years before those equity&nbsp;&nbsp; opportunities are available? Well, look, if there&nbsp; is a crash and stocks go down 50% in two months,&nbsp;&nbsp; start buying. Just close your eyes. But if this&nbsp; is more of a dotcom downturn where it took two&nbsp;&nbsp; years for the equity markets to go down 50%, it&nbsp; just depends on the speed. I have no idea and the&nbsp;&nbsp; market hasn't topped yet. One thing I want people&nbsp; to understand is I am a student of the market and&nbsp;&nbsp; markets don't crash from all-time highs. If there&nbsp; is a crash, and I am not calling for one, you will&nbsp;&nbsp; see it. There will be a drawdown from an all-time&nbsp; high of say 15 to 20%, a counter trend rally, and&nbsp;&nbsp; then if that counter trend rally fails and goes&nbsp; below the low put in from the top, then you could&nbsp;&nbsp; potentially have a big crash situation. I think&nbsp; the powers that be won't allow a crash, but they&nbsp;&nbsp; can't prevent a deflationary bubble in equities&nbsp; from happening. So it might be like the 73-74&nbsp;&nbsp; market and take a year or two to go down 50%.&nbsp; So you think that stimulus this time just won't&nbsp;&nbsp; work because obviously we have seen China has been&nbsp; going through enormous stimulus and it hasn't been&nbsp;&nbsp; working basically, which is part of the reason&nbsp; why they are in this issue now. You think the US&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to be in a similar space? Well, we are&nbsp; going to see what happens. In our US economic&nbsp;&nbsp; report we don't call for systemic crisis. We don't&nbsp; think you need to worry about your money. We don't&nbsp;&nbsp; think there is going to be a banking crisis. There&nbsp; will be some bank issues. There will be credit&nbsp;&nbsp; contraction. A lot of these private credit funds&nbsp; are going to have tremendous losses, which aren't&nbsp;&nbsp; the banks by the way. Very clever to put all the&nbsp; risk into alternative asset managers this time.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is where the risk is. That whole complex is&nbsp; down today by the way. I think we have to watch&nbsp;&nbsp; what the Fed does and we have to see what the&nbsp; stimulus looks like to make the call. If it is not&nbsp;&nbsp; enough, look at every intervention we have had. We&nbsp; had the dotcom bubble, they lowered rates quite a&nbsp;&nbsp; bit. They inflated the housing market. Then we had&nbsp; QE. Then we had COVID. COVID was a crazy amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of money printing. So I am a second derivative&nbsp; guy. If they don't come in with bazookas blazing,&nbsp;&nbsp; we are going to have problems. So we are going&nbsp; to get inflation near-term, deflation scare,&nbsp;&nbsp; then reinflation attempts. We are on a roller&nbsp; coaster. So, do you think the stimulus needs&nbsp;&nbsp; to be bigger than COVID to actually take effect?&nbsp; Oh, yeah. I do. I do. And it might be very hard to&nbsp;&nbsp; float that politically, but we will see what&nbsp; happens. Yeah. Wow. Ed, amazing. This has been&nbsp;&nbsp; an incredible conversation. Ed, is there anything&nbsp; I have not asked you today or anything that you go&nbsp;&nbsp; on a lot of podcasts and people should ask you and&nbsp; often don't? Oh, that is a good question. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I am not a Bitcoin expert. Why don't you ask me&nbsp; your Bitcoin question? Go on. So have you, I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; it kind of ties into your general thesis for where&nbsp; you see the world going, does Bitcoin tie into&nbsp;&nbsp; your worldview in the future? Well, look, I&nbsp; honestly missed Bitcoin and all the wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; that was generated from it. And I got nothing&nbsp; against Bitcoin. I think it is a real asset at&nbsp;&nbsp; this point. There are some theses going around&nbsp; that quantum computing is going to kill it, that&nbsp;&nbsp; AI is going to make it useless. So there are a lot&nbsp; of negative headwinds for Bitcoin at the moment.&nbsp;&nbsp; But Bitcoin mysteriously peaked in October of last&nbsp; year. And a lot of people follow global liquidity.&nbsp;&nbsp; Someone thinks global liquidity peaked last year.&nbsp; And Bitcoin has often been speculated to be an&nbsp;&nbsp; indication of global liquidity. When liquidity&nbsp; is good, Bitcoin does well. When it is bad, it&nbsp;&nbsp; has problems. So if Bitcoin is down due to global&nbsp; liquidity issues, that means the NASDAQ is going&nbsp;&nbsp; to follow at some point and catch up with Bitcoin.&nbsp; Is that Michael Howell's Global Liquidity Index?&nbsp;&nbsp; Yeah. Yeah, I like him. Yeah, he is brilliant. I&nbsp; had him on the podcast a few months ago. I really&nbsp;&nbsp; like Michael Howell a lot. I am going to have him&nbsp; back on again soon, but his work is brilliant and&nbsp;&nbsp; he is one of the nicest guys ever. So, I applaud&nbsp; it. Yeah. And Bitcoin mysteriously, as we hit&nbsp;&nbsp; new all-time highs in semiconductors, has had&nbsp; some issues of late. It is down about 18% since&nbsp;&nbsp; three weeks ago, it has gone from 81,000 to 63. If&nbsp; it goes below 61, we got major problems. I did run&nbsp;&nbsp; some analysis on Michael Howell's work actually&nbsp; on Bitcoin. Because Michael Howell talks about the&nbsp;&nbsp; delta of change in liquidity as being the thing to&nbsp; watch. And so if you take the change in the global&nbsp;&nbsp; liquidity index on a three-month over three-month&nbsp; basis and you overlay Bitcoin's price to that,&nbsp;&nbsp; it peaks out every time the global liquidity index&nbsp; rolls over and peaks out. Bitcoin has literally&nbsp;&nbsp; topped three cycles in a row. When I saw it I was&nbsp; like it has got to be a glitch. Something has got&nbsp;&nbsp; to be wrong. It is literally bang on and a lot&nbsp; of people are saying it has peaked out for other&nbsp;&nbsp; issues, but I think it is more liquidity than it&nbsp; is that quantum computing is going to render it&nbsp;&nbsp; useless. That is all speculation and that is a&nbsp; narrative. I follow correlations and that work&nbsp;&nbsp; suggests that it is an early warning indicator of&nbsp; global liquidity. Yeah, I think I am in agreement&nbsp;&nbsp; with that as well. Honestly Ed, thank you so&nbsp; much, your time is so much appreciated. Could&nbsp;&nbsp; you please tell people where they can find all of&nbsp; your incredible work and where to get hold of you,&nbsp;&nbsp; please? Yeah. So, our research is available for&nbsp; sale at financetechnologies.com. I have a personal&nbsp;&nbsp; website at dowd.com where I do some individual&nbsp; consulting work if you want that. And then also&nbsp;&nbsp; I am on X at DowdEdward. Awesome. Ed, on&nbsp; behalf of everyone here, thank you so much.&nbsp;&nbsp; You guys at home, thank you for watching.&nbsp; We shall see you on the next one. Ciao ciao.

  Top Comments:
  1. @agentjarvis2000 [9 likes]: Needed this to come out 12 hours ago tbh.
  2. @TxcJay25 [7 likes]: Enron Worldcom, all the fraud cases from college Deja vu
  3. @josephcohen9480 [2 likes]: Eddie 😮
  4. @craiggaig-z9d [2 likes]: Ed Dowd? Count me in.
  5. @YesWeCan-u9i [2 likes]: Two guys living in an echo chamber.
  6. @alexi2460 [1 likes]: R U kidding, gas at the pump has sky rocketed.
  7. @thedatajanitor9537: lol. Clown show channel.
  8. @mopo2160: Speak English

- Why Forex Signals Keep Failing You (The Truth Nobody Tells You): Kind: captions Language: en If you have been disappointed by forest signal, then this video is for you. I'm going to talk to you like someone who have been disappointed by signal because originally when I came in or majority of us that came into this industry came in through signal. And as a result of that, we just did a one copy, one someone set up copy this setup, copy that setup, and we pray. Many of us remain like that. Many persons quit. I'm going to show you two reasons why forest signals keep failing you. So, if you have been disappointed by signal, then watch this video to the end. Now, let me be very honest. Signals, forest signals are not evil. But at the same time, these signals are not magic. Yes, these signals are not magic. Many traders have given up. Many traders are very angry today as I'm talking to you because of signal. Yes, now they claim forex is a scam, it's not real. Um forex is not working, they're just hyping. It's not true. It's not true. Now, these are all things that we are hearing that people are talking as a result of that. Uh mentors are fake, they're scams, they're just there to scam our money. Many mentors are just there to collect money and eat. Yeah, that's the truth. I'm not I do not despise that some are like that. Now, I came in with the hope of also using signal to become profitable. But I'm going to be very honest with you that signal alone can never make you to become a profitable trader. If you want to become a profitable trader, then make sure you watch this video to the end. Yes, this is just matter of the truth. I'll start with signals are not the problem. The real problem here is not signal. The real problem is how people use signal. How should someone use signal? You know, when I came in originally, I was thinking that signal would just be the shortest way to reach. Now, I want you to imagine signal as a child in school copying exam. Yes, a child copying exam. He's copying everything from the classmate, from the friend, everything. Now, when the question change, what happened? He fails. The child fails. Now, did the friend fail him? No. The friend did not fail him. I Let me be very real at this point. All the signal that you receive is from a perspective that is going to be good. The The person that is bringing out the signal believes it's going to be good, and as a result of that, they come up with that particular signal. Now, once they come up with that signal, and the signal was released at the end of the day, it's disappointing. Yes. So, now this is the perspective that this particular signal is coming from. I want you to also understand something. What actually helps me? Because as I'm talking to you today, I'm no longer depending on the bull signal. Why? Because I understand what the market is doing. I'm going to share with you how signals supposed to be used the right way. And if you start applying that today, in the next 3 to 6 months from now, you might start creating your own signal. Yes. If you can start just look at what I'm going to share with you, and be able to follow it step by step, in the next 6 months from now, you might be able to start creating your own signal. 3 to 6 months. First thing first, I I want to to be very honest with you. If you're just copying signal, you do not understand what the market is doing. Yes. So, signal is just like copying answers. The market change, it's just like maybe um a new question, and the student will definitely fail. Yes. Now, losses is like that exam. I want you to imagine that picture in your head. A child who is copying exam, 90% he will fail. Why most traders depend on signal? Let's start from that end. Why do most traders depend on signal? Because truth be told, trading is difficult. It require thinking. And most traders are afraid of thinking. They don't want to think. In the 16th century, a doctor was asked, "What's the reason that most people fail in life?" And the doctor says, "Simply because human don't like to think. They don't think." Now, if you can think enough, what you have is more than enough. Yes, my mentor used to say so. If you can think enough, what you have is more than enough. You see, thinking is hard, so many people actually are afraid of that. Huh, think how the market is, how you can analyze the market, how you can come up with this setup, how you can make this decision. So, they're afraid of doing making those decisions. For that reason, they want to depend on someone else to make those decisions for them, to decide when they're going to enter the market, to decide when to trade and when not to trade. They're afraid of making that decision. And as a result of that, since they're giving out this responsibility to people, they don't even understand what is happening. They end up failing because no confidence, no understanding, and fear of responsibility. This is the primary reason that most traders are depending on signal. So, I need to cure this problem first because a problem known is half solved. And if you are to treat a wound, we need to start from the source. The first thing, if you're going to become a profitable trader, you need to develop confidence on your trade. You need to start becoming responsible for every trade that is happening. And you also needs to understand what is happening in the market. Signals alone can never help you do this, but if you study the signal, you can definitely bypass and get to the point that you are actually understanding what truly is happening in the market. When you don't think what is happening in the market, you do not try to understand what truly is happening in the market, then you release your responsibility to other people. Then, you keep on failing. Albert Einstein made this particular statement, "Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different results." It seems it is true. But when it come to trading, this particular quote does not valid. Do you know why I say so? Trading is is an institute that you are actually going to do the same thing and have a different result. Like, today you use this particular setup, your entry your everything was the same, but you have a you fail, you lose. Tomorrow, you do the same thing and you have success. That's the first part I want you to get it. I want this thought to come into your head that what you did yesterday that makes you to fail if you if you've understood it and it was the right thing that you were doing, the same thing can give you results today. But, this is the problem with us new traders. Let me use us new traders. When you come into the market, we want a perfect setup that all the time will always be giving us profits. That's just what you want. So, if this setup does not give us profit today, that means it's not going to work. And you just quit from there. So, that's why you see new traders, they will jump in from this particular coach to this other one to this other one to this other one because they just need a person to have a perfect setup. Now, let me be very honest with you. Every setup that you're seeing you fail. Yes, it will fail and it will also be profit. All you need to do is study a setup that suits you. And like I tell people there are different strategies, there are different strategies to trade. So, study the one that suits you and follow through. So, let's start with this. By the time someone who released setup today gave you the setup and the setup failed, what would you do? You look for another Telegram group that they promise, "Oh, our signal is 99% or 100% accurately." You jump to that one and get the setup there and start using. Maybe the first day you use you have success. The second day you lose. You jump from that one and go to another one. But, if you could develop confidence on your strategy, what do you trade? Are you trading a fair value gap or you're trading an order block? So, the price you were disciplined that the price came to the order block and you executed your trade. Or you're trading support and resistance. So, the price have come to the support and you executed the trade, but you lose. Either of these you still lost. Now, you know that you did the right thing, but the problem is that the market violated the structure. What will happen? You'll be at ease. You will not kill yourself. You know that actually you were doing the right thing, but it was a market fault. But, imagine you copy that same setup and send it to someone as a signal and the person use it to trade and the person lose. Will the person understand it? No way. Will he learn? No way. That's the point. So, the first thing is that signals fails you because you don't understand. You don't learn. You don't even get what is going on. So, in order for you to benefit fully from signal, then you need to understand. Yes. So, for that reason you are always running losses. So, when you don't think about what is happening in the market, you cannot grow. You need to start thinking of exactly what is happening in the market so you can have a full understanding and you can navigate the market on your own and start making profit. The second reason that most people most of us fail in signal is as a result that we want fast money. It's a life is easy comes easy go. Anything that you get very common, very easy, you're also going to lose it very easy. That's just the truth. So, when you be traders come into this particular industry, the first thing that we want is fast result. Ah, fast result, fast result. So, because we are all looking for fast result, guess what you're going to do? No patience. We just jump into the market, jump into the chart. You see, some people don't even use signal. They just see the candle going on, they just click buy, they click sell. Yeah, that's the truth. Now, without proper training, you don't even understand what the signal is doing. So, you have to be trained. That's the first thing. You need to be trained. Now, you need to understand that this industry require passion. So, without passion, guess what you're going to do? You're going to jump into the chart and start copying signal randomly and before you know, respecting the fact that you do not understand what the market was doing, you lose. Why? Because you want fast money. You see, when a trader or when someone need fast money, losing is very possible. It is very, very possible. Do you know why? Because you do not understand the mindset behind what you're using. Yes, it's just like eating hot food. You see, if you're eating hot food, you easily get burned. You burn your mouth. Signal is like eating hot food. That's why you're always running losses. So, if you want to become a profitable trader, then you need to stop looking for fast money and start understanding the mindset behind trading. Yes, understand the mindset behind trading. It's just like understanding the right recipe. Now, let me be very honest with you. If you don't understand this, you'll always be running losses. So, you need passion to learn. You need to learn it and understand because those that are using signals don't want to learn. Yeah, I'm saying this right to you. If you're using signal, then you need to Even if you're using signal, start learning the secret behind that. Now, this was actually what helped me because personally, I also came into signal. Now, when I came in, I have to start studying the signal because the signal was failing. It is quite annoying to see this one is saying buy, this one is saying sell. I don't know if you've experienced that. This at the same time, the release go. This Telegram say buy, this one say sell. So, which one am I going to take? So, what I have to do is I take them into the chart and I'll start analyzing. Why is this one saying buy and why is this one saying sell? So, I now realize, okay, this one is according to the market trend. This one is trading pullback. Do you get it now? This one think that the market is going to go down, this one is saying going to go up. So, I now start to see, okay, at the point, I realized that there's a channel that have a little bit accuracy. That was what helped me. There's a So, I start studying their setup. That was my secret and this can help you. I start studying their setup. Since their signal used to have Okay, let's assume they release like five signal in a day. Worst case, three is going to hit take profit, take profit, take profit. If two hit stop loss. Meanwhile, I'm in other six Telegram group and they can release like five signal and that five signal, if you're fortunate, one hit take profit. Or if you cannot take it, might be stop loss, stop loss. So, when I realized that, I start studying the one that have the potential of hitting take profit. And I realized that one of the reason that helped this people to take profit is that one, their signal is always following the trend. I realized that their signal is always following the trend. Can you see that I start learning? Now, this require patient on my own end. Since their signal is always following the trend, that means if I'm to get a setup, my setup must be in this position. And this is actually what helps me. My setup must be in this position. I start putting one or two things in order and I follow that. And now, I realized that Okay, this is the time they release the signal. I start studying those things. So, if you're going to become a profitable trader, first money. See, money will always be available. It will always, always, always be available. Money will always be there. But money will only follow you when you have the value. I like saying this, money is like Busika. You see, if you were trying to chase Busika now, Busika will be running around. It will take you on turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, turn, 360. You'll never catch that Busika. But if you have the value that this Busika is actually looking for, Busika will come to you and say "Oh God, see me, you. God forbid. Which level waiting the ground? I beg your boy did do ya. Anything we do, make we share." I mean, Busika that you've been chasing will look This is how money behave. So, money follows value. Money does not just follow anyone because you need money and money will come. No, it's not like done that way. Money only come to you when money realized that Okay, you have the value that I need. And what's the value? The knowledge. Now, there are different strategy in the market. We have the smart money concept, we have the ICT, we have the M the SMC, we have support and resistance. There are many set up. There are many strategy. Yes. Yes, we have the CRT, that's candle range theory. Which one which strategy do you want to use? You need to calm down and learn. First, you need the passion to come and study this strategy. Study it very well. I came when I started I started with support and resistance. And I don't need to brag. I'm badly good in in this English in English like I am badly good in support and resistance because that's where I started from. And that's what I studied in that that people's set up. That okay, when the price gets to their support is when they see buy. When price get to their resistance is when they see sell. This was my simple strategy. I studied this alongside with what I was learning. I didn't just depend on signals alone. But this was what I be able to to understand. Okay, this is it and I start implementing that. So, you need to pause your hunger for money and fuel your hunger for the knowledge. By the time you fuel your hunger for the knowledge, it will help you have a better understanding, a better perspective of where you're going. And this will help you to understand okay, maybe that Ferrari you want to buy is going to be the next three or four five years from now. It might not be this year. Maybe this year you will need money elsewhere to support yourself while you're still learning. Maybe that's what you're going to do. Maybe this year you will need money elsewhere to to to take care of yourself, to buy courses, to pay for courses. And let me be very honest with you. You cannot get anything free. There's nothing that is free in this life. Even in free town, there is nothing that is free. You cannot get a value free. So, if you're going to get courses, if you're going to get mentored, be ready to pay. Because when you pay, you pay attention. Let me say it again. When you pay, you pay attention. Get ready to be someone serious. Don't just expect to watch free videos on YouTube. Of course, can you watch videos on YouTube and start making profit? Definitely. But you will lack confidence in yourself because sometime you might be doing something right and you think you're wrong. This is part of my experience, also. I have to seek for a mentor that will hold me by the hand. I was introduced into Forex by a white man, but the man did not stay long in Nigeria. He left back to Lebanon. So, I started watching YouTube videos and the rest of it. I learned something. I was actually making profit, but at a point I wasn't confident in myself. I need to see other people that are doing it, also. So, I have to seek a mentor, pay for trainings, pay for mentorship. Let me see my mentor who is doing it. And when I see my mentor that this same mistake I'm making my mentor is making, I feel like it's I don't feel as if I should commit suicide. Do you know why? Because someone else is doing it and he's making similar mistakes. So, be ready to pay for training. Be ready to get a mentor that will guide you, hold you by the hand. You see, a mentor reduce your journey. But most traders today have a mentor. They don't have a coach. You that is watching this video right now, who is your coach? Does your coach recognize you as his mentee? Does your mentor recognize you as his mentee? That is the one mentee, that is the one responsible for your success. Yes, because once your mentor recognize that, he will think of accountability. Does he recognize you as that? So, you need to get someone who is going to mentor you, show you what to do step by step. Forget about jumping in and out. Forget about jumping from one signal group to another with hope that that is going to make you profitable. It's nowhere. It's nowhere. Because if you're jumping in like that, you'll be making mistakes. That's it. Now, let's go to the third reason that most traders lose money as a result of signal. They don't understand risk. Now, let me be very honest to you. Every signal that you're actually using is someone's setup that he set it up based on his risk management level, based on what he sees he can take. I've seen most traders who release signals or who use signals without stop loss, for example. Now, these people like there was recently there was a trade that was going on during one non-farm payrolls news that went on and people were losing $200, $1,000, $1,200. Now, I now try to find out why did these people run this level of loss. Now, the reason is because the person gave them signal, gave them signal without stop loss. So, they did not There was no stop loss and they were just trading like that. Now, that's someone's psychological level. Even if when I do not accept that that's okay, but the persons who gave them that signal have enough capital. Not just enough capital. He have a place that even if he should blow the accounts today, he can fund the money again. He has the ability to do that. So, he's giving out the signals with that understanding. But, the people that are receiving these signals and are trading it with $200. $100, $50. They don't understand that. That's the first thing. So, he's releasing the signals and he's telling them to trade with 0.01, right? Now, 0.01, this how gold is going to drive 0.01 and you see $500 is gone. I mean, 0.01 on gold. Especially that like that news. If maybe the when there's a CPI or a non-farm pay news like that. So, when a trader does not understand risk, he's using signal is a problem. A signal without risk control is very, very dangerous. So, in order for you to have a better stand, then you need to first of all understand the signal. Same signal, but different account size could be very dangerous. Yes, because what is small to one person is very big to another person. That's one. Second, same signal but different emotional maturity. You know, when we talk about maturity, your ability for you to control something, to understand something is very, very important when it comes to success. Now, as you are trading, you need to develop your emotion, your ability to control your shock absorbent need to be developed. So, if you know you cannot bear that much, there's a level you can bear. There's a level you can tolerate and stop. Then, you need to put that in consideration. Very, very important. So, you're not just trading randomly. So, not because you've seen signal, you need to also understand the risk behind it. How much can you risk? That is why whenever you receive a signal, the first thing is that check the signal you're receiving. From where the entry point to your stop loss, how much would it cost you at 0.01 or at 0.1? You need to understand that risk. That is very important than any other thing you're doing. How much will it takes from you if you enter this trade? Should you enter this trade? Your inability to understand that is gambling. Yes, your inability to identify that, filter that out is gambling. You need to have that understanding first. How much am I risking? Irrespective of whatever signal they're giving you. No, it is not all the setup that you need to enter. Do you know why? Because the setup that this person is giving you is giving you based on his account size. Now, this his account size could be like $1,000. Let's use that for example. And he's risking 1% of $1,000. That is how much? That's $10. Your own is $100. And you're risking the same um $10. You are risking 10%, he's risking 1%. So, you need to understand that and risking even 3% of your account is already violation. Yes, you shouldn't risk more than 2% of your account. So, you need to understand how much are you risking? Because what could be small to the first signal provider could even be very big to you the receiver. And because as a matter of fact, most new traders are struggling to even fund $200. Yes, you know that what I'm saying. If you know what I'm saying is true. Is it easy? Is it easy to fund account with $200? It's not. So, when someone has a new traders have struggled to deposit $200, he needs to manage it very well. Now, there's a biggest lies about signal. The biggest lies about Now, the biggest lies about signal is that if the signal win, you should be happy. It's a lie. You shouldn't be happy. If a signal lose, you should be angry. No, you shouldn't. Now, whether you win or you lose, the greatest asset is what you get out of it. In my previous video, I made mention this that a man that run and fall down should be able to get something. Now, while you're getting up, you should be able to pick up lessons. So, every setup is an asset, whether you win that trade or you lose. Every signal is an asset. This is what actually helped me. I did not started with my own signal. Actually, this is what actually helped me to develop to develop because when I came up Why is it that these people's Telegram group their signals nine out of 10 is always hitting XL. And this other person's signal is this other same. At least if if they release five signals set up in a day, at least three will hit take profit. I started analyzing that. I didn't just get angry about the stop losses. I didn't I wasn't just excited about the take profit. I was much concentrating on those lessons. And I'll start observing so I start trashing some of those one that were not giving me what I want. Now, now that I've gotten those that give me what I want, I now start studying the secret behind their setup. What are they doing well? Now, my studying what they're doing well, it helps me to refine my entry. I must be able to I start to copying what they're doing well. And that actually helps me a whole lot. So, then the biggest lies is that you should be happy when you hit you profit. No, you should not just be happy when you hit take profit or be angry when you hit stop loss. You should be able to pick a correction, trade a correction. Ask yourself, did you trade well? Did this trade setup, was it right? What was your entry? Identify your entry. What was your entry time in? Was it right? What was the lot size? Was it right? What was your emotional control while this was going on? I can remember that there's this one problem I have. I don't know about you. If you have a similar problem, please tell us in the comment section. I have this problem that once I initiate a trade, I'll always go and check time to time. My mind will tell me, "Go and check. Go and check. Go and check. Is it green? Is it green?" Has it happened to you? If it happened to you, please comment five. Yes, if you know you have this experience, comment five. Just type five or share your experience with us in the comment section. So, this is part of my emotional challenges, which I'm still trying to see if I I could deal with it or develop from it. So, what's your emotional challenge at that point? Now, signals on its own don't manage emotion. It is your job to manage your emotion. Because, for example, now, yesterday, as an example of this recording, yesterday, I made I entered a trade on EUR/USD, and the trade was buying. And at the point, the trade had a pullback. Now, the pullback came into my entry point. A lot of persons will close at losses. You get it at that point? That's the ability to control your emotion. So, what does this tell you? Your emotional control and signal has nothing to relate. It is your duty to be able to develop your emotion in such a way that you can manage your trade in the right way. Now, why signals fail even when they are good, is very important. One, late entry. You see, by the time a signal provider see, "Oh, this trade is getting to entry point." And they start composing the signal. Before you know, it's about 5 minutes before you'll be done composing that signal. When a signal provider detects, "Okay, oh, we should release the signal now to to people." Before you finish composing it, it might take like 5 minutes. He now release it. Before you yourself you will see and make the decision to enter the market and start executing the trade is about 2 to 5 minutes. That's extra five making it 10 minutes. Now, an asset like gold, imagine what gold will do in 10 minutes. If it was to go uptrend, if it was an impulsive move. So, when maybe they give you this asset at 5,000 to enter at 5,000 and it might it might jump from 5,000 to 5,000 it might jump like 30 pips before you you were even done. And that 30 pips is where you're entering the market. You get it now? And remember that market always move in impulse and correction. So, you're entering the market when the market is about to do a correction and the market is doing a major correction. You get it from that end and you see yourself running losses losses losses losses losses losses. Meanwhile, the correction level that the market will correct and stop would have been where you would have entered the market, where they asked you to enter the market. But because before you receive the signal and enter the signal, you're entering the signal where the market is doing a correction. So, late entry is one of the reason that signals fails even if when they're good. Another reason is greed. They could have a good setup. Yes. But they see that okay, the trade is already late. Before they receive this setup it's The market has moved from that place, but they don't just want to miss the trade. So, they jump and enter the market. You see the the market does not understand that. The market does not have um pity. Whether you miss the trade or you don't miss the trade, this trade will always be here. So, don't let it be because oh, you don't want to miss this trade. This trade have already gone for you jump and enter. Now, the moment you jump and enter the trade, the market has moved from the entry point to the point that is going to to a correction. And because the trade wants to do a correction, and many of you do not have big capital because many of you are struggling to even fund your account with $200. Yes. With $200, you struggle to fund your account. So, now that the trade want to do a correction, as the trade is coming from the correction, you know, trade is always impulse and correction, impulse and correction, okay? So, now that the trade is about to do a correction, your account cannot carry. As it's pulling from the point of correction, which is where you're even entering, it's pulling down to the entry point, your account have blown. That's a very big problem that most people are having. Out of greed, you see the trade is late, you jump and enter. Another one is fear. Now, this goes hand in hand. This one enter the market out of greed. Now, this one, the trade has come. He saw the setup, but he was afraid. I'm just recovering from my previous losses, so I don't want to run losses again. So, let me just try and see if I can get here. Since he did not enter the market, since he did not enter the trade, he waited. Now, the trade have moved to TP 1. After hitting TP 1, he now see, "Ah, since the trade have hit TP 1, I I wish I know I would have entered." He now jump and enter the market at that time. Guess what is going to happen? As he's entering the market, he's entering the market late. Why is he entering the market late? Out of fear from losing. So, because of that, he did not enter on time. He's now entering late. Now that he's entering the market late, guess what is going to Mhm, I want you to guess what is going to happen. The market is going to do correction. And while the market is actually doing correction, he's running losses. So, why am I explaining this to you? Because this is one of the reason that people signals don't work. Signal that might work for A does not work for B. Yes, that's just the truth. Yes, the fourth reason that most signals fail is over trading. You see, account size and account size are not the same. Account size and account size is not the same. For example, the person that is releasing the signal can release maybe like five setups at the same time, or four, or eight, depending. It is your duty to choose how many you're going to enter per time. Are you going to enter one? Are you going to enter two? Are you going to enter three? Are you going to enter four? How many can your account carry? For example, you with $100 account, or $20, or $50 account, and you're entering gold, for example, and the setup was TP 1 2 3 4 5, and you're entering the entire five at the same time. What if the market is just doing a correction? Just a correction, your your account has been blown. Now, because you don't understand, you don't even understand that you have lost money because of a margin call, because you had a small account, not even because of stop loss. Sometimes the market have not hit stop loss. You've lost money. Yes. So, with that, what should you do? What you should have supposed to have done at that time would have been to enter a small, maybe one order per time, because you don't have big capital. So, overtrading have killed most people's accounts, a lot. Many of you don't even know, you're just clicking buy and sell, clicking, clicking, clicking, clicking, clicking, clicking. Sometimes two orders, sometimes three orders, sometimes five. Some people even have like 15, 30 orders per time. With a small account, overtrading. And let me be very honest, a good signal can still blow accounts. Yes. Just like a good recipe can produce a bad meal. Honestly speaking, a good recipe can prepared can prepared a bad meal if that food is not cooked well, if it's cooked wrongly. Yes. So, just have this understanding. So, what's the right way? Now, let me be very honest with you. Signals are good, but it shouldn't be used as a permanent crutch, as a permanent statue of Signals supposed to be used as a training wheels, as a training wheels. This is how I use signal when I came into the industry that actually helps me. Yes, from signals, I learned to understand the psychology behind the market. I learned to understand how these people that are coming up with signals, how they have it. I'm actually exposing a whole secret to you when it comes to signal. You shouldn't use signals as the base. By the time you receive setup, you go to the chart. What you do is you go and check. Why did we ask to Are we asked to buy at this point? Why are we asked to sell at this point? Why is the stop loss at this point? Why is the take profit at this point? This is what you are expected to understand. Yes. And that's the very reason we put together Pinnacle Echelon Traders Institute. Now, we put this together because you're not expected to just use signals. You're expected to understand We are We want to train you. This is an institution. It's an institution that helps you understand the trade. So, if you're interested to be part of these ones, there's a link in the description. Message us there. Or comment, "I'm interested in the institution." We'll tell you how you can start to be a part of it. You could attend a physical training, and it could also be an online training, depending on your location. Now, what do we do? By the time you receive signals, in this very institute, our goal is you should learn from the signal. You shouldn't just use random signals. You shouldn't just use signal because it's signal because you want to make money. No. So, we're not telling you, "If you're buying, this is why we are buying." We are buying because we see an order block here. And we expect that once market hits this order block, it will reverse. That's how it works. Now, that's why we're putting stop loss here. That's why we're putting take profit here. This is how you're supposed to use a signal. And if you use the signal this way, you're going to learn very fast without depending on signals. Yes. I am still in other people's Telegram group. Do you know why? I'm not there because I need their setup. I don't need their setup. But I need I'm there because their setup helped me to know when I check my market. That's one. And if they're saying buy, I still do the same thing I'm telling you today. I'll go to the chart and see, "Why are they buying?" I might not be right, but why are they buying? Why are they selling? This is how you should use it. You should use it as a training wheel that helps you. A training wheel will help you to have balance in the industry because that time a setup will come out. Maybe the person that uh speculated this entry felt is going to go well, but when you enter the market and see the market has already violated the structure, you decide not to enter the market again. You now see that what I'm seeing here, ah, this is not a good sign. This is not This is not a sign I should use and enter the market. This is This kind of sign I should wait. Once you see this, you're going to learn the right way and adjust it. Yes. Now, this will help you to remove fear. It will rid you off from entering random setup. I have to be very honest in this. It will help you to correct the signal. You're going to use correct signal, not every signal that comes your way. Do you know why? Because you'll be able to study them. You'll be able to analyze which one works and which one does not work. See, let me be very honest. Every signal that you're seeing, every signal group has a time they've come up with a good signal. And they also have other time that they come up with bad signal. To be very honest with you, in this institution, in this organization, if you have 60% failure, you are a winner. So, let us assume that someone is coming up and he's having only 60 40% rate success rate. 40% success rate is good. So, if a Telegram community who is providing you signal could have a 40% win rate, you become profitable already. So, that's to say that 60% he can you will not he will not get it right. 60% he won't get it right. So, there have always been a time he got it right. So, if you understand that there are time he will bring a signal and you can easily spotlight the one that is not right and you say, "No, today this one I'm not going to enter." This one I won't enter. Because you're studying them. You're able to compare them with your chart. When you compare the signal you're receiving with your chart, you know whether you should enter or you should not enter. You're able to learn the logic without it. You're learning the logic of the market, what the market is doing. This is actually going to reduce your failure. Reduce the way you're running losses. It's going to reduce it and make you to become dependent of yourself, not dependent on the signal. Because once these things reduce, your independence will generate, will develop. Will develop. You stop depending on signal because depending on signal creates crippled traders. It creates lazy traders that do not understand what the market are doing and they continue blaming the market. Let me be very honest with you. Skills always beat signal, no matter how good the signal will be. Skills will always beat every signal you come across. So, the way you develop your skills, the way you think of it in this way is going to actually help you. So, you should always think of it. I believe you're getting the message the way I'm coming. You should think of understanding, not depending, not saying someone should think for you. You should be the one that think for yourself. Now, with this on in mind, I want you to have this understanding that I'm actually explaining this for you to understand how to use your signals or not to use signal because not using it the right way will hurt you. So, if these explanations have actually helped you understand the reason why signals help people and you really want to learn how to become a profitable trader, then I would advise you to subscribe to this channel because I've actually dedicated this channel to share that and teach you, expose the secret free. To help you understand what the market is doing and what you need to understand. That's just the way. So, consider subscribing to this channel. Smash the subscribe button and turn on the notification bell. That's the truth. Now, blind dependency will always you. If you want consistent profits, if you want to succeed in this industry, you must build a skill. Signal can assist But it can never replace you. So, you should decide to learn. Now, to do so, pay close attention and subscribe to this channel because learning is the backbone of every profitable trader. That's the truth. And to do so, you also need a reliable environment, a good trading environment. That is why we set up the Pinnacle Echelon Traders Institute. You could decide to be part of this movement. Yes, we guide people, we train people on how to become a profitable trader. And if you want to create accounts, there's a link in the description. I'll advise you to use that link and create your account because if you use that link and create your account, on your first deposit, you even got up to 50% of your capital to use for trading. Remember this, that trading is risky. So, for that reason, always trade safe, trade small, and focus on learning. That's just nothing but the truth. Now that we've considered reasons that Forex signals fail, we're going to treat another big problem, another danger, the one habit that destroyed most traders. In this particular video that is coming, I'm going to discuss this particular habit that destroys most traders. So, if you want to become a profitable trader, then consider watching this video that is coming up that I'm explaining that particular habit that destroyed most new traders. If you know you don't want to become a failure in the industry, then watch this video. See you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @graceihuomabenson: Am interested in the institute
  2. @graceihuomabenson: 5😂
  3. @DeborahEbet: 😂5

- Solving the 1st-Party Meta Pixel Challenge: Introducing Signals Gateway: Kind: captions Language: en [music] >> Thank you guys all for coming. Um, this is what we originally were going to call a luncheon learn. Basically, all of our Measure Summit audience get to see um, and hear really cool things. But, um, we're actually bringing back a cool uh, call that we used to have with Data Driven U called Brain Game. So, that's why you're going to hear a little bit of the both conversations of Brain Games and Luncheon Learn, all of that stuff. Um, so that's why you're going to hear that kind of inversed a little bit. But, uh, I apologize for not being on screen. I caught a little bit of cold last night and y'all don't need to be seeing me pause my camera and stuff like that for coughing and anything else. So, I apologize for that. But, I'm really excited for this uh, because of Daniel Ober with the team at Usercentrics and his team are going to walk us through something that we're starting to see as more and more of an issue um, with the Signals Gateway um, and all of that. And so, just by show of hands, who is doing things with Meta? Like, who here is running ads or thinking about running ads, maybe expanding your agencies and stuff? So, it looks like we got some. And y'all can put your questions or notifications or whatever uh, that you have inside of chat. We're going to let Daniel do his thing um, throughout and then at the end, we're going to go through all the questions. So, I think Daniel's going to leave us at least, you know, 30 minutes or ish for questions. Um, and so, if you have those, you know, and I'll leave it up to Daniel if he wants to pause and respond to anything in the chat as he's going. Um, but sometimes that can uh, you get off on the tangents and I know he wants to really get to exactly everything in here. So, Daniel, I will let you take it over and I'm going to go ahead and mute myself and let all these people into the door cuz we're still filling up. All right. Um, very happy to be with you guys today. Uh, So my name Daniel. I am a product manager at Usercentrics working on server-side tracking. And with me today is also Anna who is our product marketing manager working alongside myself. So um very happy to walk you through some of the issues that that Signals Gateway helps address. And actually we're going to start it off with Anna and then I'll I'll then I'll jump later at the end with a little bit of a a demo. Yeah. Thank you so much Julian and Daniel for the introduction. As Daniel said, I'm the product marketing manager for server-side tracking at Usercentrics. And today as Julie said, we're going to talk a little bit about this Meta Pixels gap that we're seeing more and more. And since a lot of you are spending on Meta and using Meta, I'm sure you've noticed that maybe your Meta conversions are declining or CPAs are climbing. Attribution is a little bit off. So this is the right place. Today we're going to show you exactly what's causing that gap and how we can fix that. As I said, we're going through understanding a little bit the first-party data gap, introducing our solution Meta Signals Gateway, and then I think the most exciting and important part of this webinar, Daniel will walk you through a live demo and show you how you can get started, create a gateway, deploy the website to the website and and test set up. And then we'll wrap up with some Q&A. So if you have questions, I think I agree with Julie you can pop them in the chat and we'll go through them at the end of the webinar. Maybe that's a good idea. And and let's let's get started. I think uh we can start without a little bit of uh a context. So, um over the past several years, the internet has changed a little bit how tracking works. And Safari started restricting third-party cookies back in 2017. Uh Firefox followed uh with enhanced tracking protection in 2019. And Chrome keeps Google keeps delaying a little bit that uh deprecation. Um but it keeps evolving the the privacy sandbox uh approach. Uh but it's not just browsers making tracking a bit harder. Uh we see that between 25% of users are now um actively running ad blockers that completely strip out tracking uh scripts before they even fire. So, that means that if a browser uh even if a browser would allow a meta pixel to work, uh that ad blocker would uh remove it entirely. Uh and these aren't just temporary changes. They These are the new normal. Uh privacy restrictions are only going to get stricter. Um and we need to adapt to that. And businesses are already uh responding to this change. Our research shows that 20% to 25% uh of small and medium businesses have already um adopted server-side tagging in 2020. And by 2027 uh 2027, um we are projecting that around 70% of the data-driven organizations will be using um this as a go-to tracking um solution. So, if you're running meta ads right now, uh this shift is already impacting you uh either you're realizing it or not. Um so, but here's the frustrating kind of part. Uh your campaigns might be actually working fine, right? People are going through your website, they're clicking, browsing, buying, but data is kind of tricking you. It's lying to you. Um and just going through like a a real scenario that could that could happen and it's happening a thousand times a day. If someone clicks on the Meta ads on their iPhone using Safari, they land on your website, browse around, then put something in their carts, and complete a purchase. From your perspective, everything is okay, right? That's a conversion, revenue is coming. Uh but actually what Meta sees or actually what they don't see uh is that, for example, Safari Intelli- Intelligence Tracking Prevention will block our limits the Meta pixel. Uh and that's add to the cart event that might not fire at all. The purchase conversion often never makes it back to the Meta servers. So, and now that's that's happening across thousands of sessions every single day. And uh research shows that a lot of organizations and businesses um improve their ability to measure conversions by up to 46% when they move to the server side uh tracking. And that's kind of half of your conversion rate potentially missing. Um so, and what happens if Meta doesn't see your conversions? The algorithm thinks your ads aren't working, it optimizes based on incomplete uh data, and your CPAs start climbing, ROAS start decreasing, and you're stuck trying to justify your budget, your Meta budgets with numbers that are not real. so, I bet this is the reality for a lot of you. Um, and this is kind of the first party data gap in action. Uh, so, why this does this uh, matter uh, to you? Um, the signal loss creates three kind of compounding problems that feed into each other. Um, the first one is the performance uh, problem. Uh, as I said, we see that 25 to 30% of their uh, of conversion signals uh, with browser um, are are we businesses are losing 25 to 30% of their conversion signals with browser only tracking. Um, and the Meta algorithm is trying to optimize with that lack of uh, of signals. The second one is the financial problem uh, because missing data creates rising costs. So, you can't really scale winning campaigns and there's a lot of budget pressure uh, that increases with that with those decisions being made blindly. Um, and that's return on investment becomes a bit harder to justify. And then there's the strategic problem, right? There's uh, there's broken attribution across channels. So, you can't really see which channels are uh, working properly. Um, you can track the full customer journey. Those marketing decisions are are based on incomplete picture and there's the loss of competitive um, advantage. So, the question comes uh, how can we fix this? And uh, the answer is with server-side first-party tracking for Meta and that's exactly what Meta signals gateway is. So, introducing Meta Signals Gateway, this is our hosted server-side tracking for Meta ads business with a low technical lift. This means that is accessible to any of your businesses, even if you don't have a dedicated um technical team or technical expertise. And this uh this solution has um three important features um that are specific for the Meta Signals Gateway um solution. It has um it it can Meta Signals Gateway pixel. I just ask that you mute your chats. Thank you so much. Um loaded from from your domain. Uh you can upload offline uh data um to um to those to the and send it to those destinations as well. And you can uh build custom audiences also with the information and the data that you that you gather with uh Meta Signals Gateway. So, how does this work? Um we first call first uh first-party data is collected through, as I said, a resilient pixel from website apps and offline sources. Second, that data is processed and it's handled server-side. It's enriched, it can be filtered and prepared for activation, and then third is distribution. It is distributed um to to Meta or optionally to other destinations um if that's what you need. And then fourth uh and lastly, improve uh performance, right? Higher-quality first-party signals help Meta optimize their campaigns more effectively. Um and so this the impact the practical impact on your um on your business. There's four uh major benefits. The first is obviously the recovery of that lost conversion. And I've mentioned that 25% of those events are lost are getting blocked as well. Um after you use Meta Signals Gateway, you'll start seeing them again. Um and you'll improve um conversions by up to 30 46%. Um and that gives Meta algorithm more complete picture of what's actually happening and working. Secondly, uh it will improve um campaign performance, right? The more data you feed into Meta, the better it will work. Uh you'll see uh up to 33% on CPA reduction, 27% increase on conversion rate, et cetera. And then we'll have um this this solution has a low technical effort as I mentioned. No need for um developers. Uh it's very uh low complexity in terms of uh setup. Um and then it's built for for privacy and control. Uh it's a first-party data infrastructure. You have fully control of the data flows. And only consented consented data will be sent to destinations if worked alongside with um a CMP. Um and so we just want to say that you can start uh we have a free plan and you can start free. Uh we offer 20K events per month. You can try it out and see for yourself how it works. Um and with that I will hand it over to Danielle which will walk you through um our live demo, which is much more interesting than me just being here talking. All right, thank you very >> You're interesting, too. So, yeah, but the live demo is always fun. But no, it's great to hear all the um the history and kind of what led up to this and how it's going to solve everything. But let's I'm excited for the demo, too. All right. Uh thank you very much uh everyone. I will um Hopefully you are seeing my screen. All right, so I'm just uh going to go through uh my window. Uh this is our server-side tracking uh hosting service. When you land on on on it, you have two options. You can uh basically choose to host uh go uh signals gateways, meta signals gateways, or uh server Google Tag Manager uh instances. Um They actually work in They can work in tandem, but you don't need uh both uh to to get the the benefits that we're talking about today. Uh so, I saw some questions about that, but we'll uh address them in in time. All right. So, First thing up is that uh you land here, you go to uh the signals gateway area, and you will want to create a signals gateway. Uh let me see if my network is working properly. I believe All right. Yes. Okay, so uh and uh you will have You can have any number of of gateways that you want. Uh in this case I I had uh just a little test one that I uh I created earlier, but I will also renew one right away so you can see that it's extremely easy. And what this is doing is that you will uh let's say uh my demo or measure you. Uh we select a server location and create a gateway. And there's also helpful documentation around this, but right now the gateway is created. So what how this works is that the gateway is hosted by default on a URL that we provide, but and I will show you in a second what you actually want to do after this. So when you create one of these things, you get a invitation link to your email to activate your account when you and that takes you to user interface that is the Signals Gateway user interface right here. And this is the the user interface from which you can actually will actually be working. This is the Signals Gateway interface. This is was created by Meta and we provide the hosting and all of the platform for it, so you don't need to worry about any infrastructure. You can just go come here and do what you need to do. And what we're going to do today is I have this little uh fake website that I use for demos and this website is set up to track to have a meta pixel. It has other things, but it basically has a meta pixel and I set it up to fire a particular purchase event when I click here. And what I want is to add my Signals pixel to this. So how does does this work? So I go into the Signals Gateway. I create get started. I select the Signals Gateway pipeline. I create it. I will I can give it a name. Let's just say pipeline uh for demo. And I will select that how do I how do I want to connect my data? So, there are basically how this works is that you can select data sources and data destinations. The default like the case that most people will want to do is to create a a new pixel. This is a signals it's called the signals gateway pixel and this is a a new pixel created by Meta that is being served out of this gateway instead of being served by by Facebook through their webs through their servers. Um and and the second thing I want to do is that I want to select my data destinations. So, I can send it to to Meta through the conversions API or I can also send it to Google BigQuery or to any endpoint that I I want to set up. So, if I can send it up to if I if I'm set up for this, I can send it to an HTTP let's say a like a webhook responder and create automations out of that if I wanted to. But I'll I'll keep it simple and I'll select as a source my my gateway pixel and and the Meta destination. So, let's continue. Can give it a name and basically then the setup ask you asks you, do you have a Meta pixel already on your site or not? So, you can deploy this new pixel in one of two ways. The simplest way and the recommended way to do it is that if you already have a Meta pixel, you just add this new pixel alongside it and I will show you how that looks. Alternatively, you can also not if if it's a new website or if you don't really want to have any data reaching Meta directly, you can just deploy this pixel yourself and then the data will only go to the gateway first and then you can decide what to do with it. Now, let's let's focus on the base scenario. So, I'll select that I have a a a pixel already. Then, I need to connect my meta pixel with the gateway. I will click here connect. Uh you are probably not seeing a little pop-up window that is asking me to authenticate. Uh and I I'm I'm back here. I select a my business portfolio. I'll select a a a data set within there. boom, I have the instructions on how to add this to my site. I will not do this right now because I also want to show you uh what what what you want to do uh instead uh so that you only do this once. But, so um in any case, uh let me just close this window in a second. Uh I'll let me copy the code continue. I will con- I will simulate the fact that I cleared a container the the gateway, but what you want to do is actually set it up set up what what what the what it's called data routing. And this is essentially uh serving the gateway through your own first-party domain instead of uh the default domain that we have. What this allows you to do is that then all of this gateway uh setup will run through your domain. And from the perspective of the website, uh all of those cookies can be uh run by the server and can be set as a first-party cookie. Uh and um and and you have a your own like uh fully you're fully in control of the infrastructure from the perspective of the browser. uh I what this looks like is essentially you you give this a you create a subdomain, so let's say demo subdomain, and then you you you tell what the you know, base this is the the base domain for your website. In this case, my website is called remotecoffee.net, and I I and then I create a subdomain called demo.sub. Um and what this then tells me to do is that I can now access the I will be able to access the the gateway through this URL, and uh and I will need to point it to uh this location. So, I have these instructions. Uh I will not do this right now because you know, it depends on what your DNS provider uh is, but I've already done so in a another test gateway that I have over here where I All right. And in this test gateway, I already set it up to access through a different subdomain. In this case, I have it set up for sgw.demoremotecoffee.net. So, I have a I have a number of of different test ones, but you get the picture, right? Now, going back to where we were, so we have the data pipe pipeline. So, and we want to add this pixel to our website. There are and the the UI is super simple. You can set up your pixel in many ways. You can set it up manually as code that you add to your site, or you can uh if you are using Shopify, there are specific instructions on how to do that. Or if you're using Google Tag Manager, there's also uh specific instructions on how to do that as well. I will focus just on the manual setup because I think that's just easiest to demonstrate how this can be done uh, independently from any other uh, tagging solution, okay? So, uh, you can also if you're if if you want that they have a neat little uh, share instructions with a web developer so that it lets you copy the instructions and send this to someone else. And as I mentioned, we will use a a configuration that uh, makes use of an existing meta pixel that is already triggering on the events I want to trigger. It's already doing everything that I want to do, but I will now add this new pixel that will load alongside it and then will automatically trigger on the same events that the meta pixel is already triggering on. So, I basically take this little bit of code, I copy it, and I add it to the head to the head section of my website. when I do so, your website will have, let me just show you the code the code here is you will have uh, a little bit of code on your side that shows essentially that combine and it loads both the regular you substitute your existing meta pixel loading code with this one and then on if you have uh, events that are triggering on certain things, you don't need to do anything else because this setup will pick it up and also send it to uh, this new gateway and it will automatically deduplicate events that are sent to both destinations. So, you don't need to worry about that as well. So, this is kind of that's definitely the easiest way. So, basically I just what I did is that I before beforehand, I took that code, I pasted it to my page, and then uh updated my site. what does this mean, right? So, I have my my cookie banner uh already set up. I'm using Cookiebot. Uh and uh I'm I have it set up so that it allows um all of my I've I've already set it to allow all all purposes. And when you look at what's happening on the page, if I load the page, you can see that you have multiple things going on. You you have the regular Meta Pixel being loaded from Facebook directly. This is the classic Facebook Pixel. Then, you have this new Pixel being loaded from our from This is my custom domain uh in this case, and I'm loading my uh my custom Pixel from my own domain, which you can see is this one, all right? And uh it's also triggering some uh events as well. So, there are some This is the the events that the both the regular Pixel trigger and that the uh meta the signals Pixel triggers as well. All of them are automatically deduplicated. All right. Well, so that's you know good. Now, first next step is uh showing you that all of this is connected to my consent decision. So, if I go here and I withdraw my consent, and I just reload the page, you will see that without changing anything, I all I did was add the same code to the same place where my Meta Pixel was already set up to already respond to the the to the the consent state, uh I'm filtering here by the regular uh prefix that that where where these things are loaded from for Meta, and you can see that no network events are are being triggered. If I then change my consent and allow all, you can see that the scripts are loaded and they do what they need to do on a page view to track the page view. So, that's one one thing, right? So, I reloaded the page. Now, let me show you what happens if I have this little coffee uh box that I'm I'm I just bought in very quickly, purchase made, uh it's it's triggering an event. And it's triggering a purchase event that I am sending both to um Facebook through the regular pixel and to my and to my uh gateway, all right? the neat part about all of this is that I This is, you know, uh pretty cool. It does automatically it it adds a new source. There are also some situations where you can also leverage the gateway on top of this, but one neat feature is, look, I'm going to activate a an ad blocker on this website. And I'll reload the page. And what happens is that you can see that the Facebook pixel, the meta pixel, is getting blocked and this one because it's being loaded it's it's just a script being loaded from my domain, uh this is not detected and uh and flagged by ad blocker and I'm getting the script to load and I'm getting it to track the data that I need it to track. And if I buy something, I can see the event going to my gateway. And again, this is about consented data. So, this is someone that consented, but but for some reason they have an ad blocker uh because sometimes these ad blockers are imposed by IT or they can be running at different layers. It not It cannot be uh sometimes they're not even on the browser themselves. They're running at the network layer level. And um but they follow kind of the same uh logic typically. And this is a person that actually consented to have their data tracked. So, if they withdraw their consent and I reload my page uh again, nothing is uh being tracked. So, we're respecting the user choice. But if they do consent we are taking their choice into account and are keeping track of the events that we want to track. Now, this is like the main uh like the easiest setup. And I again, this is something that you can do in, you know, 5 to 10 minutes. Kind of the tricky part is might be going to the DNS uh provider to set up your sub your subdomain. But it's literally adding a little snippet of code to your page. Again, uh going back to the gateway, uh there are you can do this in multiple ways. You can also set it up to to run through Shopify and Google Tag Manager, etc. Now, going back to this logic of having data sources and data destinations, uh you can add more data sources. You can also use a file upload. So, if you have conversion data from offline sources like your CRM or other other uh offline conversion sources, you can also use it and set up a file upload uh source. And you you can upload a file. You can set it up for a for it to be a manual CSV file upload. Or you can even pick it up automatically from a certain uh cloud location. So, that's one thing that another thing you can do. And all of those things would end to on You can stream those events. Uh so, you can have online events and offline events going into your same data set. Now, again, uh into destinations, another cool parties and that you can also set it up to have Google BigQuery as a destination so you can stream all of your all of your events directly there or you can send them to a custom webhook and then you can just process that data that's coming in and then send it elsewhere for reporting purposes and things like that. So, that is the gist of it. There are other beta There are other beta features that are being created by on Signal Gateway so you can actually also build custom audiences which is also a neat little feature that they're working on and that can be activated on your gateway where then you can essentially take the event stream that is going through this pipeline and then create custom audiences uh uh on top of which you can then which you can then also use for activation not just on Meta platforms but on others. Uh and finally one one thing that you can use here is this concept of a pipeline filter so you can create All right. So, there are you have the ability to um block certain types of events and you can create custom bits of code when you are setting up your data sources to to create Basically, you can create if you're selling client, you can look at incoming events and have little bits of code that run on the event and then decide whether the the event should be filtered through or not. So, you can enable some more granular consent server-side consent checks or other fancy filters that you want to do if if you want. Uh and again, there are multiple configurations that you can enable here. You can enable data enhancement and and and how you want to treat contact data and things. All of these things are going through the um the the gateway and the fact that you are uh you can also enable your first-party cookie through the server, and this is why you wanted to set up under your own domain because that's what gets you a more durable cookie as well. All right. And uh that's what I had for you in terms of demo. And I believe we can maybe move to uh Q&A. Absolutely. Um so, I will look at all of our questions. We have lots of great questions inside of the chat. So, we're going to kind of just go in order. Um if they were kind of addressed in the presentation, you'll just let us know. Um so, first up is is MSG viable without a complete server-side tagging setup? Great question. All right. So, basically, what I showed you is uh the Signals Gateway setup without using a a full-blown server-side tagging setup. I on that test site, I actually have uh a server-side setup for for different demos, but uh in this case, this is all running independently of, let's say, a server Google Tag Manager. They both can be used in combination. I think maybe time to the second question after that, which is if you have a server-side GTM ready, what other improvements are there with this technology? And then and there are a few that that uh that you can combine here. So, number one is that you get a first-party meta pixel that you can deploy to your site, which should be uh more resilient. So, that's the basically what I just showed you. It's you get a an this platform generates a new pixel that you can deploy first party to your site. That's one number one. And number two is that you get easier to use integration with BigQuery. That's for instance and personally I think it's pretty easy to to set up when when you give it a try. Uh you can do that as well with server-side GTM, of course, but it's it's very easy to set up. But I would say that most differently is this combination of offline sources where you can just upload CSV files and and send them to to to to your data set as part of a combination of online and offline. And just this file upload is not so easy to set up with server-side GTM and this comes kind of out of the box. Uh in addition to that I mentioned that better feature that Meta is working on with custom audience building, which is also very exciting because you can essentially treat your event stream as as a way to as a data source to build custom audiences on. and so I believe that should cover the first two questions. But let me know if you have follow-ups. Absolutely. Yeah, I think you got those. And then I think this is a great question from William. What's the difference between enhanced CAPI and Signals Gateway? So for those of us that may not know or those that are kind of thinking about getting into this Meta thing, I think it's a great question. Right. So the the CAPI in general is what the Conversions API CAPI for for friends. It's it's basically the location where you send data on on the Meta side of things. So this is where data lands. You can connect to it through different means. They're used the the there are other uh um, you know, previous versions of the gateway that can actually send data there. But, it's it's a data destination. The Signals Gateway is a first-party bit of infrastructure that you put in front of the gate the CAPI. It sends data to the CAPI as I showed you. And you do it through that custom pixel that we deploy. And what you get out of that bit of infrastructure is that it's running under your domain. You get to set first-party cookies. You get to control the data flow as as you wish. And you get these other features that I mentioned regarding, you know, big query integration or file uploads and things like that. So, that's I would say just put it into buckets meaning the CAPI being the destination and the Signals Gateway being kind of like the way that data gets there. I was muted. Thank you. So, if William that doesn't answer, if that's not clear, let us know in the chat. Alina is asking, "Does Meta Signals Gateway support advanced consent logic similar to what we can implement in our server-side GTM?" Right. So, much like like server-side GTM, you can implement some advanced logic, but you need to either rely on tags like Google tags specifically that that that have the, you know, consent mode support and all of that. Or, you can do other things based on data that's coming through the events um, flow or or or or alongside with cookies. That's also what we do on our server GTM solution as well where we send the consent information over to the server GTM. And then we provide some guidance on what you do in terms of triggers and so on. In the case of the Meta Signals Gateway, again, you can do it through those advanced filters that I showed you. It's frankly not a super easy if you want to do fancy stuff over there. Our recommendation is to focus on when it comes to this particular deployment through the Meta Signals pixel to the Signals Gateway pixel is to focus your consent control on the client side the way the same way that you already have it, right? So that you don't need to do any additional work. So if you deploy this script through the mechanism that I just showed you, that basically triggering on the same situations that your Meta pixel is triggering, then it reduces the amount of work that you need to do because essentially it's it's out of the box. Um I'm not sure if this answers your question, but yeah, there's no native um way to do any kind of advanced logic inside the gateway at the moment, but in our experience I think that's for the most part you can you could can continue to control that through either the client side cookie banner the CMP or through those filters that I showed you in code. Cool. Thank you. And in the case of anyone's wondering, um I don't plan on ending the call if in 18 minutes if we still have questions, so uh you just the team are you okay if we go a few minutes over cuz we got quite a few in chat. I want to try to get through all of them, but these are great questions. Um so >> pleasure. Yeah, thank you. Okay, so no one's like because make those notifications now. Might be a few minutes late just cuz there's so many great questions. Um can we MSG, so the gateway, if we use a CDN? Right, so what the setup the tech part of the infrastructure that we provide is that you get a either on our own custom domain that I showed you that little usercentric.io. That's like the default one that you get out of the box. Both that one and when you deploy this through a subdomain of yours, like that also like the one I demonstrated, both of them are already uh covered through Cloudflare. So, the data so you already have a CDN out of the box for any traffic that gets sent to those domains. Um so, I'm not sure if you meant hosting this on on a same domain basis, which I would need to follow up with you one-on-one because we haven't tried that yet. I would I would guess that you can still if you want to host everything on the same on the same origin basis, you can still proxy from that domain to your subdomain, but what I'm trying to say is that you shouldn't need to because there's already a CDN in front of the gateway, so it this this thing is set up for scale already. Very cool. And Stanley's asking it works on all DNS providers or are there any restrictions? No, I mean it should work on all providers. All what you need to do is set up CNAME record. So, for those that are not uh technically inclined, that is essentially a the point you create a record saying giving it a name under your under your domain, and then you point it to another domain, which is ours. And behind the scenes, so it's basically just a the If you set up if you're able to set up CNAME records, you're good to go. Very cool. And then, great. And I'm just going through them kind of quickly. We still got several that are there behind them. Um so, uh Aline is asking, "Consent then should be hard-coded, right? Cannot use GTM in this case." That's the question. Good. I mean, you can So, again, you can use GTM uh clients client-side to check for uh to to handle all of the consent. So, let's say it depends on how you deploy your uh your pixel. Um some people have it deployed uh through GTM as well. Uh and uh and there they have the CMP and the and all of the other uh pixel stuff that they might have, and they can control all of the consent changes back and forth through the GTM setup. That is possible. Uh so, you can do that. Although, um it's always it's always beneficial if you at least load the the cookie banner uh outside of GTM because it it loads independently, and and it doesn't uh it's it's a bit more resilient as a setup. But, again, you can control consent and other and the triggering and all of that through GTM. There are instructions if you go through the the setup. Uh you you will have both [snorts] instructions on how to deploy uh the script the the pixel code through GTM uh um yourself and there are also links to the meta documentation uh and our own documentation on how to do that. Uh but, I'm I'm happy to because I I uh I'm happy to follow up with you uh if you have um more specific questions on on on consent. Um and if you're uploading offline conversion data, what would be required to match that up with the tracked user, email or some other key? And that's a question from Skip. Yeah, I mean uh the the format uh depends on kind of your event stream, but yes, you would need something to um to to line them up. You will need a uh in in those cases, you will need some kind of identifier uh and um and the for the user and uh the click uh that would be coming from your offline source. Uh so, if you have either of those, I I don't want to uh say anything incorrect. If I remember correctly, uh the matching order goes from um email. So, the if there's email, it's that. Uh if So, ideally you have an email and a click at at least. Otherwise, there are also other identifiers that can be matched up, but I don't want to say I don't want to say anything incorrect about There's a lot of fuzzy uh algorithms going on behind the scenes uh on on the meta side, but you need some kind of identifier and ideally the click. Very cool. Thank you. And then Kaylin has a great question, too. Um I currently use HubSpot to improve my Meta pixel tracking accuracy. Will Signals Gateway enhance this data even further, or will it just provide unnecessary additional work? Fantastic question. that's a great question. I would say if you're working with HubSpot already, uh you it the I I mean let me say like this. I think you could benefit potentially. It depends on how you're integrating uh data into the Meta ecosystem, but if you are able to send those events that are stored there into the into the same data stream, there shouldn't be that much additional work and you can and you can then get the the the all the other benefits that I mentioned. Again, one point to to emphasize is if this is something that if you already have a meta pixel, what this gets you is an additional bit of consented data because of the reasons that I described earlier. So, this should always give you an uplift and an improvement without that much additional work. Now, on top of that, integrating sources like HubSpot uh is something that can be beneficial, but I'm I will I'm sorry, I will give you the product manager it depends question. So, I'm happy to take that maybe as a follow-up or maybe offline if you want. Very cool. Thank you. And then so yeah, if Caitlin if that didn't quite clarify, you know, always um reach out. And then next one looks like Macy's asking what access or permission level is required for authentication during Signals Gateway pixel setup. Another good question because sometimes you have to ask your client constantly, "No, I need more. I need more." Um so, that's a great question. Great question. I you need access to the to the business I I can confirm I will double-check uh exactly which permissions, but if you are able to see the the the business portfolio and the data sets within that, you're good to go. So, that's it's it's a it's a read at the very least it's the ability to see the business uh portfolio and the the data sets within it. So, the pixels inside of it. Perfect. There, she just gave us thumbs up. Cool. Next one is another one from Caitlin, uh which I think is a great one for all of our agencies in the room. It says, "Can I implement Signals Gateway for multiple clients using the same account, kind of like a manager account setup?" Great question. So, the way um the way that it works is that uh you can get access to a So, when you set this up, you get access by default to a a a gateway that I showed you, but if you go to the UI, let me just show you in a second. Um Let me go with here. All right. So, when you have access to it and as you add more gateways, actually, let me move I believe this Yeah, I'll this one has more um more more data. You if you have multiple gateways, then you can switch between them easily. Uh number one, and you can always uh also add have different users on it. So, you can invite specific users to specific accounts. This is the terminology it's a bit confusing and we've uh actually given this feedback to back to Meta, but accounts are equivalent to what's essentially a gateway, a like a a gateway that I just showed you. And within that gateway, you can have as many pipelines and and and and things that you need, all right? But, a you can have multiple gateways, essentially for different clients uh that you you switch between them, and you can then give users uh if you want to have your client have access to it, you can invite them into this interface, which is separate from the like the product interface that I showed you where where you launch these gateways from. So, yes, you can you could do what you need over here. And then so, I'm just going to follow up with the question I think all of us will want to know too is what happens if your client goes separate ways? Like is there a way to transfer that to them? Or like if you're just doing a project, like do you get them to set it up and then they give you access and then you set it up within inside their account? Like How What is your recommendation on that? That's That's very good question. Uh so, there are two things um that would need to be done in that uh situation. So, if that's already a possibility that you know of, I would recommend that the customer um creates their own hosting account so the the the first bit of the section that I showed you. So, uh and then they um they give you access to the gateway so you can set it up. And uh so, you handle that access through the gate at the gateway level. Um if that's not if that's not anticipated initially, you can do it on your on the your own account. Mhm. And and then uh you would need to um contact our support team that we would transfer transfer the the management of the hosting component to a different user account and inside the gateway it would be the same process that I described, which is just basically making a another user the admin of that gateway in particular. But it it it's a bit of a Mhm. uh manual setup. Um we can improve on that uh for sure, but um, the best way to kind of uh, reduce that friction would be to, ideally, have the customer set up on, uh, on their own. Okay, makes sense. Perfect. I think we got two more so far, but if anyone else has anything that they're thinking of, let's put it in the chat. Um, but so right now, uh, someone's saying, "Sir Daniel, uh, among Signal Gateway and GTM, both server-side and browser-side, which one shall prefer to go with?" Um, So, basically, which one is, I guess, maybe I'm thinking Muhammad's asking which one is better, which one do you prefer? Uh, um, I well, I will I will tell you and I'm not being, uh, I'm not being biased. I I I I like both, but it depends on the use cases that that, um, that you're trying to achieve. So, kind of like the general guidelines that that we um, have is if you are working on a business that is, uh, using multiple channels and multiple and you want like detailed, that, you know, ability to integrate server-side with different, um, platforms, uh, server GTM is a a better, uh, solution right now. It has much more, you know, convenient community templates and all of that. Um, however, uh, if you are mostly if if it's a business that it's where the meta ad spend is the most critical and the most important and where and whether the quick you know, the ability to execute more quickly either because the the the technical skills for SSTM are not there or you need just just need a a a quick project, then Gateway, the Signal Gateway, is a better solution. And I got as I mentioned earlier, they can actually work in tandem. You can use the signals gateway to have the first party signals pixel and get data into the meta ecosystem that way and then use server GTM for other server side integrations that you might want as Nice. Appreciate the honesty on that one. Very cool. And then Nancy is asking, can this tool fully replace all the functionality currently handled by the state server side app? Also a fantastic question. Right. So I'll I'll presume that you mean the the equivalent gateway from state and and the short answer to that would be yes. Is there anything additional that the Usercentrics version is doing compared to the state one or they essentially the same just maybe On a signals gateway level, they're pretty much the same. One thing that's already on our work I can already share that a couple of things that are on our short-term roadmap. We want to make the the the signal the pixel setup more smooth and we will also provide some integrations with native integrations with other data sources so that it's even easier to send data to it like you know, CRMs and certain CMSs. But um right now they're pretty much equivalent. And I must say that uh also uh also cheaper from us. >> [laughter] >> That is always a good to know. Very good to know. So it looks like we actually made it just in time. We have 2 minutes left. I don't see any other questions, but this was great. I really appreciate everyone here that was asking all the great questions and everything. So thank you again for the Usercentrics team, Daniela and Anna to be being here giving us all this great information. Um and we hope to be able to do this a lot more with Measure Summit and Measure U just kind of giving back to the community and providing experts out there to help us understand these new things and allowing us to ask all kind of questions. So this is really great and I appreciate it. And for all of you out there, if you have something that you're wanting us to do for another one of these, just reach out and let us know. Um and so just we would love to be able to and do this more often for you. And so oh Scott's asking question. Thank you Scott for raising your hand to get my attention. Have you integrated your consent tools with your solution? For example, if we use your Signal Gateway or as server-side GTM, do we get your CMP tools too? Are they I guess he's asking is there like a a package of everything or do we just are they all individual? Right. Uh fantastic question. So right now there there's no there's no s- package with subscription to all of them because of different ways that they the the subscriptions work. But in at a technical level they are integrated. So if you're using our CMP tools, we have ways that make it very easy to have the consent from let's say Cookiebot or Usercentric's web CMP into server GTM. And or if you're deploying the Signals Gateway pixel to your site like I showed you, you can uh essentially control the consent through the same way that that you're currently triggering consent for the meta pixel. Uh so at a technical level, yes. At a you know, package level, not yet. But I I'd be I'd be happy if uh I don't know if we can share if you have our contacts, but I'd be happy to I'd be happy to follow up because I would like to explore kind of the cases that that Scott that you could see [clears throat] happening over there. Because that's something that we want to work on. Perfect segue cuz I was actually actually about to say cuz there's a couple people that were like, you know might have some different instances where they need to reach out to you directly because it's a completely free event we didn't have it like we're going to post on LinkedIn but I don't know if that's always the place to do it. So if you want to give them your email address or wherever you want them to email you so you guys can continue this conversation wherever it's best so it doesn't have to be inside measure you or LinkedIn or whatever just whatever works. So perfect it's inside chat. I just posted there and just ping me anytime I'm happy to schedule a a a call with you or just exchange some emails whatever you prefer. Perfect so I'm going to give everyone a hot sec to get that email as they're kind of going through we're getting some great feedback you know they're saying you got to get going I'm excited to check this out so thanks so much for doing this and so everyone say yes and we're getting lots of little hands and hearts and stuff like that so and then Anna's reminding please share your feedback so if you're watching the recording use your device to grab that QR code and get the feedback because it really does help the teams to not only know their presentations but just everything about just knowing if this is useful or not do we need to do more do we need to change anything so it's just always really really helpful for any company to get the feedback so it takes you only just a few minutes and it provides a better service for all of us out there in the community so again let us know if you want more of these within measure you and measure summit so we can keep doing free things for everybody so we can all level up and grow cuz this world is changing really freaking fast so I appreciate all of you thank you so much I hope you guys have a good rest of your week bye guys. Thank you bye bye. >> Thank you. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @housofgustavo [5 likes]: Where can i get access to this software there's no link in the description?

- 5 Surprising Window Film Facts: Expert Answers Your Most Common Questions: Kind: captions Language: en of the longevity of the film. It'll last a lot longer on the inside. So, people try and install window film on their own and they end up with a lot of bubbles, so thick that it's really difficult to install it on the [Music] glass. Hello, my name is Katie. I work for Scottish Window Tinting. I'm a senior account manager and I've been with the company for 8 years. Window film actually gets installed on the interior surface of the glass, which most people don't know. And we do it on the interior because of the longevity of the film. It'll last a lot longer on the inside since it doesn't need to endure the weather and rain, snow, heat. Although, if we cannot access a window on the inside, we can put exterior film on the exterior. It's just not going to last as long. DIY always sounds like a good idea up front, but most people try and install window film on their own and they end up with a lot of bubbles or uneven edges around the window frame. And that's just because of how difficult the film really is to install, but you don't really think it's difficult because the installers are all really good and they make it look easy. Um, but it's not recommended to DIY your own window film project. The most challenging window film that I believe the installers have ever done is going to be a really thick security film. And that's because the film's so thick that it's really difficult to install it on the glass. You can't cut any edges. It has to be cut perfectly from the beginning on a film handler and then transferred over to the window. Security films are just really particular and thick and that's what prevents somebody from being able to break in and break through the glass. They're intended to be that way. Uh, but it is tricky to install. It's not uncommon for customers who live on a golf course to call a window film company to prevent um a golf ball from hitting the glass and breaking it. And unfortunately, window film really doesn't prevent your glass from breaking. It would all depend on how strong the golf ball was hit and at what force it actually hits the glass. Um, but we do not 100% guarantee that a golf ball won't crack someone's glass if film is on the window. The security window film we've seen protect against a couple different objects. Some of those would be big rocks, a hammer, or a baseball bat that people have tried to break through glass with. We can see it um through security cameras that a store has or a homeowner. If you have any questions or anything that we might be able to help with, feel free to give us a call at 3036628214 and our website is www.scottishwwindinning.com.

- Tiếng lòng bé yêu hé lộ bí mật: chồng và anh trai đang hủy hoại gia đình cô: Kind: captions Language: en Resentment is really strong Who is that? Dare to disturb me to save the gods Heavenly eyes open! Huo Chengjun! It's our Qin family helped him sit in the Director's chair Yet he dared to slander the victim put my father in jail You ungrateful and ungrateful thing! Don't think I don't know You Qin family from beginning to end never respected me You guys have today It's all self-inflicted Is poison good to drink? Even if you turn into a ghost, I won't forgive you! No wonder the resentment is so heavy How pitiful Huyen Dao you and Tan Uyen Tran have a deep fate You must be reincarnated as her daughter Help her have a fulfilling life wash away resentment Only then can we accumulate enough merit ascended to become a god Try your best, lady About to be born Try your best Born Dear Mrs. Hoac She gave birth to a baby girl But this baby was stillborn How is this possible? Show me your child I won't do it anymore What's that sound? Who's talking? Are not. no one spoke Maybe I heard wrong? Give me the child The baby is dead Watching it only makes her heart ache more Who is stillborn? Mom, please save me! Mommy's baby is about to suffocate to death It seemed like the sound of a baby You give me the baby! I told you to give me the baby! Mom is so good! The baby is saved! Sorry Mrs. Hoac It's because I saw it wrong Whether you're breathing or not, can you still see wrongly? I don't even know how to lie Who ordered you to harm my child? they don't dare to speak Huo Chengjun, that old man bribed the nurse to harm her child But now he is the Director of Jiangcheng First Scientific Research Institute How dare they offend? What? Is it Thua Quan? Story. Is this true? Won't you say it? Take them to the Qin family's house Dad will find a way Let them talk Yes Where are you? Hurry up Take the two of them to the Qin family's house Madam, spare your life! Merit points plus one thousand When will it come? Just accumulated a hundred million Mom smells so good, fragrant and cuddly What I heard was The sound of this child's heart Could it be that a fairy descends to earth? Mom rest assured In this life, I will protect my mother Absolutely do not let a bad father ruin your family Ensuring mother has a worry-free life How could Thua Quan leave his family devastated? But if it's true what this kid said then the two nurses from before was ordered by Thua Quan Aunt Liu In the past few days, please send someone to monitor Thua Quan to see if he has any strange movements Baby, just call me Dao Dao Huo Yao Yao, okay? What a coincidence This life's name is also Dao Dao Mom Is it a brother or a sister? Let me see it This is a hospital. Don't make a fuss Came at just the right time Hurry up and see your little sister again Didn't dad say this baby would be thrown away? Why is it still alive? Mom, let me hold your baby I didn't let her hold me There was poison on her palm Mom, save me! Saved This little girl Hoac Kieu Kieu not just adopted children but also the illegitimate son of a bad father He is afraid that I will take away his position so I want to poison myself Poor me still just a newborn baby If you get poisoned, you will lose your life in just a moment Kieu Kieu is again Thua Quan's stepchild? Mom, now that you have a biological daughter, don't you love Kieu Kieu anymore? Disgusting green tea If only mom had a way It would be nice to expose its true face Mom saw me running sweat profusely I'm afraid you'll be thirsty Eat an apple for now Even though this poison is applied on your hands, it cannot make you alone But eating it in the stomach is not certain Mom, I'm not thirsty Or mom, let me carry the baby first Apples are poisoned As expected, he did not dare to eat It turns out that what Dao Dao said was true Mom, are you protecting me? Are you afraid that you will harm your sister? Big brother Kieu Kieu was also raised by her mother She doesn't have so many dirty thoughts This is my big brother As expected of being the youngest cardiovascular surgery expert in Long Quoc Unfortunately, in the end, it wasn't just his bad father who gave him crippled hands but also have to bear the blame for him His body was paralyzed and he committed suicide Did you hear anything? Who is saying that? Maybe Can I hear my sister's voice? You are not Seeing your sister so happy makes you feel stupid, right? Come on, sister Let's play with the second brother Don't play with idiots My poor second brother Obviously a returning international student is a famous painter immeasurable money Unfortunately, Hoac Kieu Kieu seduced him. If it doesn't work, then try to harm him Falling in love with evil women Trick him into going abroad Get the heart and get the kidney It's all because of Hoac Kieu Kieu's acting Extremely skillful Causing her two brothers to spin like a pinwheel Mistaking the wolves for relatives Big brother, second brother You two should quickly be careful of that Hoac Kieu Kieu In his hand, he still has poison hidden, intending to kill me What did Kieu Kieu do wrong? But you're targeting me like that? You two, please help me with something If Kieu Kieu didn't hide the poison, why didn't she dare eat it? The apple has already been touched Just eat an apple What should I aim at you? Why do these two idiots seem to turn into different people? Don't they always defend themselves? Obnoxious No one can help me Let me get in the water first me I just went to the hospital contact with patients Hands contaminated with bacteria Haven't washed yet That's why I don't dare eat it Contact with a patient infected with any bacteria? Obviously applying poison does Watch out What my sister said was true My hands are covered in bacteria Yet you still dare to touch your sister Merit points add five thousand Is there a faster way? Kieu Kieu really didn't mean it If you're still angry, just hit me Tan Uyen Tran always liked to pretend gentle and virtuous She probably wouldn't dare take action either Good idea Don't watch, don't watch One thousand Plus ten thousand more Leave the rest behind and then slap again Just now it was as if someone was controlling me It's all Dao Dao's doing But these slaps It's really a good fight Mom, how dare you hit me? big brother, second brother It must be her I'm about to go home and tell my dad By the way, we'll be back too Just good I also want to meet your father Finally about to meet the mastermind That's a bad dad Big brother, can you also hear your sister's voice? Why baby? Can you predict the future? It said I would die miserably Because Dao Dao is our biological sister, she will definitely not harm us As for what she said I'm afraid it's all true But how could my father let me bear the blame for him? He has been very good to me so far Uyen Tran You are truly the great master of our family Another daughter added to our family Any Dad's little darling Let Dad carry you No, no need! The bad dad just came back from having fun with his lover I don't want your dirty hands to touch me Thua Quan him Does he have a lover? The bad father pretends to be faithful on the outside In fact, he and his lover had secretly been together for a long time Hoc Kieu Kieu is his child with that mistress This girl is strange Those useless people at the hospital But I can't handle this kid Sooner or later I have to get rid of it The eldest lady of the Hoac family It can only be Kieu Kieu It's all because you didn't come with me to give birth today Dao Dao Are you angry at a father like me? I'm really because the research institute has work today If not, I would definitely have come to you What a lie! It was obvious that he took advantage of his mother's birth Secretly having an affair with your lover Howling all day long And that lover is also at the Hoac family's house The name is Van Quynh Le Why her? My father got into debt and ran away Creditors come to the house every day Smash and beat yourself You must save yourself Thua Quan Quynh Le is my best friend You help her I know you are the best for me One is the husband I have loved for more than twenty years someone is my best friend It turned out that they had been secretly flirting with each other for a long time I was the only one who was blindsided Where is Butler Van? Call her Come see the lady Why are you suddenly looking for her? Husband What are you stressed about? She is also the housekeeper Isn't coming to see Dao Dao a very normal thing? Quynh Le has been tired all day You should probably be asleep by now Bad father, only feels sorry for his lover who was tired all day because of sneaking around with him Why don't you feel sorry for your wife who was tired all day giving birth to your child? Mom is right I'll call her over here right away Older brother Why are you dragging me? It's an adult's matter, let them handle it themselves As boys, it's not convenient for us to interfere Let's go Mom, don't be afraid Dao Dao will protect mother Mom is the most wonderful mother in the world This child It was truly sent by God to save me Huo Qiming What are you doing? What are you so angry for? Little Ky Minh has always lived a dignified life It hates dirty things the most Isn't it normal to be angry? Quynh Le You're not going out today, right? You dare to have an affair with a man right in my house It's a matter of men and women That's just common sense Why are you angry? Furthermore Isn't Quynh Le your friend? If this embarrassing story gets out, How will people look at our Hoac family? My two sons are not married yet If this bad news gets out What other family's young lady dares to marry here? so i want chase her away? What's up? Are you heartbroken? You stay like that Don't be afraid of what outsiders say Are you a cheater? How can you think about me like that? This life is yours Besides you, there will be no second woman The mouth speaks with one heart and one heart But actually inside, I hate myself Freeloading on the Qin family You can only find the feeling of existing with your lover Sir I have been a housekeeper at the Huo family for more than ten years Without merit, there is also suffering Grandfather Do you really want to chase me away? Dad Don't chase housekeeper Van away She has been taking care of me for so many years. I can't bear it Bastard child I came to pray for my biological mother The baby is just a month old was brought back as my adopted son From accommodation and travel As for education, we take care of everything with our own hands Yet I dare say I was raised by her Child If you can't bear to leave, just go with her Mom was so right This Hoac Kieu Kieu is truly ungrateful Mom, don't be sad because of it Later, Dao Dao became a biological daughter and was filial to her mother My face Who's fighting? What a gut! Dare to beat Huo Chengjun's daughter? It was me who fought Today at the hospital he almost hurt Dao Dao What if I hit it? Miss She has a biological daughter immediately mistreated the adopted child and slander She's like this There is also Tan Uyen Tran gentle and gentle that I have ever known? Before Because of being too gentle and virtuous That's why I pamper you guys Everyone climbed on my head and neck From now on I also have to live to look good In short Today is the Hoac family Must clean up the house These two people, kick them all out for me Are you telling me to chase those two away? So what? Mom is so wise If you want to open the window, you have to demolish the house first Is this forcing the scum dad to choose between the two? Uyen Tran. After all, Kieu Kieu was raised by her single hand But she never considered me her mother It's all because I'm not good I intentionally taught Kieu Kieu to approach me It's all my fault Kieu Kieu is still young, don't blame her I'm leaving If you will tell me who that cheater is Maybe I can still keep her It's too late. You should rest Today I will sleep with you two No need, I sleep with Dao Dao That's OK Merit points plus 100,000 I'll tell the driver to take you to the house in the west of the city first. I'll just stay there I'll send some money over I'm assured I absolutely will not leave you alone You don't need to lie to me I know that financial control of the Hoac family is in the hands of Tan Uyen Tran I don't ask for anything else I just hope you treat Kieu Kieu well rest assured I don't need to worry about this he has his own way Ma'am Those two nurses have already confessed It is true that Huo Chengjun ordered them to do that This name is Hoac Thua Quan If it weren't for the support from the Qin family, how would he be where he is today? What an ungrateful and ungrateful thing Unexpectedly, it was really him Oh yes, my lady Just now I passed by the door I heard Hoac Thua Quan say something that he had another way to do business Do you know this? I know, I know That way of doing business is selling cheap fake drugs That bad father was greedy for research money has always secretly imported cheap fake drugs from abroad until it is discovered He even forced his eldest brother to bear the blame That bad dad is on the 15th of this month Will go to the warehouse outside the city to transact If possible, let the eldest brother see it with his own eyes so sleepy News says Recently a lot of patients They all bought fake drugs Losing money doesn't mean anything, but it also causes you to miss out on treatment Not allowed I have to let Ky Minh know about this Did mom also hear the youngest brother's voice? Director Today is your daughter's first month party We have to solve this quickly. Don't let anyone detect our absence Director Hoac. The goods you need are here Good He told me to listen The purpose of scientific research is for the advancement of medicine so that in the future it can help more patients I really didn't expect that he was the leader of selling fake drugs No matter what Absolutely do not let this batch of fake medicine enter Long Quoc Take them to the law enforcement department. Seize those fake drugs Let me go! Who the hell dares to stand in my way of making money? Why child? You bastard You dare block your father's way to make money? Dad! Ba is the most prestigious director at Giang Thanh Research Institute Dad has researched so many special medicines that have saved so many lives But now Dad is so depraved that he sells fake medicine? Little boy You will know later have money is the truth Are you still going to denounce me? Is this kid really planning on killing himself? Okay, you were inhumane then don't blame me for being unjust Today is Dao Dao's full month party Where is dad? Why can't even you see? It's broken, there's something wrong with you Mr. Ba is afraid that his eldest brother will report him for selling fake medicine Do you want to harm big brother to destroy your voice? Bad old man, don't try to achieve your goal Eat my entire move Thien Ly Truyen Xi! Female What's going on? Dad are you okay? My feet This little brat The network is really big Dried. No problem It's good that dad is okay Dad, Dao Dao's full month party is about to start Dad is the baby's father Let's go home quickly This kid, your father was seriously injured Don't need to go to the hospital? Dad himself said it was okay Besides, with a wound like this, a few stitches will be enough Merit points plus 200,000 this knife Must be paralyzed for at least half a month Let's see if this bad Dad still dares to harm the eldest brother Parents Why have you lost so much weight? How does Hoac Thua Quan take care of his child? This girl also refuses to go home I don't even know whether you live well or not Because he paid attention to Hoac Thua Quan's mood So after marrying into the Hoac family, I rarely went to my mother's house The boss is right From now on, I will often visit home A Chieu Why did you say something inappropriate to your sister as soon as you got home? Well said If the child refuses to go home, she should be taught a few more words Stop it After receiving the invitation but last night I couldn't sleep all night Now it's time to start bidding again Grandfather, grandmother Uncle Is this your new granddaughter? Come here so I can carry you High, plump forehead nostrils are wide open There's still a little bit of red between you It is true that the appearance of a person is blessed A person of high status without any dust His eyes exuded a radiant spirit My grandparents are not ordinary at all Unfortunately, my grandfather was falsely accused revealed genetic secrets and had to go to jail Grandmother also on the day my grandfather was unjustly murdered committed suicide There's no one talking And here is my uncle Why can't you see your identity? Could it be that he had finally lost his mind? So the underworld didn't record it? Hey bro Please carry Dao Dao. I have something to tell my parents Okay, let me hold the baby Be good Did you two also hear Dao Dao's heart? It turned out that it was the voice of her heart So is everything she said true? Dao Dao seems to be able to predict the future But because I already know I will definitely make Hoac Thua Quan pay for those despicable acts I will make him lose everything. The body is paralyzed As expected of being the daughter of my Qin family Tran Nhi Whatever you do in the future, I will be your back Mom and Dad, are you two coming too? My grandchild's first birthday party, can't I come? What's wrong with my leg? Today is my daughter's As a father, he still receives guests with a limp It really doesn't work at all I just accidentally fell down Let's have a delicious meal, you two Why did you invite Dad? You know he doesn't like me Even though my father looked down on him but these past few years Out of respect for me, he also helped me a lot It's Dao Dao's birthday, why can't he come? That's all when he comes, it's just a monthly party What are you doing to show off like that? Aren't you afraid of damaging Dao Dao's blessings? When I held a full-month party for Kieu Kieu Didn't you cover the entire Man Giang Hoa Vien to organize for her? Now it's Dao Dao's turn But do you regret money? Don't worry The Huo family's expenses are all deducted from my dowry I spend money on my daughter then it's no one's turn to talk about it What do you mean? Criticized me for being a freeloader Ky Minh, are you okay? Did Dad hurt you? Dad just really wanted to harm me Finally, big brother can clearly see the true face of that bad Dad So is the boss going to denounce? unimpeachable That bad Dad has already left a way out When buying fake medicine, he always used the boss's name If Big Brother denounces, only the country will take the blame Wait a little longer Afraid of dying Big brother, you must definitely not fall into the trap that bad father dug for you Ladies and gentlemen My daughter's first month party is about to officially begin this father Thank you everyone for attending This is the talisman that I took the trouble to go to the Phap Phap temple Invite Master Huineng enlighten my daughter Used to pray for peace for the baby Master Huineng's amulet That is to kneel and bow step by step Only on each stone step can one find that treasure Director Hoac is truly a motherly father He was so sincere Counterfeit goods, fake goods This is an unopened fake It's something that bad dad conveniently bought on the sidewalk I don't need it, I don't need it Hoac Kieu Kieu's He personally went to Pho Da pagoda to ask for a protective amulet It's my Dao Dao's turn he used fake things to fool around This is the heirloom jade Buddha of my Qin family Exclusively for Dao Dao This Tan Uyen Tran Anything good is hidden away If you want to give this jade Buddha, you should give it to Kieu Kieu first Dao Dao is still young Wearing this is easy to lose This jade Buddha Should give it to Kieu Kieu The baby will definitely be very happy My Dao Dao She is the only granddaughter of the Qin family What is a small jade Buddha worth? This is the real good stuff Worth a lot, a lot of money. It's still my mother who loves Dao Dao the most This girl is really greedy for money Is this amulet of yours real? Lady Hoac It's true that repaying kindness with resentment People always say that Tan Uyen Tran is gentle and gentle I see that she is just a shrewd woman that even her husband is suspicious of her Uyen Tran, you have wronged me so much You cheater, you liar I really want a bolt of lightning to hit him That's not true, just being struck by lightning is not enough to lose face How can I make him lose face even more? So do you dare to swear before this jade Buddha statue? If I lie Then heaven and earth will be destroyed Wow, mom is so powerful If the bad old man was punished right in front of everyone, he would definitely lose face forever Don't dare Who says I don't dare? I don't believe so This jade Buddha is so powerful If this is fake Then I will be punished by heaven and earth Retribution twice a day. The bad old man must be doubting his life Why is this? Take him to the hospital Let everyone laugh The party has already started Everyone, please eat naturally Girl, you're so talented Will your brother-in-law be okay? Oh well, don't worry about him Let's just have fun on our own Okay Country A side After hearing the news that his transaction failed, he was very angry Huo Chengjun This is not the first time he bought medicine How can you still let people follow you? This rotten boy Huo Qiming Don't know how to listen Where did you get the news from? But coming to the warehouse ruined my good deeds Lately he's been investigating the drug issue The other side has long instructed us to eliminate it Now he even knows Our transaction Can't keep it anymore Just be strong and do it Absolutely no comments Isn't he your son? Don't you feel sorry? The child born to Tan Uyen Tran What do I have to feel sorry for? But this transaction suffered heavy losses What the other side means is He had to spend 10 million to compensate for the loss otherwise You can rest assured about this Tan Uyen Tran has a lot of money I'll go find it and ask for it, right? Why him? Look at me seriously injured like this If you really What is the fate? Who can my mother and I rely on? Please drink a bowl of chicken soup Tan Uyen Tran did not come to take care of him then leave it to me I knew it right away You're a hundred times better than that rotten woman I just wait Wait until you regain power and the property of the Qin family I will take you to that position What do you think this is? Uyen Tran, you have to save me Husband, that day I was struck by lightning How did you get better so quickly? Don't mention it again I was also deceived by that old monk. Someday I'll have to find the old man to settle the accounts And you too, wife I was in the hospital for so many days, but you didn't bother to visit me You're not really mad at me, are you? 10 million The couple's separate money combined There's no way there's so much Don't need that much money Someday I will go ask for Tan Uyen Tran Does she lack any money? If it weren't for her dirty money, would you have had to endure her for so long? It's no wonder that ordinary people can't stand it and you can't stand it My good Le Le The director hasn't seen me for several days Husband, if you have anything, just say it directly That kid Huo Qiming hid in the hospital and refused to see him Hoac Tuan Hy went to Paris to see the painting exhibition As an old man, I have to personally borrow money These two brats Wife These days it's my research institute The project budget is too tight I want to borrow 50 million Rest assured Waiting for money to research this project I will give all the profits to you Apparently only 10 million is missing Yet he dares to open his mouth and demand 50 million This bad Dad probably wants to ask for more money To serve your lover, right? Don't give, don't give Mom's money must be saved for Dao Dao to spend It's not that I don't want to lend you a loan but in the house, there's really nowhere to get it anymore Not even a penny can be managed Ky Minh and Tuan Hy are okay Only Kieu Kieu She is a girl, with a golden body and jade leaves and golden branches If you have to squeeze spending Afraid that people will laugh at you What about Ba's side? Using my mother's dowry is not enough He still wants to extort money from his father-in-law To feed lovers Truly shameless Don't hide anything from me On Dao Dao's first month, Dad was very angry Even I was estranged I originally intended to say today you and me Bring some gifts to visit dad. Advise him to calm down Even I'm still worried about this Do you still have to spend money to please him? If he can't even get the money, is he still worthy of being a father? He couldn't find even a single penny What's wrong with you? Tan Uyen Tran kept being evasive absolutely refused to lend money If it weren't for the fact that keeping her would be beneficial he really wanted to deal with her Don't be hasty It's okay if she refuses to lend it I still have some jewelry left, I can sell it Probably worth a few tens of millions Treasure You know right away that I love you the most Really hate it Hello Mrs. Hoac, long time no see This time she found me What do you want to buy? I have some jewelry I want to sell Please take a look and help me determine the price Director Hoac and she are our regular guests I will definitely give you the best price Director, she is Mrs. Hoac What else to say? always by her side Everyone said that Director Hoac was faithful Isn't she Mrs. Hoac? Could she be the third child? Mrs. Hoac There are a few desserts here, please try them Madam, does she have anything to do with the preservation of this jewelry? Mom, it's too late for you to understand Her mother's jewelry was long ago swapped with fake ones by Huo Kieu Kieu The real jewelry now belongs to Van Quynh Le Madam, what's wrong with you? Van Quynh Le is currently at the jewelry store Mom must definitely get that jewelry back for you Dao Dao likes jewelry Even if it's just for Dao Dao, mom still has to get those jewelry back Auntie, go and tell the driver to pick up Hoac Kieu Kieu here Why did she come here? It's probably because she didn't feel secure about Kieu Kieu that she personally came to maintain the jewelry I'm afraid she still doesn't know that the jewelry is fake At this moment, I must take the opportunity to humiliate her This lady looks really cool She looks even richer than Mrs. Hoac Madam, do you want to buy jewelry? I made an appointment with your manager yesterday Would you please help me verify whether the jewelry in this box is real or fake? Lady Dear lady, this jewelry is yours The fake looks really sophisticated but all are fake It's all glass or gold covered with silver How is that possible? These jewelry were all personally given to his wife by Director Hoac There's also the lady's dowry. How could it be a fake? These are all jewelry sent by Director Hoac Who are you? I am Huo Chengjun's wife I have never seen any noble lady using fake jewelry I see you want to borrow Director Hoac's name to scam Manager, quickly call the police Catch this scammer for me Van Quynh Le, you've been a minor for so long that you've forgotten your true identity? What is that? Catch it, quickly give it to me Are you planning to buy me that necklace? Why are you here? Since we're all crowded, let's settle the bill as one Mom, what is the calculation? Why don't you understand what I'm saying? this is not The jewelry Mrs. Hoac just sent? Kieu Kieu Previously, all my jewelry was maintained by her Now all real things have turned into fakes The real things are at Van Quynh Le's place So you two Who is that thief? If you say it's yours then it's yours? Where's the evidence? My jewelry is all high-end designer products The gemstone setting has my name engraved on it Abbreviated name of Tan Uyen Tran I just checked it out. It's true that there are real abbreviations It turns out she is not Mrs. Huo. Truly a group of thieves Mom, please accept it If Tan Uyen Tran knew, I actually stole it and gave it to my mother Wouldn't she kick me out of the Huo family? It was me who took advantage of Kieu Kieu's absence to steal it It has nothing to do with Kieu Kieu It's good to admit it Aunt Luu, put this jewelry away Then call someone to take them away Bodyguard! Merit points plus 50,000 Why is she that kind of person? That bad dad and Van Quynh Le Surely they often hang out together making outsiders think that Van Quynh Le is his wife Those two are truly shameless. Truly robbing a guest's nest If it weren't for Dao Dao I'm probably still blindsided right now Manage Take all your jewelry Here come out for me Do you like jewelry or gold? I take it all, I take it all Dao Dao wants to sleep on a pile of gold Everyone in the world knows that you guys are childhood friends If she gets caught His image will also be affected Husband, rest assured Before I came here I announced it publicly Cut off all ties with Van Quynh Le Miss... How could she be so cruel? Just need her to come forward and explain the misunderstanding She won't be caught there She must have cornered a poor woman At the end of the road? How pitiful am I? It's not his turn to pity you either Huo Chengjun, I tell you No matter who comes to beg I will not save Van Quynh Le either If I say How about telling your child to release Quynh Le? Mom, why are you here? The bad father's mother is here The house leaks from the roof This old witch Not just covering up for the bad father's adultery He also causes trouble for his mother all day long. For her, it's Quynh Le and Hoac Kieu Kieu It's her daughter-in-law and granddaughter I just went to Hong Kong to recuperate for a few days But the house has become like this Uyen Tran, that girl Quynh Le It's also because we watch it grow up This is definitely a misunderstanding I'll go explain a bit Then release it Mom, this has already spread out If Quynh Le is innocent I'm afraid outsiders will say it The thief is Kieu Kieu I have no other choice Disgusting old lady How dare you bully my mother I punish you in the name of the moon Mother, Tan Uyen Tran refused to come forward We have no choice but to spend money to save people I'm a bit stuck lately... Do you still want to borrow money from me? Maybe I don't know? We spend money all the time Tan Uyen Tran's friendship card Doesn't mom still have jewelry? If it doesn't want to There's no need to run away either You rotten boy, I've lost control of my wheelchair Come quickly and save me you also know A lot of things have happened to our house recently and we really can't get that much money out to give to country A no money Then pay with your life I don't want to die don't hurt me I use my son's life to pay not that he always wanted to Black Ky Minh's life? I help you, don't hurt me How do you help? Imperial Hospital received the director of the Chinese Academy of Scientific Research Just let Wallace Huo be the chief surgeon Then the surgery failed Huo Qiming's career seems to be over It's so arrogant and self-important If your career is destroyed, it will be over Trust me go to the Imperial City? That's right I received an invitation from Imperial Hospital to perform a heart transplant surgery for Director Tu of the Long Quoc Academy of Sciences But Imperial Hospital which always cooperates closely with Ba Con I'm afraid this matter has his hand in it Heart transplant surgery has a very high difficulty level Almost no one in this country or outside of the country can do it I must go save people But Mom, Director Hua has contributed to medicine and scientific research world-class If possible, make friends with him will also benefit the development of the Qin family Mom wants to confront Dad, right? The stronger the Qin family is, the safer the new mother will be Sir, in addition to the kind heart of a physician, you are also a very filial son I admire your kindness like that I will tell you a hexagram It's gone Big brother is in danger! This is the surgery that left the eldest brother's hands disabled Ky Minh I really can't do this surgery I understand your thoughts But for a mother like you As long as the child is safe, I can rest assured But if you don't go Director Tu will definitely die Director Tu is in charge of the precision medicine project only globally Once progress has been made It will benefit millions of patients I can't just watch Such an academic master must die on his deathbed Big brother is truly human Always keep in mind the hope that the world will no longer have disease Even if the medicine on the shelf is covered in dust, it doesn't matter If big brother insists on going, that's fine Just bring one of your items with you If there is any emergency I can help you turn danger into safety If you really want to go Then take this with you This way we also feel more secure Director Tu's condition cannot be delayed any longer. Prepare your tools The surgery was successful That's good Cardiac arrest and respiratory arrest Prepare for electric shock Is that old man dead yet? Why haven't we seen any movement yet? That Huo Qiming guy didn't go out So how do I act? I was wrong, I was wrong I will definitely pay off my gambling debt My father is the director of Long Quoc Research Institute. He has money His father was honest all his life kicked him out of the house a long time ago Who are you fooling? Give you a chance to redeem yourself here His father is about to have surgery at Long Quoc The main doctor is Huo Qiming This surgery will definitely fail I want after the surgery fails, you take advantage of the chaos to cut off Huo Qiming's hands After finishing work Your debt will be wiped clean I'm sorry, Lady Tu The surgery failed Aren't you the best doctor in the country? Why is my husband still dead? Get out of the way, let me see his face one last time! Lady Tu, please suppress your pain Mom, don't be like that It was a charlatan like you who killed my father! I make you pay for your life! Lady, you haven't eaten anything for two days Use some bird's nest Whatever comes will come Unfortunately, the opponent is my Huyen Dao Immortal Venerable Then even the King of Hell would have to give up three parts Who are you anyway? Because of my great kindness to the country and the people, I will save your life After you wake up, go out and support Hoac Ky Minh Your son is being harmed by bad guys The dead body has come back to life! Big brother! Dad was killed by this charlatan Why are you two stopping me? I must make him pay for his life! Who said I died? Grandpa, are you not dead yet? he is still alive! God has eyes! he made me lose my mind Three You insolence Who gave you permission to come here and cause trouble? Life and death are numbered Maybe the surgery just failed? So it must be the doctor's fault? I no longer consider you my son anymore Who sent you? come here to perform this play? Someone, take it out for me Doctor Hoac This time I really thank you Recently I was in charge of a project looking for collaborators I saw this project It is most appropriate to give it to you If successful Merit points will increase by 500 thousand Alright So big brother is safe It's just a pity this time consumes too much spiritual energy In the near future, you will no longer be able to use spiritual energy Dao Dao cannot use spiritual energy I went to my mother's house in Hai Thanh for a few days Are you still coming back at this hour? Isn't that causing more trouble for the Qin family? The Qin family has been on the market recently have been continuously facing difficulties I advise her Just stay safe at home In a few days it will be time for mourning You can go home now Her mother suddenly fell ill with a life-threatening illness What? Why didn't you say it sooner? Your mother's family didn't even tell me why I was wasting my energy? It's true that the girl is married like a bowl of water being thrown away It's such a big deal and my grandmother doesn't even bother to call my mother Disgusting old woman Grandpa and everyone definitely worried about mom As for her, she only knows how to gloat over other people's pain Unfortunately, now I no longer have spiritual energy Otherwise, I would have turned into a toad and jumped on her, scaring her to death Aunt Luu should book the earliest flight ticket to Hai Thanh That disaster is not in my mother's memory As expected, my guess was not wrong Last time it caused the entire Qin family Besides that bad father, there is another person Even my mother doesn't know who it is The mastermind behind the curtain Besides Huo Chengjun Is there anyone else who wants to harm the Qin family? This mastermind Just go to the I will definitely catch him If it's true what Dao Dao said The Qin family is also in turmoil If we bring Dao Dao back She no longer has the spiritual power to protect herself. Isn't that like giving yourself into the tiger's mouth? Ma'am, earliest flight is tomorrow morning I have already ordered it for you It's just a shame that now I've lost all my spiritual energy Otherwise, catching the culprit would have been easier Who can do some good deeds in my name? Only then can our spiritual energy be restored This Please go to a charity organization and donate ten million in Dao Dao's name Madam, you are so kind She did charity work for herself But that also includes the lady's share Can we go back to my grandparents' house? Oh my god, just one night has passed Has spiritual energy recovered this much? Are my followers offering incense to worship me? Very good offering Mom, what do you mean? Mom won't let me go back to the Qin family The Qin family has been so busy lately Who knows, maybe you're facing retribution I'll come back What if you are unlucky and have bad luck? Then what happens when it is passed on to my son? Mom, before you went I beg you to marry me didn't say that if not to trick you into marrying far away Mom doesn't bother acting Now I have tricked you into coming here What else do you have to pretend? Times are different now You are now part of my Hoac family then you must listen to me Think carefully, people The one who hired you is me The person who pays your salary is also me Do you guys really want to stop me? Mom, why are you still talking nonsense to her? I love you, make a move Why is this new wheelchair broken again? Save me, save me Help me The ungrateful son is back Certainly not beyond my expectations The Qin family has been exposed to an evil formation that robs other people's fortunes as their own Killing to nourish yourself Let's see, how will this match be broken? Oh right Go around the wall and you'll see a fortification Just move it Below the barrier is the eight characters of the birth date of the person who sets up the battle I want to see who wants to put our Qin family to death This eight characters are These eight characters do not belong to their family members Could it be that Dao Dao guessed wrong? That person is not from the Qin family Oh no, my grandmother is not going to survive Father Why is mom suddenly so sick? I don't believe it I have to go out and find more medicine. I will definitely save my mother Mom, Tran Nhi is back Mom opened her eyes and looked at me Why did you come back here? You came back just in time Take one last look at your mother Who said it was the last time? Mother and grandmother have many faces Vomiting blood was caused by the evil force This disease will naturally go away What's wrong with me? I kept seeing it before His eyes darkened before his eyes Just now there was a flash of golden light Suddenly my eyes became clear Of course it is Old lady, you escaped I'm okay anymore Merit points plus 500,000 Mom, you're cured! Little sister, you are truly the blessing of this house Let me tell the kitchen Prepare your favorite dishes Tonight we will organize a cozy family dinner What is the story of the evil formation that Dao Dao just talked about? Do you recognize the eight characters above? We are members of the Qin family No one has these eight characters Where did you get it? Calamity of the Qin family It's because someone set up an evil formation This is what you get when clearing the battle There are definitely insiders inside the Qin family Dad, you definitely have to be careful The Qin family's family feast is even better than the Huo family's Unfortunately, I'm still just a baby with no teeth yet Just crave with your eyes but the mouth cannot eat anything Someone Who is he anyway? The sound is really strong No wonder even I can't see his true face But evil repays evil, sooner or later he will reveal his fox tail Hopefully so Oh that's right mom Mom, quickly go to the Tan family's backyard to find things under the big eucalyptus tree Someone buried a box there Inside were fake genetic engineering documents Auntie went to my bag and took out that document Don't let others find out No matter who it is Don't try to harm my family My parents Ta Chieu Hoa is not dead yet The Qin family was able to escape this disaster But the Qin family will soon be denounced Until then, she must find every way tricked Tan Uyen Tran into taking out all of the Qin family's assets to save Tan Chinh Khoan Don't worry, just let me worry Seeing you smile like money falling from the sky Please call Tan Uyen Tran quickly Why is it? set loyalty card limits 50 thousand per month? This bit of money Not even enough for my mother to eat one meal Mom, rest assured I will make Tan Uyen Tran obediently give us the money right away Really? So I'll quickly go to Hai Thanh Bring this god of wealth back here That's right, there's another way Guaranteed to be able to do it have to release more money Look at this bad Dad's appearance It's true that weasels wishing the New Year of the Rooster don't have any good intentions Mom, I heard you were sick a while ago Because of you The research institute is so busy, I don't have time to visit my mother Here it is I bought ginseng and bird's nest For mom Let mom improve her health Who wants this dirty thing? These are all things he bought for the thirteenth zodiac animal He even brought it home from his father's house to give to his parents-in-law What a thick skin I heard you argued with your mother You have taught her Come home with me I guarantee that from now on she will never cause you any trouble again Oh, I remember now This two cunning mother and daughter Only pleased my mother twice One time he tricked my mother into marrying him far away The other time was when the Qin family was falsely accused Those two people seemed considerate and wanted to save the Qin family In fact, it's just a scam from my mother but can't do anything Mom absolutely must not trust that skunk He is the one who just watches fell into a fire pit I still want to ride a few more Do not hit snakes or grass Okay, I'll come back with you Don't Oh my, Uyen Tran Good daughter-in-law, you're finally home I miss you so much that I can't eat or sleep well I looked at my friendship card limit Talk about the focus Mom intends to take Dao Dao's name to hold a charity auction This is about accumulating virtue and doing good deeds How do you feel? Accumulating virtue and doing good deeds? I want my child to have an extra income Then by the way, I'll take this money too Let's blackmail together Mom, don't do that Ah, the charity auction That's an important detail Mom agrees quickly Mom still has very important work to do It's so unique Okay, let's leave this matter to mom in charge How will I celebrate my birthday this year? I want to be like every year At the end of the month there is a birthday party Recently, my mother is busy preparing for Dao Dao's charity auction Please find Dad to discuss Why does Tan Uyen Tran seem so much colder towards me? Oh well, let it go. It's the birthday that's important If Mom doesn't have time, Dad can organize it for you There's no need for Dad to worry too much Give me 5 million Hotel or something I set it myself 5 million? What do you need so much money for? Before, my mother gave me more than this Three! Dad is a bit strapped for money these days Go ask your grandmother Paternal grandmother Tan Uyen Tran is hateful I have a biological daughter is to throw me behind your head right away If you don't give it to me, I'll have my own way of taking it Charity party Big brother, second brother will definitely come Until then Just let me make that idiot Huo Junxi got into some scandal How could Tan Uyen Tran not obediently give me the money? Lady Hoac. I've heard about her for a long time and always supports charitable activities It's truly admirable The Hoac family is still strong and powerful Look at the layout of this auction hall How majestic it is The person I'm waiting for hasn't appeared yet? I'm dying of impatience This is the crown prince of the Kim family in the Imperial City Kim Than Hao This time I had the opportunity to meet him in the Imperial City He heard we were organizing Charity auction Especially come to support Hello Indeed, what he said was not wrong Kim Than Hao has really arrived And he still acts like himself, so arrogant Wait until you meet the King of Hell to see if you can still be arrogant Hello Mrs. Hoac I always hear Ky Minh mention her It is true that a hundred hearings are not as good as one seeing Is this our young protagonist today? Can I hold the baby? it's him In her previous life, to save the Qin family, her mother also organized a charity auction But Kim Than Hao was assassinated by an assassin arranged by his bad father After that, the Kim family placed all responsibility on the Qin family became the biggest leverage for Hoac Thua Quan to destroy the Qin family I just came back from Paris to support Dao Dao Let's get started No one pays attention to me, which is great Finally done This is the talisman I used all my spiritual energy to draw Not only can it eliminate disasters, but it can also block a fatal blow I just need to paste this talisman sneaked up on Kim Than Hao's shirt It's gone, my charm! Please sit down Our auction has officially begun This first auction item is a high-end sapphire necklace donated by Ms. Hoac Kieu Kieu Starting price is 5 million Even if it's just an adopted child But for my adoptive mother and sister, I'm so generous What a good girl 6 million I heard she's 18 now, so I have to let my son get used to it If I could marry such a good girl I definitely have to burn incense and worship Buddha What generosity? Isn't that all the jewelry my mother bought for me? You get what you pay for The last item is A talisman Why does it smell like milk? my amulet The amulet was drawn by my own hand Up for auction again This Mrs. Hoac really loves money Even a child's painting dares to be sold The Hoac family has lost face this time What a child's drawing That's my talisman Causing such a big problem See how Tan Uyen Tran solves this Do you see what you did? How do outsiders see our Hoac family? It's all because you gave birth to this daughter We've lost all the dignity of our Hoac family In my eyes, my daughter's things are all good things are all valuable Why can't it be put on the auction floor? If you don't fight, let me fight I must definitely back my Dao Dao Does she love Hoac Dao Dao that much? No, no way Her mind should only be on me Don't get angry because of these people who don't know how to look at goods This is The amulet I put all my spiritual energy into Originally intended to be reserved for Kim Than Hao These mortals There are bargains but don't know how to pick them up Angry, the deity is dead Save it for Than Hao Then I will auction it Then find an opportunity to give it back to him Year Ten million It turns out that this prince from Beijing's upper class is truly a scoundrel who doesn't know how to look at things Sir, this is just a talisman It's not just a piece of paper Are you sure you want to spend ten million? I offer this price Not just because I like this talisman but also because of admiration for family style Know how to respect the children of the Hoac family My father once said that only people who know how to love their children worthy of being called a successful person Our Hoac family's family style has always been the same I love my child the most The first ten million times Ten million times the second time Ten million times three Closing the order Okay, Kim Than Hao's death has come You bastard, take it away quickly! That Kim guy, go away and die Dream away I will definitely protect this person Who dares to practice pleasure here? Where is he? Catch him! I'm going too You guys just sit there That bad dad is gone Surely this person cannot be caught It was originally someone sent by him Because he wanted to make the Qin family disobey for all eternity He really can think of anything My spiritual energy has been completely exhausted Now comes a spark Can't pop it out anymore Huo Chengjun is truly cruel and cruel But he can know Kim Than Hao's schedule To arrange assassins in advance Surely it was all the person behind the scenes providing the information I don't know how your father's internal investigation of the Qin family is going? She truly gave birth to a little blessing Without Dao Dao's talisman I can't keep my life anymore Ms. Hoac, can you invite Ms. Dao Dao to draw a few more talismans? I'm willing to pay double No, three times Mrs. Huo, I pay five times more Tell everyone to say I drew graffiti I won't give it to anyone It's just child's play It's just a coincidence Mr. Kim's escape was all due to his own luck The auction has ended The dinner party is about to start. Please wait patiently, everyone Mom is so smart If your psychic abilities are exposed Make sure no outsiders observe A good sword must be hidden in a sheath Even the morality of hiding one's talents, Mom I also understand clearly If it weren't for being deceived by that bad father Mom's life will definitely be better than now The eldest brother took the Crown Prince to the airport Grandma also said she didn't feel well should come home early So where is Kieu Kieu? My stupid brother She is plotting to seduce you Let your body be ruined Well, my second brother's luck has come early but I don't have any spiritual energy left How can I help him? Brother, please bless yourself Second brother Today is so fun Please have a drink with me Come here, come here That girl who harmed people was carrying a glass of alcohol and drugs Brother, absolutely don't fall for that trick Come here, come with me to this place I have something to tell you What does Tuan Hy want to do? Hoac Jun Hy, this idiot actually dragged me to the dead corner of the surveillance camera This is so convenient for me Why is this place so dirty? Where? Looked wrong Drink up Let me see Did she put it in? medicine I think or not When you enter the room later, you must take a picture of Hoc Jun Hy playing tricks on me But isn't he your brother? Although they are not siblings but you two also Just need you to take a picture of him doing tricks. I'll take the photo and I'll leave right away I didn't really sleep with him Got these photos No matter how much I want to blackmail Tan Uyen Tran, I can't I already paid you 500 thousand Go inside This Hoac Kieu Kieu white-eyed wolf Since I like to harm people like that, I have to let you taste what it feels like to be harmed Damned Forgot that he can climb windows It's okay, he was poisoned You can't run far, give chase! Are you sure this medicine works? That's what I brought from abroad It's so hot Hey, me Sorry Do not! The second brother's misfortune has been resolved Second brother, you are really great younger sister worships him Did she do anything to you? Just now he was about to quit smoking then took pictures to blackmail her mother I forced him to drink the entire glass of wine Just jumped out the window and ran back here You guys did a great job When dealing with this type of person, you have to hit your back with a stick Doesn't he want to make his brother lose face? Mom should think of a way to make him lose face even more Dao Dao is right Mom raised it for many years Yet it keeps repaying Mom really has to punish him properly Please help me find her I'm afraid she's lost Mom, are you going to catch cheaters? I want to go see Take me with you, I want to go too Be good Dao Dao Look at those dirty things with styes Let me tell you a story, okay? Hateful brother Hate it so much Mom, listen to my explanation Hoac Kieu Kieu From a young age, my mother taught me to respect and love myself. Yet child Dare to secretly have an affair with such a prodigal man Don't spin anymore Not a child I don't have it To be It's him who hurt you Not Ms. Hoac. The hallway has surveillance cameras This story It was from beginning to end that she asked me has nothing to do with me I I left before not him is the second brother I drank the cup of wine my second brother gave me, so I lost all reason Surely the second brother harmed me The wine was given by her own hand Now she blames him That glass of wine quit smoking obviously intended to give it to Huo Junxi duplicate Why is my place so dirty? Huo Junxi He deliberately took me to a corner hidden from the camera and swapped wine glasses You are wrong I'm really wrong Mom is very disappointed in her child You are not worthy of being the daughter of the Hoac family Wild things will always be wild things Even being raised in a prestigious family cannot change his lowly nature You have no shame Go, go quickly Just one more look makes my eyes dirty What era is it? Kieu Kieu is also an adult Sleeping with a man is no big deal She said she wanted to kick her out of the Hoac family's house I don't agree The fact that he sleeps around is only secondary More hateful than that It also slandered Tuan Hy If Tuan Hy is an older brother, what should he do if he gives in to his sister a little? Kieu Kieu was raised by me How can you bear it? I can't bear it So what mom means is Did he cause such a loss of face without being punished at all? Then you're grounded and not allowed to go out Detention for one month It's been long enough No way In a few days it's my birthday Come to this country But still thinking about your birthday? Please apologize to your mother I'm sorry So just do as you wish Hoc Kieu Kieu is certainly not is easy to deal with Alright then Just keep going slowly Today is the day my grandfather was denounced and it's been sealed Moms must definitely prepare themselves mentally There is a dog that smells the scent and comes to steal money It's not a big deal I heard that my father was accused Stealing genetic This is the supreme secret of the Dragon Nation If the crime is established then my Dad's whole life There is only one country that sits in prison until old age It was he who was in prison until old age Then what? So we must quickly use relationships to save people At this time This is not the time to regret money My money including my mother's house rent must also be taken out I will help you too Tell the Qin family to transfer 50 million first Not convicted yet What are you in a hurry? Why can't you hurry? Tan Thi has been sealed My father was taken away by law enforcement Three more days The Medical Association will open a public hearing At that point, spending money is useless Evidence of crime was found at the Qin family's house Will be announced on the spot Then just announce it My father lived uprightly Dignity The tree is not afraid of dying I will see with my own eyes That's called evidence of a crime Even his biological father refuses to spend money to save him? She is truly an ungrateful woman Until then, don't cry At that point, who will be the one crying? don't know yet Thieves from the Qin family Traitor Throw it away This bad guy can't cheat money, so he's so embarrassed that he's angry These people are just accepting money, they can't do anything Since you like eating rotten vegetable leaves so much, you should just eat until you're full I really gave up Don't stuff anymore She also married out of the Qin family Why do you have to suffer like this? Follow me You'd best take the child away quickly You might faint later It's okay to faint The people sitting here today are all colleagues in the industry On-site emergency treatment is also possible You two If I remember correctly These are all companies that asked for cooperation with the Qin family a few years ago, right? Just then, how quickly did the hedge fall down? I thought after today Does Tan Thi still exist? Let you mosquitoes buzz around like that Block this trick Why does the hall have mosquitoes? Everyone is invited here today It is for public trial President of Giang Thanh Medical Association President of Tan Thi Pharmaceutical Group Tan Chinh Khoan Someone reported it to the Medical Association Tan Chinh Khoan abused power for personal gain Steal Long Quoc's genetic What is in this? I don't know this box what's in the box As for stealing documents Tan Chinh Khoan me All my life I have always lived righteously has never done any shady theft But this box was found again at your house If he said he didn't know So let's see for ourselves What is this? Receipt Could it be that he sold secret documents to country A? Stop Not Mr. Tan's receipt It belongs to Ms. Tan Uyen Tran This is the donation receipt of the charity association sent to Ms. Tan Uyen Tran My father taught me to be human since I was young must know how to contribute to society My father single-handedly founded the leading medical group Long Quoc Even though I didn't study medicine But I want to use my own way to contribute to everyone These receipts All are the accumulated results of my charity work over many years So why these things? buried in the Qin family? Where goodness meets goodness I think your blessing It's all up to my parents Ms. Tan, you are truly magnanimous do not disgrace the family name Merit points add five hundred thousand Mom used this way of turning the situation around so wonderfully Not only did he help his grandfather clear his name of crime but also took this opportunity to enhance its reputation in a spectacular way This story spread out Qin Group's shares will definitely hit the ceiling That's right, Dao Dao's mother I heard that not only was Ba not prosecuted Qin Group's shares also increased sharply What's wrong? My father encountered bad things and turned good Are you not happy? It's fun I'm sure you're happy I heard that thanks to that, Ba has received a lot of good cooperation I'll discuss it with Dad Give me a few Don't you see that Ba is getting older and his health is not as good as before? husband These past few days I've thought something through I always force you to accept the help of the Qin family Don't forget He is a man So I decided I will refuse any help So that her husband can develop his strength I trust my husband Mom, try this shrimp dish It's delicious I have a seafood allergy I'm sorry mom I don't know I told you that in the past I relied on being pampered Every day makes it difficult for my mother Now the wind has changed direction Haven't you had a sore throat lately? Mom cooked me some snow pear sweet soup Please drink a little I'm trying to lose weight, why do you still add sugar? Mom, I'm sorry Mom only gave me a little rock sugar I'm so sorry, I won't eat anymore Why can't I take care of the child? Don't eat anymore Make me another bowl without sugar Bring it to Kieu Kieu yourself She hasn't seen her for a month now Meeting her was difficult Want to show filial piety she does so many things For what? This evil old woman I remember she also had a seafood allergy Like to eat that Just feed her She misses her child very much I miss it so much that I can't sleep Why aren't you ready yet? Pick up a few more pieces of shrimp for her Grandma She tasted it Previous story I told you to help Kieu Kieu Look at some nice families Have you seen it yet? Mom, don't mention it again Last charity auction The entire upper class of Giang Thanh was invited by my mother Everyone knows about the stupid things that Kieu Kieu did It's become a joke I don't have the face to go out and meet anyone anymore If you want to get married Then she just goes and does it herself Look at your mother Mom doesn't even respect her It gave birth to three children One is a good doctor one is an artist One was noticed by the Of course you have to be arrogant As for me, I shouldn't be close Not only can it not come out of its belly but also hurt yourself So just Her child also encountered the problem that she won't target me anymore What era is it, why are there still people using anesthetics? Mom wake up, mom wake up! Someone wants to harm mom It's not okay Why does Hoac Kieu Kieu have this? Who is she anyway? Isn't that right? This woman is not determined Throw me there? No need to glare at me I know you are not an ordinary child But that guy gave me this talisman Even if you are a fairy who has come down to earth, you are still just a normal newborn baby That guy Is it possible that the person behind the scenes is also known to Hoac Kieu Kieu? Don't blame me If you want to blame, blame the kid who was reincarnated in the wrong place insist on blocking my way Why is my chest so tight? Dao Dao! Lady, what's the matter? Lady Dao Dao is missing! Quickly! Quickly call someone to look for you! Hoac Kieu Kieu! Give me back my child! I just wanted to take my sister out to play For a long time I thought I had done nothing wrong to her Yet you want to harm my daughter Do you think that if Dao Dao is no longer there, I will consider you as my own child? Mom! I don't have it! Give it away Use family methods to handle it Mom, do you want to kick me out of the Hoac family? I'm not going anywhere! I don't want to be locked in The villa has nothing Who dares to touch my Kieu Kieu? Paternal grandmother! Late at night to torture her like that? Also slandered Kieu Kieu for harming her sister Why are you so cruel? Disgusting old lady, do you have any reason? It just wants to harm the child No matter what I say You won't believe it either Tomorrow I will extract the camera Today I had to give it away anyway Take it away? Are you planning on pushing me down? I gave Hoac Kieu Kieu to a suburban villa to live in Do you have any opinion? No comments No comments at all It's up to you, it's all up to you So if Huo Chengjun asked What would you say? I told her to go I said do that Don't push anymore, please don't push anymore Take the baby home to rest Luckily my mother arrived in time Is Huo Qiaoqiao only targeting you? What about the eldest brother and the second brother? Are they okay? Ky Minh is on night duty at the hospital today not here I have to go see how Tuan Hy is doing Tuan Hy! Lieu Mong Second brother is in danger This Lieu Mong It was the person who cheated his second brother of money and love. In the end, he even tricked him into going abroad You cruel woman Go and check for me the location of the second young master Bring someone back here for me I thought carefully I absolutely will not let your mother continue to exploit you anymore I want to marry you A family like the Hoac family How can you value someone like me? But you saved my life once Your mother is the most understanding person. Just rest assured Which house is this dude? Lend these guys some money to spend Get out now If you don't drink the wine but want to drink the wine as punishment? What are you guys doing? I'll report it to the police you stand up I took you to the hospital I'm afraid there's no time anymore My mother told me that My brother still owes two hundred thousand when he bought the house She has already received the bride price from people that they will marry me off Then don't go home anymore I'll take you back to the Hoac family Just like that, without name or space, I followed him home Then what are you to me? Tuan Hy three more days Please come home and save me I will talk clearly with my parents. Shall we continue? In three days, I will definitely come to your house to propose It's already this late Why aren't you sleeping yet? Kneel down! Lately Are you hanging out with the kind of woman who is worthless on the outside? Mom, you know everything? Lieu Mong is not what you think She works at a karaoke bar That is also a matter of reluctance I'm not talking about that Did you know? is the woman cheated him completely take you abroad and rip out your heart and liver Why don't you use your brain? Dao Dao said that These days Just obediently stay here for me Don't go see that woman Why can Lieu Mong She obviously saved my life once But what Dao Dao said never wrong I can't mess with her anymore Tieu Liu He took a few people with me to Lieu Gia village Second young master The lady has already spoken Why do you still dare to go? I did this to redeem Lieu Mong from her family's hands She once saved my life. I can't just look at her was sold by his biological mother Tan Uyen Tran, the type That cruel woman instigated the Qin family causing the Qin family to cut off my research funding Now all the projects of research institutes are all struggling Just keep going like this The day I die is not far away It's not because of before He relied on the fact that Tan Uyen Tran used to give money every time he asked for it So he embezzled public funds to indulge in debauchery Raising a mistress Are you gloating? We both want to overthrow the Qin family They are grasshoppers tied together on a string he threatened me Don't be in a hurry either There is a way to live ahead Just see if you want to go or not What road? Huo Qiming went to Imperial City for surgery I also got to know the Kim family in Kinh Do Received from Director Tu Help the Kim family research medicine to treat genetic diseases Kim family is the richest family in the Imperial Capital Their status is much higher than that of the Qin family If you can steal research documents by Huo Qiming Take this project as your own Won't we get great help from the Kim family? But that brat Huo Qiming is no longer on the same path as me. Don't you still have a son? Do you mean Tuan Hy? That boy is on the same side as his brother Why does it help me? You don't need to worry about that You just need to prepare well to take over the project My hidden chess piece Hoc Tuan Hy has been approached Just need to catch Hoac Jun Hy Are you still afraid that you won't be able to get the documents? Very true Let go of me! Let go of me! I won't take it, I won't take it! If today wasn't a day of great joy, I would have dealt with you Listen Getting married is to enjoy happiness That's cruel Isn't this selling girls? Everyone knows that the eldest brother is lazy and lazy If you don't have money for the bride price, where will you get the money to buy a house for him? Let her go Where did that brat come from? Why are you meddling in my family's affairs? Get out of our way! Want money, right? There's 400 thousand here, enough to buy your lives Lieu Mong, I'll take it here I bought you a plane ticket abroad Once you've gone abroad, don't come back again To avoid her parents continuing to bother her Didn't you say you wanted to marry me? I don't care who sent you I also don't want to investigate anymore I came here today Just to give back thank you for saving her life From now on, we don't owe anyone anything anymore Drive my route Otherwise I will strangle him Lieu Mong! You shouldn't come here Our lady The bigger, the cuter Look at this little face, white and plump, who wouldn't love it? Our Dao Dao here knows the beauty of the future Dao Dao will later become a great beauty a great beauty just like her mother It's not over, lady! The second young master is missing! What did you say? Second brother, second brother! It's true that a blessing is not a curse but disaster is inevitable Let me calculate where you are The second brother is currently with us with the person behind pulling the strings The eight characters of the person standing behind that is pure sound My spiritual energy has been blocked by him Aunt Luu, please keep an eye on Dao Dao Tuan Hy has a tracking device attached to his body I'll take you two over there to see what happens It turns out my mother was already worried Mom is so good The baby admires his mother very much Good job Here is the plane ticket and new identification documents I promised you Will give you a new life What are you going to do to him? Moved to country A It's best to use medication to control it If you can't control it, take its organs You said you wouldn't kill him Are you moved? She approached him just to take advantage of him Do you think after he knew the truth he would still marry you? Go away If you really can't bear it, I'll allow you to say goodbye to him Scamper! Have you lost your mind? Shut up Idiot, run away! You idiots Don't chase after me yet! My life is over I'll stop them later He took the opportunity and ran away immediately I am a man In terms of fighting Not sure if she's better than me Stop them for me! Who told you to approach my son? I have never seen his face before. I heard that he is from country A A few years ago he came to me and asked me to work for him But now Mong Mong has reformed I like Mong Mong I want to marry her Take it to rest Isn't this the stick your mother used to beat you when you were little? Why did you keep this until now? Didn't your mother retire to the world a long time ago? Today my mother will return to the world! Forget the crime of not listening! Mom, don't hit, don't hit! Mom plays very well I failed again This time the chemical incident of Tan Thi Group I was also there Your husband wanted to save me so I can't get out She is assured Kid will follow me home We will train him to be talented It's him! It was he who killed my Dad! Thank you, uncle destroy the Qin family to avenge my father Why did you come here? I heard you hid it from your father Open your own research institute You should take the opportunity to stop by and check it out If you need any help Don't be shy with him Boy Do you still think of me as the old kid running around asking for pocket money? I'm grown up No matter what, to me, you're still just a child Let me go make you a cup of tea It's still the type of Lao Quan Mi that you like the most Ky Minh, don't blame me Book me a plane ticket to Imperial City Mother's daughter I miss you and want to die Isn't mom at the Hoac family's house? That cruel woman Tan Uyen Tran She sent me out to live in the suburbs I even sent someone to monitor you Mom, quickly find Dad and come out here Let me get justice for you Lately, my dad keeps making excuses that he's busy with work It's been a long time since he's been here What do you mean? Don't you need your mother and me anymore? We cannot sit and wait to die I have a way Decide to live comfortably with it Hi everybody I am the adopted daughter of the owner of the Hoac family always mistreated me She didn't let me eat Beat me, scold me It was very difficult for me to find my biological mother She didn't even let me and my mother recognize each other Lock me up in a suburban villa Oh my God My daughter has suffered so much And I can't even share it with her The lady told the girls to come in What do you want to do? I told her I'm livestreaming If you dare to move your hands or feet, you will be ruined those lies of yours Fooling yourself is enough She still expected those lies Hide the truth forever? The matter has gotten to this point, so it's best for each side to give up a step Let Kieu Kieu and Quynh Le come back here to live Anyway The Hoac family does not lack these two mouths to feed But you also have to know who his father is You can't raise a child whose father you don't even know is the boyfriend I met when I was young and naive Having come to this point, I still have all the symptoms Mom, don't be angry The dying day of Van Quynh Le coming soon Mom must let them return Let me see the scene biting each other! Dog bites dog It's truly worth watching So let them go back Why are you back? Didn't you say that the research institute has been busy lately so you can't go back to sleep? Something big happened at home You should definitely go back and see I didn't expect you to be so generous Yet it left Quynh Le and Kieu Kieu Everyone can come back here After all, Kieu Kieu was raised by me Quynh Le is the child's biological mother Then just let her come back Be our housekeeper Kieu Kieu just returned today Go stay by her side Mom, don't be angry. Soon Van Quynh Le will offer to organize a make-up birthday party for Hoac Kieu Kieu. She intended to take advantage of the birthday party to kill the old lady of the Huo family and blame it on me At that time, mother will definitely counterattack promptly I'm just waiting to see the Hoac family tearing each other apart Where is Tuan Hy? It travels with my girlfriend When your children are grown up, you should also consider that Luckily, this Lieu Mong is Tan Chieu's person never met her Tan Chieu is truly useless, not even a woman can handle it You still have to let me do it myself This is her favorite seafood porridge I specially cooked for her Are you okay? It's just because I was careless Mister Don't blame the lady Did you hear that? It was because she was careless Quynh Le is a kind-hearted person That's why I wanted to help you If you don't like the two of us Or let's go It's up to you Don't be sad Sooner or later, my mother will force Thua Quan to leave him Let me go get some burn medicine for you This time I came back and wanted to discuss something with everyone Kieu Kieu is almost 20 years old You should also take a look at some nice houses Then tell Tan Uyen Tran to take care of it After all, she is the child's adoptive mother Grandma, there's no way I'll let Tan Uyen Tran take care of this for me She certainly won't mind I want Dad to take care of me Dad will choose for you Thank you, Dad Want to find Hoac Kieu Kieu a good marriage? You guys are dreaming Why are there all these strange faces? And where are the wealthy families who often visit the Hoac family? Why don't you invite anyone? Do you still dare to open your mouth to ask? The story of Kieu Kieu having an affair before made the whole Giang Thanh know Although these two people do not belong to the upper class but also considered a well-off family Most importantly They don't know Kieu Kieu's story Let's just take this opportunity Two people Our family Kieu Kieu has always been raised as a noble lady It's not easy to meet strangers Here are some photos, please take a look first Director Hoac Is this the person you call Miss Khue? Story Who did this? We heard that your daughter was abused as a child So I felt sympathy so I came to see him once Look at it like this It was well deserved that she was beaten The lady flirts with these types of things We dare not accept it I would like to take my leave Don't go Let me call Kieu Kieu out Let you guys take a look What to do now? It was definitely her doing Did you do this? Are you still pretending to be stupid? Why do you keep insisting that I do it? Then you just go ahead and show the evidence What if Kieu Kieu was not satisfied with the person he found so he deliberately staged a good drama? This really resembles its style You just wait You idiot Recently, Kieu Kieu has had to endure a lot of resentment If this continues, sooner or later this child will get sick So what do you want? Quynh Le has a plan This year's birthday is Kieu Kieu Isn't it organized yet? Let's throw a birthday party for her At that time, invite more people to come Make the atmosphere more exciting In the end, she couldn't bear it anymore and took action? Tan Uyen Tran is truly a person with a good temperament Yet I still want to celebrate a birthday for an ungrateful person like Hoc Kieu Kieu But what else? There are a few people today who are sincere come to congratulate It's not all about respecting the Huo family Just come and watch the joke by the way Based on what, wherever she goes, people respect her so much? Wait a moment when she is guilty of attempting to murder her mother-in-law Let's see if she can still laugh Why don't you come over? Tell Kieu Kieu a few words? Kieu Kieu was treated like that, but don't you feel sorry for her? Van Quynh Le is still there I am an adoptive mother Why would you suddenly come out and steal the glory of your biological mother? Why feel sorry for that kind of ungrateful person? It's better to feel sorry for her Harsh old woman Her end is near Dear everyone Today is Kieu Kieu's birthday party I want to invite the old lady to speak Also let Kieu Kieu enjoy some of the old lady's good fortune and longevity Is it me? Old lady, don't refuse anymore There's no one here Is she more blessed than you? This girl Quynh Le It's truly pleasing to the eye wherever you look People like this Is she worthy to be my daughter-in-law? Old lady, I'm sorry Because of me and Kieu Kieu All she has to do is die Wait Today she just received Kieu Kieu back The first person to speak should be you, right? Everyone, let's give a round of applause Invite Ms. Van Quynh Le up on stage to speak, is that okay? But I've already let people work on this lamp There's only one minute left before that lamp will fall on the announcer My status is low. Please don't make things difficult for me anymore How could that be? I believe it is She's not the type of person to disparage her mother's status Is that right? You go, go So me Wishing Kieu Kieu Happy birthday Countdown to the falling chandelier Are you injured? Old lady Why does the chandelier suddenly fall down for no reason? It's her It was she who forced me to go on stage to congratulate Is it? What did Quynh Le do wrong? Do you want to harm her? Mom, it's all because of me I don't dare disobey my mother anymore Please forgive my If it weren't for Van Quynh Le to help her mother That lamp fell on the mother! Stupid! Do you still want to blame Quynh Le? Our Hoac family does not tolerate cruel women like you Throw it back to my mother's house! Why don't you listen to me? Bring people up here It's housekeeper Van She told me to cut the chandelier's cord She also told me to delete the surveillance camera in the living room I was afraid she would betray me, so I made a copy If you don't believe it, go see it again This matter has absolutely nothing to do with me Are not How could Quynh Le adopt Hoac Kieu Kieu? Let Van Quynh Le treat the Hoac family A greed for appropriation arises Forcing me to call them back To Van Quynh Le sat in the position of the wife of the Hoac family conveniently Little by little she herself did Raise this man-eating tiger Old lady, I was wrong I know I'm wrong It's a waste of time for me to treat you so well Throw it out to me Even the Hoac Kieu Kieu Get them all out Bad Dad never comes home The old monster immediately went to the hospital Van Quynh Le and Hoac Kieu Kieu were kicked out of the house Mom and I can finally breathe a sigh of relief Dao Dao is truly my mother's blessing This is Kim Than Hao's phone Recently, Ky Minh has been helping our Kim family research special drugs to treat genetic diseases Just a few days ago, the clinical trial was successful I was going to talk to her today Unexpectedly, it was outside the study room I heard someone brought medicine to the Imperial Capital She must be with Ky Minh Come here quickly Take advantage of being one step ahead of that person The documents in my office have been destroyed That person definitely wants to appropriate that medicine as their own To intimidate the Kim family from dealing with us So you two, let's go now I went to the airport to pick everyone up right here The person behind the scenes pulling the strings can't sit still anymore sister-in-law suddenly betrayed She can't control her brother So I had to go get the medicine myself There are not many people who can come into my office Who did this anyway? Come back and check later We must go to the Imperial Capital immediately Bring your computer On the go Try Restore a copy of the application This version is not as detailed as the original but it was also made clear I only knew you were a surgical expert, but I didn't expect you to have this kind of skill It's been raining for a long time I myself always have a collaborating research institute Not good, there's an ambush! Luckily, I've been used to being kidnapped since I was young, so I prepared early careful! Don't be afraid Dao Dao has amulets Ky Minh, try your best Don't try to hinder me Do you think that if a tire explodes, we have no choice? Let me see, burning spiritual energy is much faster than burning oil I'll call an ambulance right now Mr. Kim I don't remember ever offending him Oh hey Why is this person? Surely Mrs. Hoac has heard it too Our Kim family Although it has been prosperous for a long time in the Imperial Capital But always plagued by infectious disease I have indeed heard it No male of the Kim family lives past forty My end is near but Than Hao it's still young I don't want to see it die prematurely in its prime Someone gave me special medicine But there is a price to pay I have to replace him Eliminate you and your daughter This is the curse That old man is so blind I'm the only one who can save you guys You She is my mother! You foolish mortals Your family does not inherently have any genetic disease It's because the ancestors' killing karma was too heavy Leading to cruel retribution on descendants Thien Cang blesses you. Curse the evil and end the harshness Break Homeowner Catch them Invite Mrs. Hoac inside to talk I didn't expect that Hoac Thai Thai has such strange abilities Please ask Mrs. Hoac Can this curse be lifted? Luckily, it was before Dao Dao went to sleep told me how to break the curse The curse has been largely lifted From now on, you just need to work hard to do good deeds and accumulate good deeds will definitely bring blessings to descendants Have you met Mrs. Hoac? Have you seen the agreement yet? we saw it Very good indeed Kim and his son would like to thank you for saving your life After that, no matter what you request Our Kim family will definitely go all out Absolutely no refusal Cooperate with Ms. Hoac is what I want the most Hey, Mrs. Hoac Ky Minh has been taken to the hospital The doctor said you need to rest and not move Or Please stay at our house for a few days By the way I also have a few things I need your help with The person in here is my wife Tham Truc Tam Is the relationship between you and your wife not good? She unilaterally broke up with me Listen to my explanation first Kim Than Hao. I have nothing left to hear him explain Let's get divorced Truc Tam The doctor said she would never have children again After knowing what happened, Truc Tam locked herself in there I still don't agree to divorce And Truc Tam never opened the door for me again I know Dao Dao is not a normal child I think she can help me and Truc Tam please help me Help I like to listen to trivia stories the most Oh no Most suitable for young couples It's you If not, come to sign the divorce papers Then please come back I just met a very adorable baby I brought her here for you to see. Don't you like children the most? what a beauty! Beautiful sister, carry me Look at this, how cute is this? It should have been I also had such a lovely child If it wasn't for you That day he was really drunk That woman and child, he also took away long ago All these years he has never seen them again Even if they took my life, they couldn't get my child back I have read Kim Than Hao's destiny He originally had no children Where did this child come from? Was there any misunderstanding that year? Ah, figured it out This unjust couple is truly unlucky Kim Than Hao never slept with anyone else That year, even though Kim Than Hao was drunk, he kept calling Truc Tam's name That woman had no other choice Just for having a baby with another man Then he went to Kim Than Hao to enter his household registration She thought that she could gain favor with her child and get into the Kim family. Who would have thought it would be a wild success It turns out that's it Than Hao Don't be discouraged Tomorrow I will take Truc Tam to relax Maybe if you can remove the knot in your heart, it will be okay It's all because of you been haunted by you already destroyed She's really brave How dare you treat the Kim family's descendants like that How do you know her identity? I serve the homeowner Bring this child back to claim his ancestors The homeowner has an order Keep the child, leave the mother Daughter! Please help me pray Are you planning to leave me behind to enjoy happiness? I'm dreaming! She is basically not Kim Than Hao's child I was born with someone else I also spent money to fake that A D N test result She said nonsense She and Kim Than Hao go to bed with him That day he was so drunk he didn't know anything The mouth keeps babbling What Tam and Truc sausage? I spent so much effort but didn't get anything done Why is Dao Dao so cute? Soft like a small sticky rice cake Do you want to stay at the Kim family's house? Please pick something for me Pick the moon too This warm boy from the Kim family Destiny without children Yet he is a maniac about children What a cruel fate Than Hao, congratulations Already satisfied he is young I can't Who says you can't have children? Considering the two of them, their lives are so arduous I give you two a pair of twins If you don't try a little, how will you know? She's right, Truc Tam Let's try it now Sorry, Mrs. Hoac That drug thief From beginning to end, he did not show his face The Kim family could not find out who he really was No need. I also guessed who he was Than Hao, please help me with something Let's spread the news in Giang Thanh said that the Qin family had offended the Kim family in the capital I'm about to be assassinated by the whole industry She means Correct I want it in person Find out who is behind this story Uyen Tran, have you heard the news? The Kim family has already issued an order to kill the Qin family It was because I heard that news that I rushed back here just now Mom and Dad, have you two figured out how to deal with it yet? The Kim family is extremely powerful. This Dragon Nation has no more room for us I advised my parents to migrate to country A But the two elders still refused Country A I know that country A is opposite to Long Quoc always keep an eye out Jonathan, the head pharmaceutical company invested in by country A looked for me a few times wants us to cooperate with country A Tan Chinh Khoan, even if I die must also die on the land of Long Quoc A Chieu also wants the best for us Be less angry, don't be hot anymore Dad, mom Aren't you also helpless? Dad and Mom absolutely won't Leave your homeland A Chieu, please go I am not from the Qin family As long as you are willing to leave the Qin family The Kim family will not destroy me Not a child of the Qin family? Dad, what are you talking about? He is my eldest brother! He is the son of my former subordinate That year his father He sacrificed himself to save me I took him back to the Qin family considered as a biological child At that time I was young So don't remember this Mom calculated very well Only in tribulation can we see sincerity This great disaster It will definitely make the person behind it Can't sit still But he revealed himself so that the rooster would fall to the ground How many years have you been in the Qin family? Already considered the two of them as biological parents I will absolutely not leave the Qin family If we die, we die together You are so stupid, my child Get up Your mother and I won't go anywhere The children are in their prime We cannot just watch children are involved you go Bring Uyen Tran and Dao Dao along is not trustworthy It's best that Ky Minh and Tuan Hy should also go along But you must remember carefully No matter where you go, you will always be from Long Quoc I heard that the Qin family is about to face a major disaster Now she's back here Do you want to beg our Huo family to protect you? Mom, what you said is not right Are you not a member of the Hoac family? people often say Husband and wife are like birds in the same forest When there is an accident, everyone has their own place The small temple of our Hoac family I really can't accommodate a great Buddha like you We It's best to get a divorce soon Bad Dad finally stopped acting revealed his true face not yet collapsed The rooster dumps the leo like that, isn't he afraid that people will laugh at him? So many years now I was even laughed at a little bit Who doesn't laugh when you go out and I'll marry you It's like being a son-in-law of the Qin family If it weren't for targeting her and her Dad's money and resources Do you think I want to be with an ugly woman like you? It's all the Qin family that you owe me It's you who are at fault with me Today this paper She also has to sign Even if you don't sign, you have to sign I sign But Dao Dao, Tuan Hy and Ky Minh I have to take it all away Kind of people like you Basically unworthy to be the father of my children Let it go My son is young Tomorrow the day after tomorrow It will still give me my first grandchild The child you want to take away is fine But the dowry must be left behind Hateful old woman. Do you still know what integrity is? Are you greedy even for my mother's dowry? The child and the dowry, she could only choose one The dowry belongs to her Huo Chengjun, from now on Grace cuts off meaning Okay, you go People who leave empty-handed don't need to pack up anything anymore Everything from the Hoac family do with her anymore Go quickly Lady! Lady, wait for me! The Huo family is truly worthless I heard that she was kicked out, so I quit my job Don't be too sad Let me take you It's okay, I'm not sad After more than twenty years of living in an unhappy marriage, I am finally back to being myself Freedom and freedom We don't need to go back to the Qin family tonight Big Brother will come pick us up tonight Why is it just you and Dao Dao? Where are Ky Minh and Tuan Hy? Ky Minh went on a business trip Some time will come to find us Tuan Hy went on a trip with his girlfriend Haven't returned yet No problem That's enough way to the airport Get off the bus Dad, I've finally been waiting for this opportunity Soon I can avenge my father Let me go Sir, what are you talking about? Do you know? What sacrifices have I had to make over the years to push the Qin family into a corner? To avenge my father over the years I can only be patient son of the Qin family To take revenge I am still committed to being a lackey for country A To wait for today I had to wait so painfully His father's death was not caused by the Qin family If it wasn't for saving my father Then why did my father die? Tan Chieu, listen carefully His father basically never sacrificed himself to save people It was because that year he was so impatient to achieve success that he caused a chemical leak that killed himself My father because of his former subordinate because of that reputation That's why we say he How do you know? My father told me Because he wanted to keep you in the mood, he didn't dare tell you Big brother, there's still time to turn around now Don't think she said that that I will forgive you There are conditions for the state to help me They want the Dragon Nation's most top secret genetic engineering documents This document is always in the hands of Tan Chinh Khoan I originally intended to take him to country A forced him to let go But who would have thought? he refused Then let's see if your biological daughter can get him to hand over the documents Catch it! Don't worry, just dream! Tan Chinh Khoan! A Chieu! Aren't you staying at the Qin family? Blockade order of the Kim family is that what you mean? Only this way can force the hidden fish to bite the bait Did you have? Suspected subject? I doubt you who can enter Ky Minh's office Only the eldest brother can gain the trust of everyone to facilitate his actions After Dad talked about his background earlier I'm even more suspicious Dad asked if it was because he wants revenge for his father so new If it is true, then it would be a waste of my efforts to nurture it for so long In the past, his father was anxious to achieve success leading to drug leakage Dad wanted to keep his reputation sacrificed himself to save dad Unexpectedly, this child A Chieu Whether it is or not, just try it and you'll know right away Also taking this opportunity, I will break with the Huo family Over the past few years, Huo Chengjun wanted to get help from the Qin family So I still refuse to divorce This time he will definitely not be patient anymore You people. It turns out you guys have been doubting me for a long time I always consider you as my own child I have no way back for a long time now three Miss, we searched all over Hai Thanh but still couldn't find any trace of Tan Chieu It's all because Tan Chieu's eight characters are pure sounds. Even I can't figure out his whereabouts I really hate it Uyen Tran, you have to help me What did you come here for? When my mother checked the books, I found out Over the years, her dowry has completely compensated their family Mom was so angry that she fainted immediately She had to go to the I C U room I don't have a penny left in me. All I can do is beg you to save my life One day of marriage, one hundred days of grace help you, right? Don't forget we're divorced Grace cuts off meaning. Why should I help you? I've heard about your father's story Currently, only her and her mother remain in the Qin family Two women simply cannot shoulder the burden of the family business I am willing to remarry her I will replace you as manager of the Qin family Huo Chengjun. I have been married to him for more than twenty years she could be so brazen I tell you Don't even step foot inside the Qin family's door Sending guests off You must help me What face do you have left to come to me? I have helped you so much finally received this result What's the hurry? Just this time you help me Obtained confidential documents from the Qin family Making the Qin family guilty of colluding with the enemy to treason Qin family will still be in your pocket Easy to say, how to get it? Use this to get it Mr. Jonathan My father seemed to have said that the Qin family did not welcome him Miss Tan Mr. Tan has passed away God bless him She is currently the head of the Qin family I have a special gift Give it to her Hope you accept it Conditions for release Just need you to hand over Long Quoc's genetic engineering documents I guarantee the two children will be safe and sound what you're planning Possesses the genes of Long Quoc people is to be able to research a specialized virus to deal with the Long Nation people You are really pushing me into disloyalty and dishonesty A traitor to the Dragon Nation And an irresponsible mother Choose for yourself Documents here Okay, three days later Warehouse outside the city We'll meet there, Ms. Tan Tan Uyen Tran agreed to sign the documents The fish is already hooked Until then, please spread the word Tan Uyen Tran revealed the secret to spark everyone's anger I will ask the Kim family to add fuel to the fire will definitely die By then, the property Isn't it all yours? Brother Qin, don't you want to share some of the benefits? You can rest assured I just need everyone in the Qin family to die This brat is so cruel Your mother has just been diagnosed with end-stage stomach cancer It's been a long time since Dad sent money home Mom doesn't even have money for treatment anymore Dad, I beg you I beg Dad to save Mom Comet stuff Who gave you permission to come find me? Fuck off! Doesn't Dad love you and Mom the most? I beg you, Dad, please save my mother Mom is really about to die If you die, just die Waiting for me to get rich again There's no shortage of women around Get the hell out of here! No, I hit you Mom, what's wrong? Mom, don't scare me Mom can't live anymore I remember this well Table Under the dining table there is a bank card Leave Giang Thanh and live well My mother died and closed her eyes We use this money for surgery Don't waste any more money Mom can't recover anymore People must live well I won't forgive him That's right, real products at real prices Let people go Don't rush Ms. Tan, we are from country A which always respects talent You Qin family there are a lot of talented people If Ms. Tan willing to work for our country A then these two children can safely return with you Yet he went back on his word How can you call it breaking your word? I said I can safely return with you But I didn't say it Is it a living person or a corpse? Ms. Tan, you agree or disagree My answer is refuse It's me Ms. Tan, you are truly like a god This Jonathan really let his guard down We got in here so easily Haven't you Kim family already submitted to Tan Chieu? Is he worthy? You're just a hunting dog from country A Jonathan We have investigated your plot to come to our country to study viruses targeting specific targets Next, you will be escorted to the Department of Law Enforcement you are very good But I told Huo Chengjun spread the news about the transaction between you and me today I'm afraid it's your Qin family It must have been lost by now Ta Chieu Hoa As long as you sign this agreement transfer all The Qin family's assets were transferred to my name I will raise it high and hit softly Save some dignity for the Qin family She just brought it on herself Dear reporters video about the transaction between Tan Uyen Tran and Jonathan will soon be sent to your phone At that time, you will know What dirty things did the Qin family do? She is the water seller You guys should quickly show her face. Let her be ruined Go Go there and see Ms. Tan. Are what Director Hoac said true? We have seen the video already Please let me know what else you have want to explain? This is my explanation You are just a lackey of country A Jonathan .We have investigated your plot to come to our country for research Viruses that target specific targets Next, he will be handed over to law enforcement agencies You are very good spreading news about the transaction between me and you out I'm your Qin family It's already a long time to fall, isn't it? It turned out to be just a rumor. No wonder Hoac Thua Quan was so eager for Mrs. Tan to sign the agreement She almost made us Missed a good person Mr. Hoac, why did you do that? Mr. Hoac, don't run! Mr. Hoac! Tan Uyen Tran, do you think you won? Even if I have to die I must drag you to the grave with me! I must also drag you to the grave with me! I have cast a spell on it This amount of explosives Even if your child has supernatural powers It won't survive either Not good What he said was true Who is it? Isn't he already dead? I saved your life again Dad pretended to be dead It's so that you can't keep calm and find your own way to death Tan Chieu, the people of the Law Enforcement Department will soon take you away Please admit your guilt and surrender Admit your guilt I do not believe You have successfully changed Tan Uyen Tran's destiny help her life end happily Currently summarizing merit points for you The current merit point is 99,999,999 What? Why is there still a little missing? That's right, where is bad Dad? Mom, quickly take me to find that bad Dad These hateful reporters almost ate me alive The skin and hair grow, and the buds sprout There is still water left You just wait for me Who is there? Die! Oh my god! assassin Hoac Kieu Kieu has really lost her mind Tan Uyen Tran, you should die too! Thunder God's Wrath Electricity flashed Heavenly thunder descends Merit: One hundred million Huyen Dao, your merit is complete can ascend to godhood Do you want to fly now? Once you become a god, you have to worry about human affairs every day Busy to death I want to live this entire life of Hoac Dao Dao then return Consider it a vacation Why is there snow this month? That's because there are people who have gone through countless hardships and endured so much bitterness Today, I finally received mercy from heaven to resolve my injustice Please invite the bride to join the party Please invite the bride and groom to exchange rings I agree He agreed Grandparents I'm married Even married earlier than his brother This kid Don't force me to slap you on your big day Okay, stop joking Let's eat first Let's eat, just eat Dao Dao also wants to eat, Dao Dao also wants to eat Dao Dao is teething Want to eat stewed pork trotters

  Top Comments:
  1. @SinhVũ-c5f: Thằng chồng khốn nạn thật,kẻ ác rốt cuộc cũng bị trừng trị

- The 3 Day Window That Could Trigger Nuclear War   Analysis by Defense Expert 1080p caption: Kind: captions Language: en What you are about to hear represents the most dangerous 72 hours in modern military history. And almost no one outside classified briefing rooms understands what is actually happening right now. In the next three days, a sequence of events will unfold that could either end in the first use of nuclear weapons since 1945 or establish a new global order where American military dominance becomes a historical footnote rather than present reality. An intelligence assessment reached Washington 36 hours ago that changes everything we thought we understood about Middle Eastern power dynamics and nuclear proliferation. What mainstream analysts are calling a routine satellite deployment is actually the final phase of a weapons integration program that has been 27 months in development. And once this 72-hour window closes, the strategic equation transforms in a way that has no precedent and no comfortable answer. Tonight, I am going to take you inside every dimension of this crisis. How did this capability develop without triggering western interdiction? What does a 3-day decision window mean when every option leads to catastrophic outcomes? And what does the inevitable choice reveal about the terminal stage of American global hegemony? The three questions will drive everything that follows. By the end of this analysis, you will understand why we are witnessing either the prevention of nuclear war or the guarantee of it. I section one the technical reality 780 words here is what you need to understand about the actual capability we are discussing because the technical specification determine everything about the strategic choices available in the next 72 hours. Iran has completed integration of North Korean satellite guidance systems with its existing KBAR shikin ballistic missile arsenal. These are not theoretical weapons or propaganda claims. These are operational systems with specific verified capabilities that transform Iran's strategic position. Fundamentally, the Kbar Shekchen missile has a range of 1,400 km Mach 16 terminal velocity and maneuverable re-entry vehicles that make interception probabilistic rather than certain. But the critical development is the guidance system upgrade. Previous Iranian ballistic missiles operated with circular error, probable between 200 and 300 m. That means half of missiles launched would land within a 300 m circle of the target. For striking large military installations or cities, this accuracy is sufficient for striking specific buildings, command centers, or critical infrastructure nodes. This accuracy is inadequate. The North Korean guidance integration reduces circular error probable to 15 to 25 m. This is precision strike capability that transforms every strategic calculation. Let me explain what this means in concrete terms. The Deona nuclear facility in Israel consists of specific reactor buildings, cooling systems, and fuel processing centers. With 300 meter accuracy, striking demon requires saturating the entire facility with multiple warheads, hoping that some penetrate the target. With 20 meter accuracy, a single conventional warhead can disable specific critical systems, making the facility inoperable without nuclear detonation and without triggering automatic nuclear response protocols. The satellite deployment occurring in the next 72 hours completes the constellation required for realtime targeting updates during missile flight. Current Iranian missiles launch with pre-programmed coordinates and cannot adjust for target movement or receive midflight corrections. Once the three satellite constellation is operational, missiles can receive updated targeting data during boost phase and terminal approach, enabling engagement of mobile targets, including carrier strike groups, relocating command posts and time-sensitive targets of opportunity. The intelligence assessment indicates full operational capability will be achieved 68 to 74 hours from this moment. The final satellite reaches deployment altitude in 43 hours. Ground station integration and system testing requires an additional 24 to 31 hours. After that window closes, Iran possesses precision conventional strike capability against every American military installation from Qatar to Diego Garcia, every Israeli strategic facility and every Saudi oil production complex. This is not incremental improvement. This is categorical transformation from area bombardment capability to precision strategic strike capability. and the United States has exactly 3 days to decide whether to prevent it. The cost exchange dynamics illustrate why this capability is existential rather than merely significant. Iran can produce KBAR shaken missiles at a unit cost of approximately 800,000 to $1.2 million depending on component sourcing. American Patriot Pack 3 interceptors cost $4 million per unit. Th interceptors cost 12 to $19 million per unit. Shipbased SM3 interceptors cost 24 to $30 million per unit. For every Iranian missile launched, the United States must fire between three and five interceptors to achieve 95% intercept probability against maneuverable re-entry vehicles. This means defending against a salvo of 100 Iranian precision missiles requires 300 to500 interceptors costing between 1.2 billion and $9.5 billion while the attacking missile salvo costs Iran between $80 million and $120 million. spread. Iran can produce missiles 10 to 100 times faster than America can produce interceptors, creating mathematical certainty that sustained bombardment will exhaust defensive magazines. But the 72-hour window exists because of a different technical constraint. The satellite constellation requires all three units operational simultaneously for the guidance network to function. Destroying any single satellite during the deployment window prevents system activation. After the window closes and satellites reach operational configuration with hardening and maneuvering capability, destroying them becomes vastly more difficult and potentially triggers immediate Iranian retaliation under use it or lose it doctrine. This brings us to the most important question. What are America's actual options in the next 3 days? And what does each option mean for the broader strategic trajectory we are witnessing? Im section two. The strategic trap 890 words. Every option available to the United States in this 72-hour window leads to outcomes that fundamentally undermine American strategic interests. This is not hyperbole. This is structural analysis of a carefully constructed strategic trap where apparent solutions actually accelerate American decline. Option one, conduct anti-satellite operation destroying the North Korean satellite before constellation completion. This appears to be the obvious technical solution. One SM3 interceptor or co-orbital anti-satellite weapon eliminates the guidance network before it becomes operational preventing precision strike capability without broader escalation. But let me explain why this option guarantees outcomes worse than the problem it solves. Kinetic anti-satellite operations create debris fields in low Earth orbit that threaten every satellite in similar orbital planes. The International Space Community operates on established norms against debris generating ASAT test precisely because of this risk. American destruction of a North Korean satellite creates precedent that legitimizes Chinese or Russian assat operations against American reconnaissance or communication satellites in future crisis. More critically, such an operation would be the first American hostile act against North Korean strategic assets since the Korean war armistice. North Korea has explicitly stated that attacks on its space infrastructure constitute acts of war. China has a mutual defense treaty with North Korea. Russia has deepening strategic coordination with both North Korea and Iran. An American ASAT operation creates legal and strategic justification for North Korean conventional retaliation against American forces in South Korea, potentially triggering a multiffront crisis spanning from the Korean Peninsula to the Persian Gulf simultaneously. The domestic American political dimension makes this option even less viable. The current administration cannot sustain another major military commitment when recruitment is at historic lows. The defense industrial base cannot meet existing munitions demand from Ukraine support and public opposition to foreign intervention is at generational highs. Starting a war to prevent Iran from acquiring better missile guidance crosses no threshold that the American electorate recognizes as worth American blood. So option one, the apparent technical solution actually triggers strategic outcomes that are worse than accepting the new Iranian capability. This is the essence of the trap. Option two, accept the new capability and rely on existing missile defense architecture. This is the path of least resistance. Israel and American Gulf installations already possess layered missile defense. The incremental improvement in Iranian missile accuracy, while significant, does not fundamentally alter the existing balance where massive Iranian missile salvos can be largely intercepted at costs the United States can sustain. The problem with this option is that it accepts a new normal where Iran can hold American regional infrastructure at risk with conventional precision strike capability. Every American base, every naval vessel in the Gulf, every logistics hub becomes targetable with 20 meter accuracy. This forces massive increases in defensive deployment that strain already insufficient stockpiles while Iran can produce offensive missiles faster and cheaper than America can produce interceptors. More importantly, accepting this capability without response signals to every American adversary that the United States will not act to prevent capability. changes that threaten its strategic position. If America accepts precision Iranian missiles, why would China believe America will act to prevent Chinese control of Taiwan? If America accepts North Korean space assets supporting Iranian weapons, why would Russia believe America will enforce consequences for any threshold crossing? The second order effects of apparent accommodation cascade into global credibility collapse. Every ally questions American security commitments. Every adversary probes for additional threshold crossings. The international order constructed on American willingness to enforce certain red lines unravels when those lines are repeatedly crossed without consequence. Option three, comprehensive strike package eliminating Iranian missile production, storage facilities and command infrastructure. This is the maximalist option that eliminates not just the satellite guidance capability, but the underlying missile threat itself. Hundreds of targets across Iran struck simultaneously, destroying the ballistic missile program along with air defense systems and command centers. This option has been war gamed extensively by Pentagon planners for the past 15 years. The operational requirements are well understood. The execution is feasible. The problem is what happens after the initial strikes. Iran has spent 26 years preparing specifically for this scenario. Every critical facility is hardened, redundant, and distributed. Many are located in urban areas where civilian casualties from bunker penetrating munitions would be extensive. Many are in mountainous terrain where battle damage assessment is delayed and reattack requires sustained operations. Most critically, Iran has established that any comprehensive strike triggers immediate retaliation across multiple vectors. Closure of the Strait of Hormuz using mines, anti-ship missiles, and swarming drone boats. Activation of proxy forces in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, and Lebanon, striking American and Israeli targets. Potential attacks on Saudi oil infrastructure. cyber operations against American financial and infrastructure systems. The comprehensive strike option requires commitment to regime change war because Iran cannot accept such humiliation and strategic degradation without response and Iranian response cannot be tolerated without escalation to fullcale conflict. And we know from Iraq how regime change wars in Middle Eastern countries of 85 million people with mountainous terrain and ideological commitment. And they do not end with American victory parades. So we arrive at the essential reality of the 3-day window. There is no good option. Every choice leads to outcomes that accelerate American strategic decline. This is not accident. This is the intentional construction of a strategic trap by adversaries who understand American decision-making constraints better than American leaders understand them themselves. Section three, historical pattern and inevitable outcome. 890 words. What we are witnessing is not novel. This exact pattern has repeated throughout history when dominant powers face adversaries who have studied their vulnerabilities and constructed asymmetric capabilities specifically designed to exploit structural weaknesses. Consider Athens in 415 B.CE. facing the choice of whether to launch the Sicilian expedition. Athenian power appeared overwhelming. The largest fleet ever assembled. the finest soldiers, complete confidence in victory. But the strategic situation was actually a carefully constructed trap where apparent opportunity was actually guaranteed disaster. The expedition was destroyed. Athens never recovered. The Pelpeneisian war ended in total Athenian defeat within a decade. Consider Napoleon in 1812 facing the choice of whether to invade Russia. French military power appeared unstoppable. The Grand Arme was the most professional force ever assembled. Russian weakness seemed evident, but the invasion was a trap designed specifically to exploit French logistical constraints and Napoleon's psychological need for decisive victory. The army was destroyed. French hijgemony ended within 3 years. Consider the United States in 2003 facing the choice of whether to invade Iraq. American military dominance appeared total. Saddam Hussein's regime seemed weak and isolated. The invasion succeeded easily, but the occupation was a trap that consumed American resources, killed thousands of soldiers, cost trillions of dollars, and demonstrated that conventional military superiority cannot overcome determined irregular resistance. The pattern is identical across civilizations and centuries. Dominant powers face choices where all options lead to strategic decline. But the psychology of dominance prevents acknowledgment of this reality. The need to maintain credibility, project strength, and demonstrate resolve forces choices that accelerate the very decline they are meant to prevent. Let me explain why this pattern is repeating now with mathematical precision. The United States faces multiple adversaries who have spent decades studying American decisionmaking, identifying vulnerabilities and constructing situations where American strength becomes weakness. Iran has specifically designed its strategic posture to make American military superiority irrelevant. Precision conventional missiles that can be produced faster and cheaper than American interceptors. Geographic terrain that makes occupation impossible. Economic structure that is sanction resistant after years of adaptation. Political system with ideological commitment that cannot be broken through external pressure. Proxy networks that can retaliate asymmetrically across the region. North Korea has constructed similar asymmetric capabilities. Nuclear weapons that cannot be eliminated through conventional strikes without triggering souls destruction. Missile production capacity that exceeds American defensive capacity. Alliance with China that prevents regime change without risking great power war. Russia has exploited American extended commitment vulnerabilities. Ukraine support depletes American munition stockpiles that cannot be replenished at speed. Every Javelin missile, every artillery shell, every air defense interceptor sent to Ukraine is one fewer available for potential Taiwan or Middle East contingencies. China is watching every dimension of this crisis with intense focus. The 3-day window for Iran is a test case for the 3-day window that will exist when China moves to reunify Taiwan. How does America respond when facing similar choice architecture? Does America act preemptively and trigger the very crisis it seeks to avoid? Does America accept capability changes and signal that thresholds are negotiable? This is the great power competition endgame. Not direct confrontation between peer militaries. Instead, construction of situations where the dominant power faces only bad options and every choice accelerates relative decline. The economic dimension reinforces this pattern. American defense industrial base cannot produce munitions at scale and speed required for sustained highintensity conflict. Weapon systems are optimized for profit maximization rather than war fighting. Each interceptor cost millions while adversary missiles cost thousands. The mathematics do not work. American recruitment cannot sustain multiple simultaneous commitments. The volunteer force is inadequate for occupation of even medium-sized countries. Reinstating conscription is political suicide. But without conscription, regime change operations cannot be sustained. American financial system is dependent on dollar supremacy maintained through pro dollar system requiring access to middle eastern oil. Iranian precision strike capability threatens this foundation directly. Closure of hormon strait even temporarily would spike oil prices to levels that trigger global recession and accelerate dollization. The trap has multiple dimensions simultaneously military, economic, political, and systemic. And the 3-day window forces a decision before adequate analysis of second and third order effects is possible. History teaches that empires facing the situation make one of two choices. Either they accept relative decline gracefully, managing the transition to multipolar order while preserving as much influence as possible. Or they attempt to reverse decline through military action which accelerates the decline and often triggers catastrophic collapse. Rome chose the second path and fragmented into waring states within a century of imperial peak. The British Empire chose the first path and managed transition to secondary power status relatively peacefully. The Soviet Union tried to maintain hegemony through military strength while economic foundation collapsed and triggered total systemic failure. The United States is approaching this same decision point. The 3-day window is microcosm of the broader choice except that adversaries have constructed capabilities that undermine American strategic position or attempt military action to prevent capability realization and trigger the multiffront crisis that guarantees strategic failure. or babe. Oh, section four, predictions and scenario modeling, 850 words. Based on the structural analysis, I am going to provide explicit predictions about what will happen in the next 72 hours and the subsequent 6 to 18 months. This is not speculation. This is game theory application to decision-making under the specific constraints that American leadership faces. Prediction one, the United States will not conduct anti-satellite operations against the North Korean satellite. The escalation risks are too high, the legal justification too weak, and the domestic political support non-existent. American leadership will convince themselves that the capability change is manageable within existing defensive architecture. I assign 90% confidence to this prediction. The 10% uncertainty accounts for possibility of catastrophic intelligence assessment that shows imminent Iranian nuclear breakout creating perceived existential threat that overrides escalation concerns. But absent that threshold crossing, risk aversion dominates. Prediction two, the satellite constellation will become operational within 78 to 96 hours. Technical integration may experience minor delays, but North Korean and Iranian engineers have been preparing this deployment for 27 months. The backup systems and redundancy ensure completion even if individual components underperform. I assign 95% confidence to this prediction. The technical requirements are well understood and the deployment timeline has buffer built into operational planning. Prediction three, within 6 to 12 months after capability becomes operational, Iran will demonstrate precision strike capability through limited test targeting of symbolic but non-critical target. This will likely be a Saudi oil facility or an abandoned American installation, demonstrating accuracy while avoiding escalation that would trigger fullcale war. This demonstration will fundamentally alter regional power dynamics. Every Gulf state will recognize that their critical infrastructure is vulnerable to Iranian precision strike. American security guarantees will be questioned when the cost of defending them becomes unsustainable. The regional order will begin shifting from American hegemony to accommodation with Iranian power. I assign 75% confidence to this prediction. The alternative scenario is that Iran maintains strategic ambiguity about capability rather than demonstrating it, which has certain advantages for crisis bargaining, but leaves doubt about actual operational readiness. Prediction four, within 18 to 24 months, we will see a major diplomatic realignment where Saudi Arabia and Gulf states begin direct negotiations with Iran on regional security architecture that reduces American role and see uh this process has already begun with Chinese mediated Saudi Iran normalization. But the precision strike capability will accelerate the timeline. I assign 80% confidence to this prediction.

- What's behind the Microsoft outage? Experts reveal the truth behind the MAJOR WEB tech-blackout!: Kind: captions Language: en how concern are you this kind of problem will be happen again in the future oh I hope it will not happen again it was a human fault and definitely we see all the inconvenience the least we can say and definitely we all have to work uh to to prevent from happening this uh uh sort of problems again this shows how Interlink we are and how much we rely on each other thank you very much you said something about oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @enekoredondo2462: There are political parties in Europe that in Spain did not reach 3.5% of the votes and yet they are there, some with 3 seats. Above all, there is a political party that in Spain made a feminist law, to protect women, supposedly, and that did the opposite. It reduced the sentences for existing crimes, it reduced the sentences of prisoners who are a couple of years away from leaving prison, releasing them officially and without mentioning the more than 1000 prisoners who received a reduction in their sentence. All of those prisoners were and are RAPISTS, PEDOPHILES AND PEDORASTICS. I wonder if that party wants to do the same with the rest of the rapists in Europe? That is what you have sitting in some seats. Not to mention that some of those people were convicted of defaming and kicking police officers. THIS TRASH ONLY HAPPENS IN EUROPE.
  2. @SophiaHaygiallah: It was an first warning stay in your country! Prepare was the order...and an whole group arround the world where on way to Hollandia and also at most to the USA and UK.

Wapons on the preparing and for outsiders with people who buyed paspoort ftom died people....

- Myth vs. Reality: The Truth About INFINITY by Marvin Fiberglass Windows: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Jeff leer the window expert thank you so much for watching this video today I want to dispel some myths associated with the infinity from Marvin fiberglass window now you've heard me talk about Infinity from Marvin and you know I like it in fact I've got some links to some videos where I descri describe that product in great detail in case you haven't watched that you need to go watch that but I hear myths all the time from competitors of infinity from Marvin primarily people who cannot sell Infinity from Marvin they wish they had access but they don't and so they're going to knock it right and they make these myths why do they make myths about stuff that they are you know trying to talk you out of buying well because number one it could be ignorance they don't know what they're talking about or number two it could be that they're just being nefarious and trying to convince you about something that's not true and one of the reasons they do that is because fiberglass is relatively new in the market now you've heard me talk about how I believe that fiberglass is the future of windows I think 10 years from now if you were going to talk to a window company about replacing your windows your first question would be hey what fiberglass products do you sell so fiberglass is here to stay but I wanted to spill those myths now I'm going to go through a few of them here I've got a short list but there's a longer list in great detail where I explain all of this in one of my blogs so I'm going to put a link to it down below go to that blog on my website you can learn more about it but here's the first myth that I hear in the home is that fiberglass windows will fade uh so yeah fiberglass does Fade All Things fade everything Fades but fiberglass does not fade as fast as some other things do for example aluminum paint 2604 or 2605 paint is going to fade faster uh if you do a uh color that's a dark color on a vinyl window for example it's going to fade faster and so you say well Jeff why is that why is it that Infinity from Marvin you're saying that it doesn't fade as fast or as much much as the other things well the reason for that is because this is actually an acrylic finish now a lot of people are going to come to your home and say no you don't want to buy fiberglass windows because they have to be gel coated they do not have to be gel coated fiberglass like for a boat would have to be gel coated but fiberglass like this is co-extruded there's an acrylic Extrusion that goes along with the pultrusion so we have a pultrusion with an extrusion on top of it right complicated but in in so many ways almost like saying that this is pigmented the color that you're seeing on here is pigmented now if you don't paint the window if you don't do something with it if you don't use some kind of a cover on it yes it will fade and you will have to do maintenance on it but this product is virtually maintenance free so don't file fall for that the second one people say is that it does have to be painted and yes it does have to be painted there's no doubt it has to be painted I just said it has to be painted and so people tell you oh you don't want to buy a fabric glass window cuz you're going to have to paint paint it and then you're going to have to repaint it and you're going to have to repaint it fiberglass needs maintenance that is not true at all a product like this comes with a lifetime warranty and the finish on it's going to last longer than just about any other kind of finish you're going to get out there on anything this is an acrylic finish it's three times thicker than what the competitors use on their finish and the reason you like acrylic is because acrylic really retains this color longer than just about any other type of paint think about this if you go to an art gallery and you start asking the artist what what kind of paint did you use a lot of it's oil paint but a lot of it's also acrylic paint why because the colors are vibrant the colors are very nice and the colors are permanent they last a very long time if you go to a junkyard right now and you go look and you find a tail light off of a 1957 Chevy remember the 57 Chevys with the big fins on the back they got that big tail light back there you can take that thing off right take the tail light off and you can go wash it and clean it hold up to the sun guess what it's still beautiful yellow Amber or it's beautiful red because it holds and retains its color for a very long time so no fiberglass windows do not need to be painted oh by the way I should point out that fabri glass windows can be repainted which is what I like about them it makes them futureproof a lot of other products you can't paint them you can't paint a Vine window again it's more likely than not it's not going to stick you can't paint an aluminum window it's not going to stick so this is really the best product for for saying I want low maintenance nearly zero maintenance with a product that's going to be color fast for a long time not fade and doesn't need this paint every every few years uh here's another one fiberglass is very brittle and it can crack and Chip easily uh they don't know much about fiberglass fiberglass is more impact resistant than any other replacement window materials in fact it's 10 times more impact resistant than vinyl and it's Ultra this is called ultrex it is Theros set fiberglass and the acrylic finish in that do not degrade over time and contrast vinyl is thermoplastic and it becomes more brittle so think about your windows if you have uh even aluminum windows now and you go outside you have that little piece that's around the edge like this there's a little piece right here next to the glass sometimes your aluminum frame still looks good but that little plastic piece right on the edge maybe hail got to it or something it's really brittle it starts to peel starts to crack I got some pictures you can see this look see what I'm talking about looks like that that's because it is actually a plastic you're not going to have that issue with fiber uh here's another one fiberglass is too new to have a proven track record fiberglass has been around in the use in this product not this product but in this type of environment since 1946 um the people at Infiniti from Marvin they've been using it since the 90s so no fiberglass does have a proven track record and it's a high performer I can't see any reason why you wouldn't wouldn't want it in fact if you have a fiberglass door in your house a lot of people have fiberglass doors go look at your back door if it's not made out of steel it's made not made out of aluminum it's going to be made out of fiberglass and you can see that those things hold up uh another thing that people say that the fiberglass corner joints uh are weak because they can't be welded like vinyl or like fibrex can be welded Anderson's fibrax you're you're right you cannot weld fiberglass but it doesn't make it weak in fact what they use is they use a a fiberglass reinforced corner piece that sits in here that these two pieces slide over I've got more of a cutaway of it here and we'll get you a closeup of this but inside there you see that little black piece that's actually the the corner piece that actually holds these two pieces together if you think about craftsmanship with woodworking this is how Furniture is assembled right you put a dow inside one piece of wood and then you cut a hole in the other you put the two together and you glue those together and actually if you were to break that wood it will break outside of that weld in that corner it's not going to break where the where the where the glue and the corner piece is put in so this is actually very durable now here's a very big positive about it unlike Vino where you have all that scarring where you know the cheap vinyl doesn't have a nice good Corner these Corners are almost seamless and and just fluid I can't I mean I can close my eyes and I can barely tell okay right there is where that seam is so actually this is a positive not a negative so that's a myth another myth I hear is that fiberglass can cause lung cancer I heard about one salesman has a little Ziploc bag with fiberglass insulation in it and he goes into somebody's house and he pulls it out and he says would you want your children breathing this all night come on give me a break what a joke fiberglass in your attic yes but that's not what this is this is a whole different product than that this is a poul treed product not a a product that you put in your attic and not only that it actually when it comes out with the the co lamination with the acry finish it covers anything that might be exposed to you I can rub this up and down it's not going to make me itch there's nothing here that this thing can do to me so that's that's a myth it's a lie don't believe it uh another one that says fiberglass is going to off gas for Malahide absolutely not true totally unfounded don't believe it fiberglass is only strong in tensil strength and no window subjected to that type of stress so fiberglass is not only strong in tensil strength it's also strong and modulus strength meaning flexural it can be bent okay so it does not Bend like vinyl bends it's much more rigid than vinyl and so it's strong not only in the in the sense of your house shifting and things moving and not only in the sense of you know the product going down the road between the factory and here it's strong in a sense that it's also going to be there for a long time and not start to Sag and the Heat and the Sun and it's not going to bow on you and you're going to really enjoy this product for a long time it's eight times stronger than vinyl three and a half times stronger than fibrex from Anderson and three times stronger than wood so you don't have a problem with it here's another one vinyl windows do a better job of insulating your home than fiberglass windows uh that is not true you can look at the nfrc data on the Windows compare them that you can get just as good of performance data out of fiberglass as you can on vinyl um they say low maintenance products like this composite products like this can't replicate the true beautiful look of a real wood window I'm going to disagree look at the inside of the wood on this product this is a composite wood every bit of this is covered with wood just like it would be on a realwood window you can stain this you can paint this yet this is really really durable you could put this underwater and it wouldn't damage it but you couldn't do that with real wood so yes you can get the beauty of real wood well you can from Infinity from Marvin why because they're like the original wood window company they make the the Marvin ultimate if you've ever seen that product it's the best looking best made real wood window in my opinion in the in the entire United States and so they they model this after that you can get that look you get these nice bevel edges and not go into great detail on it in my other video so is this product for you are you concerned about you know this product not being beautiful I wouldn't think so I put this window in my house literally this window is in my house I love it I think it's great I had a pillow windows in my house that are made out of wood and I had Rod issues so I pull them out I put this in never had that issue again stained them paint them whatever I want to do but I won't have that issue again uh fiberglass is not stable when exposed to the sun yes you're right it's not stable and exposed to the sun unless you coat it and that's why it has this acrylic finish on it you won't have any issues with the sun ultrex is thermoset is unaffected by The Heat Of The Sun it remains stable up to 300 50° fah you can't say that about vinyl or about fibrex another question that people say is you know know oh it's a terrible value it's so expensive well it is true it is true that fiberglass is more expensive than a lot of other window products out there but you should not com confuse cost with value this is probably in my opinion I believe this is the most uh valuable window we have when you look at the cost versus the return on your investment versus what you're going to get for it you're going to get more you know you pay more you get more you pay less you get less and sure you could buy a cheaper window but then you'd have to live with it forever do you want to do that I don't think so I hope this has been helpful if you're looking to learn more about the infinity product go to buy infiniti.com I have a list there of all the Infiniti dealers across the country and a special savings offer that you can receive by going to that website go to buy infinity.com don't forget to like And subscribe share sh this video and tell that salesman who's giving you these myth to get the heck out of your house

  Top Comments:
  1. @Edward-tp5nc [2 likes]: I have Elevate by Marvin.    They are the best.  It’s the fiberglass and how they do it specifically by Marvin.
  2. @andrewe.7907 [1 likes]: This guy moves some serious windows!
  3. @MrAquinas1 [1 likes]: PVC dust is one of the worst carcinogens.
  4. @gadgetryguy [1 likes]: Point of clarification: Fiberglass shards do not cause lung cancer. Many people confuse it with asbestos, which does. The entire reason we switched to it was it does not cause cancer. Probably best to still wear a mask when in the attic, and you probably don't want to roll around in the stuff, but nearly a century of research on it has shown that it is at worst a mild irritant.
  5. @mr.independent3501 [1 likes]: 👍👍👍👍
  6. @rfoliente1 [1 likes]: I heard Milgard are way better for vegans.
  7. @NoName-fw8ts: Hey Jeff . I've been watching a lot of videos about replacement windows for 5 or 6 yrs. now and even had people come to my house. 17 windows anywhere from 20k to 37k builder grade, vinyl and Renewal whick for my big window they went from 15k to 9k. Yes one window so no. I'm really wanting to go with Marvin but I don't want the renewal by you know who experience. Are they really that much more expensive than the quotes I've been getting? Excluding RenewL
  8. @obi-john218: I have a question about Everwood. You say it is a composite wood, but in the video we can see that the wood look is paper thin, not even a veneer. In the close up of the corner piece, it looks like a thin cloth with threads showing at the cut. I think of composite wood as having a solid structure. What are the details of Everwood, thickness and material?
  9. @mrc5425: The beads on the wrist look cute.
  10. @JoseCampos-bd5ut: Thank you for the video. I just wish this product line from Marvin was available in Central/Northern California. I can’t find anyone that sells it.
  11. @T_Man-mm9sz: Jeff - I need to replaces the sashes in a couple double hung windows that are located within groups of double hung windows (i.e. two of windows in a window bay, one of three windows in dinning area) and two of 6 small transom windows above the double hungs.  I also need to replace a couple small transom windows above some of the double hung windows. The original sashes appear to be construction grade painted white wood.  Can I mix windows that are fiberglass on the exterior with windows that are wood on both interior and exterior, or will they fiberglass exteriors appear visually different than the wood, even after they are all painted?
  12. @PeterHernandez-lg2eh: Never heard of infinity fiberglass windows by marvin before. Costco members get a slight discount  on these window  installations , so I wanted to check out some consumer reviews,. Gonna go with these instead of Anderson or pella, hope I  made the right decision
  13. @Easyasabreeze: You think Fiberglass and Composite are the future.  You said the same thing about Composite windows in another video.
  14. @carguy1312: Still, WAY too expensive - the 5 I purchased don't look any better than pella. Sorry, for the money, NOT worth it.
  15. @hungle8022: I heard that Marvin Essentials and Infinity barely meet the Energy Star requirement for air infiltration rate and are much worse than a lot of vinyl windows. Is that true? I am having a hard time understanding what amount to being good enough. My family is very sensitive to drafts. We are located in Southern CA if that helps.
  16. @0828-d4p: Would you happen to know if the sash is reinforced where the operator screws into it on a casement?
  17. @Kilchie: I'm confused about the painting.  You state that it does need to be painted and then also emphatically say it does not need to be painted.  Can you please clarify?
  18. @portlandute: Jeff, any feedback on this?  In the SLC area.  Amsco Black on Black  studio with CozE HV (Lowe 366)glass or Marvin Essentials black on black with LowE3 with argon?
  19. @stevebeemer3469: was thinking about going with anderson fibrex until i saw the video where you hit it with a hammer.  looked too brittle.
  20. @tamiz8895: Helpful -thank you 🪟

- The BEST Facebook Ad Campaign Structure for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Facebook ads have changed so much over the past 6 to 12 months that have completely changed my recommended Facebook ad campaign structure. Right now, there's a very good chance that you are using an old campaign structure and that it's hurting your results. So, in this video, I'm going to show you my new and updated campaign structure for Facebook ads and Instagram ads. So, one of the biggest changes when we're looking at my new recommended campaign structure in comparison to what we used to recommend is that we now rarely separate out cold and warm audiences. Warm audiences being people that have interacted with your business before. could be website visitors, people on your email list, people who have watched a video of yours on Facebook or Instagram, lots of different types of of warm audiences. And we used to separate those out and we would uh be very specific with the messaging and the budget that we'd allocate to each. And we'd see, okay, we're getting this return on ad spend from our warm audiences versus this return on ad spend from our cold audiences. We rarely do that anymore because of the way that Meta's targeting systems have changed. Um, so just quickly demonstrate what I'm talking about, I'm in an example ad account here. I've created a quick example sales campaign. And if we just jump to the adset level of this, uh, click edit and then go down to the targeting section, we've got controls and we've got suggest an audience being the two main parts of of targeting now. And in the suggestion audience section, if we go ahead and click show settings, we can see custom audiences in here. If I click on this, custom audiences are your warm audiences. Those are the audiences that contain people that have interacted with your business before. So in custom audiences is where you set up things like website, email list, people who follow you on Instagram, etc., etc., Right now, if for example within this ads sets we say I want to target my website visitors. You can come in here and I can it's an example ad account. So I've got all these set up websites visitors 180. Right? You might think okay this adset is now only going to advertise to people that are within that audience that have visited my website in this case within the last 180 days. That is not true. This is within the suggest an audience section. So meta will reach people within this audience. They'll put ads in front of people, but they will also go beyond that to reach other people that Meta believes are going to, in this case, generate a sale because that's what this campaign is set up for. Basically, Meta is going to go beyond your targeting criteria um so that they can help you achieve the objective you've told Meta that you want. Now, because the the custom audience, the warm audience part is within this suggested audience section, if we tried to have say a warm audience adset and a cold audience ads set or a warm audience campaign and a cold audience campaign, there's going to be an enormous amount of overlap because within the cold audience, Meta is going to target your warm audience anyway. Within the warm cold audience anyway. Um, so it seems silly to have the two separate options when we're effectively targeting the same people when we could just consolidate that and benefit from it. I'll talk more about consolidation later on. And you can run experiments to see just how strong the impact of this change is in comparison to what we used to see. What you want to do is you want to go into your advertising settings which I've done here just got up on on another tab. If you just go ahead all tools you'll see advertising settings or you can get it from all tools and then once you come in here you go into audience segments and then what you want to do is make sure that you've got your engaged audience and your existing customers defined. to basically create those custom audiences and then say this is engaged audience, this is existing customers. And you do that within here. And you can see we've got a drop down. You can add in your your custom audiences to uh to both of these. And that basically lets Meta know okay these are people that are customers. These are people that are engaged audience that haven't yet uh made a purchase, haven't become become a customer. And then when you run your ad campaigns, you can see the breakdown of new audience, engaged audience and existing customers of where Meta is spending the money, your budget split, your frequency, etc., etc. Right? In fact, let me quickly show you what this looks like. Right? So, if we look at this ad set here, we can see the breakdown um in results. In this case, website purchase. Of the 93, we can see that nine came from engaged audience, 59 from existing customers. So, this is retargeting heavy. uh 20 from new audience and then we've got a few uncatategorized and unknown but that's not surprising because uh data is you rarely able to track with 100% accuracy. Um and what you will see that's that's really interesting and you run this experiment is that if you set up an adset to target warm audiences so you add in your custom audiences website visitors email list etc etc and then you run that alongside another adset that is set up to target cold audiences. If you look at the data between those two adsets, the split between the conversions and the impressions that come from engaged, existing, and new is often very consistent. As in, with the one adset that's set up for cold audiences, you get the same split as with the other adset set up for warm audiences. In other words, Meta's kind of not paying much attention to the fact that you are trying to advertise cold audience in this adset and warm audience in adset. They're just trying to go out and get you results. They're using your inputs and suggestions and doing their own thing. And that makes it silly to have separate adsets or separate campaigns for cold and warm audiences where Meta is going to target a mixture of the two anyway. Right? So, that's one of the big changes that we're now making is that there are still some rare circumstances where we will separate them out if we really want to change the messaging between different stages of a salesunnel, for example. But that's rare. By default, we're absolutely going to combine both cold and warm audiences into the same campaign and the same adset. So, the next thing we're trying to do with the new campaign structure is consolidate as much as possible. And that applies to both campaigns and adsets. We're going to try and run as few campaigns and as few adsets as possible. Often just using the one campaign and the one adset. I'll explain later on when we do and don't want to uh to do that. Why are we doing that? Well, it's best to combine the data into as few elements as possible. Let's say you generate 70 conversions in a week. Instead of having that spread across 10 different adsets, so seven conversions roughly per adset per week, Meta is going to struggle to optimize those adsets. Going to struggle to get out of the learning phase. Whereas, if that's in one adset, you're generating 70 conversions per week in that one adset. Meta is able to fully optimize. They're able to work out the best time of day to advertise, what ad impression frequency is required, advertise to this person instead of this person, use this ad instead of this ad. all the various points that Meta's system optimizes to get us more of what we want, more sales, more leads, whatever it is we've set up our campaign to optimize for, Meta can do that better with more conversion data. So much better to have that consolidated data into the one campaign, one adset as opposed to spread across lots of different elements that will struggle uh to optimize. Second reason why we want to consolidate is because we want to avoid auction overlap. Now, there's some misconceptions around overlap. A lot of people think I'm talking about audience overlap. When I say auction overlap, I'm not audience overlap would be you've got two different campaigns, two different adsets, and they're targeting a lot of the same audience. Now, that's not ideal, but the whole idea of that's going to increase the cost because you're bidding against yourself is a bit silly. There are thousands of advertisers trying to reach the same people. One extra campaign ad setting that not going to make much difference. But you can run into issues with auction overlap, which is a different thing. Meta systems are now very sophisticated at working out what ad impression frequency is required to get the outcome that you want. So Meta might work out, you know what, we're better off at generating four or five ad impressions for a single individual over a 24 48 hour time period as opposed to spreading out those ad impressions over a week. Well, Meta could plan that really well if it's just got the one campaign, one adset targeting a person, a group of people obviously, but we're talking about one individual user in this case, but targeting um a group of people. If you've got some ad impressions coming from one adset, some ad impressions coming from another adset or different campaigns, much more difficult for Meta to work out that delivery system of right, let's put an ad in front of this person four times over the next 48 hours. Much more difficult for them to be able to uh to do that. So, that's that's the issue that comes up with auction overlap. and you want to take advantage of what Meta's delivery system um is able to do. Okay. So, the next thing we've changed is that we very rarely now test different audiences at the adset or even the campaign level. And that has a lot to do with what we described previously when we're talking about separating out cold and warm audiences. For the same reason that we don't separate those out, meta is kind of going to ignore a lot of your suggestions. They're going to do their own thing when it comes to targeting anyway. is why we won't test different interest targeting options in different adsets or interest targeting versus lookalike versus open targeting. We used to do a lot of that sort of stuff. We don't do that anymore because all of that falls within the suggested audience section unless it's going to do its own thing. There is an exception and that's location-based targeting. We will often test different locations. Now, this would going to depend on the business. Um, so it might be that a business just advertises in one country, that's who they can serve and we're happy just to advertise to the entire country. We're not going to bother testing that. But if we have a business that's international and they want to be able to test between different markets, okay, we want to see how our campaigns perform in the US versus the UK versus Australia, etc., we'll have different campaigns for those. Or if it's a lo local b locally based business that has multiple locations. So, if it's a gym franchise, for example, you might want to test, right, we're going to advertise in this city versus this city versus this city for that that individual unit uh in the local area, people might be interested, and we're going to separate out performance. Now, it's not a coincidence, if I jump back into my example ad account, jump to the adset level, go back into targeting. It's not a coincidence that we will test different um targeting options when it comes to a location basis across different adsets, maybe different campaigns and the location targeting falls within the control section. Like that is not a coincidence. Basically, we are able to do that testing accurately on a location basis whereas we aren't with say different interests or interests versus lookalikes and stuff like that because the control section within targeting here those are hard boundaries. So, we're saying, look, in this adset, just advertise to this local area. In this adset, just advertise to this local area or doing so on a country level or a state level. Um, Meta is going to, for the most part, only advertise to people within that that location. They're not going to treat that as a suggestion and go beyond it where they think it'll help you get um your desired outcome. So, we will do it for location, very rarely for this other stuff, even though we used to do a lot of that. Another reason why we're able to consolidate and use fewer campaigns, fewer adsets, is because Meta can now handle a lot more ads within an adset. So, they used to have a recommendation of don't have five or six ads live in an adset at any one time. Uh the system was less sophisticated before and it would struggle to be able to test those properly and put them in front of people and work out how to do it. It was basically too many variables for the system. That has now changed with Andromeda. with some other updates. Meta is able to handle a lot more ad creative and different ads within um an adset. So the recommendation typically is 20 plus and we will often run adsets with 20 plus. So very different to how we used to have we used to have lots of different campaigns, lots of different adsets and limited number of ads within each adset. Now much fewer campaigns, much fewer adsets, often one campaign, one adset, but then a ton of ads within um that one adset set. In fact, Meta not only says they can handle that, but it's recommended because Meta now wants much more creative diversity. So, they want different ads within an ad set, they have different types of creative, different formats. You have a mixture of images and video, different video styles. You might have some UGC, you might have um some founder, some demonstration videos, some customer testimonial videos. And Meta is going to they want that so that they can test to see which works best. But they also are now able to personalize ad delivery a lot more. say we're to work out, you know, for this person, they seem to really respond to UGC style ads, so we're going to put more of those in front of them. This person seems to respond to product demonstration style ads. We're going to put the more of those in front of them. If they have the different ads and the different types of creative within the one ad set, Meta can start to do a better job of personalizing ad delivery and working out that it's not a one-sizefits-all. There are different people within your target audience and different people respond um to different um creative. So that's one of the big big shifts that have come from the change in the platform, the updated campaign structure is a lot more ads within an adset. I don't worry about an upper limit anymore. The constraining factor is usually how many good quality ads can be created. What are the resources available? And we will run those and look to introduce new ones over time as we test and learn from the data that we see. Within the new campaign structure, we've also changed how we test different ad copy variations. So, we used to have separate ads for different headlines would be one of the things that we test or different primary text. We're not going to have separate ads for those anymore. Instead, we're going to take advantage of the variation option. So, if I jump into the ad level and then scroll down to where we set up our ad copy, we can see that if we click into primary text, you can see we have one of five. So we can have up to five different primary text variations within this one ad. We can do the same for headlines. Click in there, you see one of five. And do the same for descriptions. So really, you want to think of separate ads as testing different ad creative or maybe not even just testing, but being able to have that different creative diversity. So have different types of ads like I just described. Uh when it comes to testing, I wonder which headline works best for this offer or this ad. You want to do that within the ad, not have separate ads for that. um and do so using these primary text headline description variations. This is a much cleaner, neater way to do your ad copy testing, which is still something that you want to do. Um as opposed to needing to have an enormous amount of ads cuz if you've got all this different ad creative and then let's say for each ad creative you needed three or four different ads to test different headline variations, you very quickly get into just silly numbers of ads and too difficult for you as the advertiser to be able to to monitor that and keep up with it. much better to do it within these text variations and have that copy testing done within an ad unit as opposed to separate ads. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. One of the things we used to do with our old Facebook ad campaign structure, and I still see this come up when I take a look at at people's ad accounts often is to have uh different campaigns for different stages of the salesunnel. So, you might have had a top offunnel campaign, a middle ofunnel campaign, and a bottom of campaign. And different stages would have different ads. So, in the top of funnel, you might have uh like a founder story video that explains why the company was great in the first place. Middle of funnel might be more product demonstration. And then the bottom funnel might be a customer testimonial trying to get you to convert and people would go through the sequence. Now, we don't do that because of what we've already described in terms of meta targeting and a lot of it being suggestions and they're kind of going to show different ads to different people anyway. So, it's not as easy to neatly move people um through the system anymore. But that doesn't mean that we've completely thrown away the top of funnel, middle of funnel, bottom of funnel ideas because the logic is still there from a marketing standpoint of often you need to introduce people to an idea, but they won't be ready to convert straight away. You then need to warm them up with evidence of why it's great, why they should buy it, and then they have the extra call to action based ads and the and the customer testimonials and things that are going to really help them take action now, right? That still applies because that's something that warms up people. If you think about your relationship with another person, you start off not knowing them very well and it takes time and many interactions to get to the point where they become a really good friend or something for example. Okay. So we can still do that but we can actually do that within the one campaign and one ad set now. So we will create ads. I just mentioned we might have 20 plus ads in an ad set. We will create some ads thinking these are more likely to be top ofunnel ads. We will create some that more like to be middle of funnel and then some that are going to be bottom of funnel. So just like I talked about, you're kind of two birds, one stone situation here, right? You're adding a lot of creative diversity by doing this, but you're also allowing for that journey to take place because you could have those ads that are founderled, storybased, why we created the company in the first place. You could have those ads that are product demonstration. You could have those ads that are uh customer testimonial. Now there's variations on those depending on your business. Like I've used a product ecom example there, but you can absolutely find examples of that um for info or lead genen. There there are variations on a theme and meta is now sophisticated enough to work that out. So they will add sequence for you automatically. They will use some ads initially put in front of people first off then other ads in more of a retargeting capacity. And the way you can see if this is happening within your ad account because it happens in some ad accounts more than others. The ad accounts where this happens more are ones where the ask is larger. So if you're selling something that has a higher price point or you're selling a service that's more involved, people need more steps to get to the point where they're willing to inquire, buy, etc. If you're selling an inexpensive e-commerce product, it's going to be much more just directly buy it if you're interested. If not, fine. But what you'll often see in those businesses that that see this automatic ad sequencing taking place within the one ad set is that some ads will consistently have money spent on them, but they don't have many conversions. Looks like their cost per lead or cost per sale isn't very good. And you think, why is Meta doing this? It's because they're using that in a top offunnel capacity and then using other ads to retarget and get the conversion because you might have money being spent on that one. You look at the other ads, you're thinking, but this other ad is performing really well on a return on ad spend basis, cost per lead basis, etc. But why is it matter spending more money on that? Now, you don't want to make the mistake of turning off the ad that is being used in a topunnel capacity because then your other ad performance will massively worsen because it isn't benefiting from that other ad being used in a topunnel capacity. So, we still use that process, but instead of doing it in different campaigns, different adsets, we're going to consolidate that into one adset. And Meta is smart enough to sequence those ads and uh and work it out. So, I've talked a lot about consolidating less. When do we actually have separate campaigns, separate adsets? I've talked about the location example. Here's another example. By default, I like to use one campaign per product or service range. So, we're not going to have a different campaign for red hats versus blue hats. We are going to have a different campaign for hats versus shoes because those campaigns we want to optimize differently. We want meta to treat them as as we might need to target slightly different people. We might need to advertise them in a different way. People might need more convincing to buy shoes than a hat. So, we need more ad impression. We want them to learn under different conditions and then and then optimize um accordingly. An exception to that would be a general dynamic catalog campaign. Um where if you run those typically with a relatively small budget, then Meta is going to spend the majority or all of that budget on retargeting depending on the size of your of your warm audiences. And I'm perfectly happy to that span your product and service ranges and just you know this is more like to be used in a product capacity as opposed to service based businesses. But you know put the thing that someone's most like to be interested or has just had a look at in front of them even if we are crossing between shoes and hats and belts and whatever it is that you know you might be selling in this example. So happy for that to be businesswide but otherwise we're going to to be more specific and have different product ranges. So not variations but different product ranges or different services. um in different campaigns that we're going to separate out that way. It also gives you a lot of nice control as an advertiser to be like, "All right, we're out of stock on this. Turn this off." Or, "We're at capacity for this service. Turn this off." So, if we look at our business, for example, we offer both done for you meta ad services. We create manage optimizer campaigns for you. And we have done with you program, which my mentorship program, where you still manage your own ads, but we coach and very hands-on in terms of making recommendations. You can ask us questions and all that sort of stuff. So, those are separate offers. We would have those in separate campaigns. We want them to optimize differently. The target market is typically a bit different. Uh the the big spenders are typically going to be on the done for you services, the larger businesses. Others are going to be with the with the mentorship program. So we want Meta to optimize accordingly. And then also like I said, we have flexibility in terms of capacity. So we could oh we're absolutely capacity. We're done for you. Let's turn that off for a little while. Um and we'll start that up again once we uh once we're ready. By the way, if you're interested in either of those, want us to run your ad campaigns for you or want us to teach you how to run better ad campaigns, get better results, um, links in the description for both. There are also times where you might need a different campaign structure to what I've recommended. So, the things I've been through here and what I've recommended would be the default. That's going to apply to most businesses, but there are times where you might want to do something differently. For example, my omnipresent content campaign strategy requires a very different structure. You can't have the one adset. You need multiple adsets. So, if you're not familiar with that, I've got videos on my channel in case you want to check it out. It's typically a strategy that works really well for businesses with a very um involved purchasing decision for your customer. So, think high ticket service, for example. Something that people really going to have to think about, need a lot of convincing. You need a different campaign structure. If you're selling a $10,000, $20,000 service, for example, right? So, in that instance, you're going to want to go away from this default. When you go away from this default that I've uh talked about in this video, meta is also going to pop up with lots of warnings. It's fine to ignore those, but just do it very intentionally. Know why you're doing it as opposed to just I'm going to do this because I heard 3 years ago this is how you're supposed to do it or such and such said this would work and know why you're doing it. Follow a specific strategy like omniresent content and understand the process and therefore you're fine to ignore warnings. Remember that warnings that pop up in your ad account saying change this to improve performance. they are done with like the masses in mind and what's best on average and they're right. It might not be right for your um specific scenario. Testing is the other big example where we might deviate from this. So a lot of ad accounts run into the issue when they just have the one campaign, one ad set where they really struggle to test new ad creative. So they find that okay, I've got my ads in there, meta spending on one or two ads. I try and introduce new ads. I've been told I need creative diversity. I'm spending all this time producing new ads. I put them in there and just nothing happens. Met doesn't spend any money on them. They just spend money on my previous best performers, but those are slowly fatiguing and performance is dropping. What do I do? That's where we will entertain a different campaign structure. In fact, I go through how I'd recommend you test and the various options to overcome that problem, allow you to test new ad creative, which is super super important in this video here. So, I'd strongly recommend checking that out next. Often we will still use this campaign structure and test within it, but there are scenarios where we will deviate from that. Anyway, I cover it all in this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [4 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @SalesRemedyUK [2 likes]: My campaigns' ROAS is through the roof thanks to this man.
  3. @writedirect [1 likes]: 3 videos in and blown away by this instruction. Ben is intelligent, pleasant, to the point and has made navigating Facebook Ads as a beginner a possibility. Definitely see using his paid services as we grow and things become more complicated. Can't say thank you enough.
  4. @AshleyRoyalty-x6u [1 likes]: Does budget influence how many ads you are running in an ad set though? I get 20+ is great, but if you only have a $50 budget per day @ $4 CPL, how many ads is fair without spending the money too much.
  5. @sarahak: I currently have 5 campaigns. When consolidating, should I create a completely new campaign or edit the best-performing one?
also one of the reasons behind having separate campaigns is that catalog campaigns cannot be merged with regular ones + I like to have separate max value and max purchase campaigns- so Im unsure which one to pick in one consolidated campaign since both work well with me
  6. @LindaH-k1g: Great content! Thank you :) I have a question though regarding customer segments. 

When creating a target audience segment for existing customers, the “Purchase” event does not appear as an available event option (which I assume we want for existing customer segment?).

We are using Shopify, we have Facebook & Instagram installed, and enhanced data sharing is enabled (Conversions API, Meta Pixel, and Advanced Matching). Because of this, I would expect the Purchase event to be available.

Could you help me understand why the Purchase event is not showing?
  7. @lemonroti1991: Consolidation is key: The modern recommended approach is to minimize the number of campaigns and ad sets. Instead of separating cold and warm audiences, it is now more effective to combine them into a single ad set (0:23 - 0:51, 5:12 - 6:21).

Leveraging Meta’s algorithm: Because Meta’s targeting systems use your inputs as suggestions rather than strict rules, they are highly capable of automatically optimizing delivery for better results when provided with more consolidated conversion data (1:05 - 2:43).

Creative Diversity: With the platform's increased sophistication, it is recommended to include a wide variety of ad formats (videos, images, UGC, etc.)—often 20 or more—within a single ad set, allowing the system to personalize delivery to different users (10:10 - 12:18).

Testing strategy: The video advises testing ad copy variations (headlines and primary text) directly within ad units rather than creating separate ads. Location-based targeting remains an exception where testing in separate ad sets is still beneficial (8:27 - 10:09, 12:20 - 13:45).

Automatic Sequencing: By consolidating, you allow Meta to automatically perform "ad sequencing," showing top-of-funnel content to new prospects and retargeting with lower-funnel content like testimonials, all within the same ad set (15:00 - 18:49).

When you should deviate from this structure (e.g., for specific product ranges, high-ticket services, or specific content strategies) is also addressed toward the end of the video (18:50 - 23:29).
  8. @stilllookingfortreasure: How do we figure out our existing customers when we sell mostly on amazon? I do have an email list but I know that most people are not on there.
  9. @marvinwilliams7938: You say 1 ad set with many ads is better. If you add new ads into an ad set it causes a significant edit. What do you say to this concern?
  10. @v.verozina: do we still go for sales and scaling campaigns ??
  11. @chukwudumofoegbu: Great video Ben, how about you make a new video on omnipresent campaign and how to run it successfully with all the new changes that has taken place since you last made a video about it? That will really be very helpful to us. Thank you.
  12. @DarrioSinclair: Using different headlines is good once you know what works, the only way to clean clear data is to run headlines and copy separate with same creative, then do this repeatedly reskinning the best versions and then throwing them into one ad. But it’s more work
  13. @Benjamainma: Hey ben and all, love the content! I just had a very strange 'anomaly' and I’d love to get your take on it.

Last week, my Business Manager crashed and all my Pixels became 'unavailable' mid-run. I had two 'Sales' objective campaigns that suddenly had to run with ZERO pixel data feedback for about 8 hours. Paradoxically, my sales tripled (x3) during that window compared to my usual performance.

It felt like the algorithm was 'unshackled' from the pixel's constraints and went full Broad, hitting cheaper CPMs that actually converted. How do you explain this? Is this a known phenomenon where the creative is so strong that the pixel's 'optimization' was actually acting as a bottleneck?

Also, do you think this can be replicated intentionally via 'Traffic' campaigns or Sales campaigns without a pixel, or was it just a 'lucky' glitch in the auction? Thanks all!
  14. @innocentgaurav82: If I add so many ads at the ad level, will it not take ages to come out of the learning phase ?
  15. @SundaramFashions-r6s: Hey ,

Thank you for making a video about it. 
I have a query , We have a kids wear brand . 
We make different categories, like casual wear, party wear, sleepwear. So Shall we make ads for different category under same ad set or shall we make separate campaigns for separate categories. As we have received both inputs from different experts.
Kindly suggest .
  16. @FullbrightBusk: :face-green-smiling::face-orange-frowning:
  17. @bolinzhaio: However, I have a question: if an ad group has a large number of creatives, but the meta tags allocate most of the budget to the one or two best ones, what if the remaining creatives are also high-quality? Isn't that a waste?
  18. @RafaelBelor: if i have the same offer but different avatar, would you still do it in the same adset? for example, i have some ads targeted at busy professionals and some ads targeted at retired high income avatars. not sure if two adsets are the way to go. i feel like having more adsets gives me more control. what would you suggest? i‘m starting with very low budgets but want to scale quickly when i find a funnel that works
  19. @RafaelBelor: it‘s possible to further limit the reach of the targeting, so the retargeting is ONLY engaged customers, and engaged customers can be excluded in the cold audience campaign. what would you recommend for small and big budgets?
  20. @Camila-b4c4d: Thank you for the video Ben, it's really helpful! I have a question about segmenting audiences: would it be possible to keep the cold and warm audiences separated if you exclude the people who interacted with your brand, since it is an option available in the controls area and not the suggestion area?

- 10 Marketing Strategies Guaranteed to Grow ANY Business (PROVEN & PROFITABLE): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend. Adam here. And today I wanna walk you through 10 marketing tips and tactics and strategies, or rather give you a framework and a playbook that you can use to create marketing that works, that converts, that's profitable and helps you grow your business or any business you're working on. What this is going to help you do is essentially any time that you're sitting down and you're thinking of ways to generate new customers or more leads or make more sales or launch a new campaign, it's gonna give you a framework and a roadmap that you can follow from start all the way to finish to make sure that you're doing the right things in the right place for the right people, rather than just randomly guessing and hoping and praying that this might all just magically work, which let's be honest, isn't much better than gambling. And that makes no sense at all, especially when there is a far more proven and strategic path that you can follow, one that has been replicated thousands, if not tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of times, both for myself and for my clients over the past 10 years. And one that I know that if you follow and you work through what I'm about to share with you will have amazing and positive effects on your business and your marketing as well. So with that said, let's dive right in. Now what you're looking at right here is the original kind of brainchild behind all of this, just a mess of words and of thoughts and ideas all kind of tossed down on the paper, of course, in typical Adam fashion being slightly a bit of a perfectionist, still working on it. Anyway, I cleaned it up a little bit. I made a better and cleaner diagram for you and that's what I wanna walk you through here today. Essentially starting in the middle and then working our way out. See, the problem is when most people think about marketing, they think about business planning and strategy and things like that, they view it as this linear path like, I'm gonna do this and then I'm gonna do that, and then it's gonna be followed by this, when the reality is it's often a lot more of this kind of roller coaster ride. We're gonna try this, we're gonna get data and feedback, we're gonna look at the analytics and the metrics. We're gonna pivot and adjust accordingly. Then we're gonna go in this direction, then we're gonna move this. Then we're gonna base those decisions off everything we've just done and what worked and what didn't. And it continually evolves and you need to be able to evolve and adapt with it. All that said, there is a set of steps that you want to take. You don't want to just go out there and start posting on random social media accounts because then nothing's going to work, you're gonna get frustrated, you're gonna get burned out and then you might just give up on the whole thing altogether. And that's not good for you, it's not good for the people that you hope to serve. It's not good for anyone. So the very first thing that you need to do anytime your launching a new campaign, whether it's an existing business or you're thinking of starting a new business, is you need to start right in the center here with the offer. Now, I could make you struggle to understand my terrible handwriting like was mocked up the time before, but I've taken the efforts to go and let's see if this works, I don't have perforated paper, but that worked better than I thought, so here we are. Step number one is the offer. Now there's a bit of a debate in the marketing community about when it comes to starting a business, when it comes to growing an existing business, do you focus on the offer first or the target market? In other words, do you want to make something and then find people to sell it to or do you wanna find people that you can help and then make something to solve their problems? No one seems to agree on this, so we've got a solution. If you have a brand new business, you've never sold anything to anyone, you just have this idea in your mind, then typically you're better off thinking about the people that you seek to serve. Those are going to be people that you may have been one in the past or that you resonate with or that you're currently a member of the group, and the reason is because the better that you're able to understand your target markets and their pains and problems and fears and frustrations and all the things we're gonna talk about in just a minute, the better you're going to be able to position your product or your service or your offer as the solution to their pains and problems. On the flip side, if you already have an existing business, you've been in business for any length of time than the odds are good that you already have a number of different products or services or things that you're selling. So the key here is to be specific and strategic and selective and make sure that you're choosing the right offer with the best margins, that is the most fun to deliver, that has the highest potential for scalability, that's easy to sort of market and clearly describe. So to recap all of that, if you've got a new product or a new offer, something you're thinking of selling, do a little bit of market research, find the ideal segment of people that you can best serve and then make sure that there's a match there. If you already have an existing business, the odds are good that you've been selling something. So find out what it is about that makes it unique, and then find the best people that you can continue to serve by 80 20ing your existing customers. Essentially taking a look at the top 20% of your customers, what are their commonalities, their traits? What do they sort of have in common, where do they live? All of the things that we're gonna talk about in just a second when it comes to market. All right, so that is our offer and that's gonna form the core of everything that we do from this point on, everything is going to be an alignment with this offer. It's gonna be in service of this offer. Marketing is done and one single offer at a time. You may have a number of different things you can do or want to do, but that doesn't mean you wanna blast somebody with all of your different offers cuz it's going to lead to overwhelm and to confusion and to this sort of paralysis by analysis, not knowing what to do or how to do it and confused customers don't buy, so we start here. Okay, so now that you've got the offer in mind, the next thing that you need to do is move on to this section here, goals. Now here's the deal, when it comes to setting goals for your marketing, I'm not a stickler for making sure that you set exact specific measurable goals like we want to increase our cost of acquisition or decrease our cost of acquisition by 3% or increase our leads by 22.8%, but I do need you to have a north star, a guiding sort of area light to work towards to make sure that you are going on the right path rather than taking all of these completely irrelevant paths and ending up somewhere completely different that's not going to benefit you or your business or the people that you seek to serve. Good example here is that most business owners, most entrepreneurs, most marketers, sadly, they do marketing for the sake of marketing, they were told that, Hey, we need to do some marketing, we need to make some stuff. So they make some stuff and then they put it out there and unsurprisingly it doesn't resonate because it's just stuff, or they may have the wrong kind of goal, which is creating stuff for the sake of getting likes or comments or shares rather than building a community and increasing engagement with the right kind of people that will lead to leads that will lead to customers that will lead to sales and revenue and actual business growth. Now, fortunately, when it comes to setting goals, the end goal is normally pretty simple. I mean it's going to be an increase in sales or an increase in revenue, and then all you have to do is start to work your way backwards to assign relevant metrics and KPIs known as key performance indicators to make sure that everything's in alignment. For example, if you have a thousand dollars product to sell and you know that you sell it by phone and you close one in two sales, well now we figured out, well, we're gonna need two sales calls to make one sale, and then, okay, well how many leads do we need to generate in order to have those two sales calls? And then how many clicks do we need to get those leads? And you can start to work your way back and at least it gives you sort of a right direction to move towards. Okay, next up we are gonna draw the line, and this one is all about target market, target market, possibly the most important element in all of marketing. In fact, the word marketing, right? We've got market baked right into it. That's how important this is, they are the core, the central component of your entire campaign, the entire structure, everything you do is about your target market and what's in service to them, you see, the reality is that when it comes to marketing, the customer doesn't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood, and that's all about empathy, it's about awareness, it's about being able to put yourself in their shoes to view things from their perspective. See, the reason that a lot of marketing doesn't work, doesn't connect with the target market is because it's not relevant, it's not, it doesn't resonate with them. They don't understand how this would apply to them and so they just tune it out, good example here. If you've ever seen a commercial or a YouTube or a Facebook ad or any kind of ad or marketing material at all, and you've thought "This is really dumb, like seriously, this makes no sense, I don't even know what they're trying to sell." And if you do happen to figure out what they're trying to sell, you think "What a dumb product, who would ever buy that?" and here's the thing, the product, the service, whatever it is being sold might not be dumb and the ad might actually be really good, but you are not the target market. Now, sure, their targeting could be off. I don't know why you're seeing the ad that's not meant for you, sometimes these things happen, but the point of the matter is that as long as you're specific and relevant to the right kind of people, you will get them to take action. They will be inspired to want to get the solution to the problem that they have provided, that you've properly articulated this, that you've said the right words in the right way at the right time. On the other hand, if you water down your message by trying to appeal to everybody out there, it becomes very bland and very boring and very generic and then people just automatically tune it out and you know exactly what I'm talking about. Talking about the things or the ads, the marketing that says we provide better service or faster delivery or we're superior or whatever it is, first of all, these are not specific terms, they're very ambiguous. They could mean a lot of things to a lot of different people, second of all, pretty much everybody can say them, therefore everybody does say them, therefore they mean nothing. Anyway, I'm gonna dive into more of the specifics on that in just a second, but first, let's figure out your ideal target market, your ideal customer avatar, also sometimes known as an ICA. And to do that we break it down into three different categories, the first of which is their demographic details. These are the stereotypical things you think of when you think of marketing and think of a target market, so age, gender, income, occupation, titles, all of the things that are just like the generic customer avatar right there, then we have geographic details. What city, state, province, country, principality, municipality, neighborhood, where do they live basically. This is incredibly important because there's going to be cultural differences between not only different countries but also different cities and sometimes even different neighborhoods in different cities. And then of course you have the mother of all the psychographic details, what are their values, their attitudes, their lifestyles, their beliefs, what organizations are they a part of? Religious affiliations, political leanings, all of that stuff. All of the things that are not polite to talk about around the dinner table. Those are the things that you want to know. You want to get into their head and you want to know kind of like what do they really think about these things that we're not supposed to talk about. Now, I'm not suggesting you make all of your ads and all of your marketing directly call this stuff out, but it still is important to keep in the back of your mind when you're creating your marketing materials. What are these people going to like? What are they not going to like? What are they going to find offensive and what is going to be polarizing but in a good way that's gonna draw them in and really reject and repel everybody else that you just don't wanna deal with? After target market, well, of course we have to drill down into those psychographic details even more, and to do that we're going to sort of break apart, their miracles and miseries. Now, miracles miseries are things that I've coined that essentially make up the two different areas of your target market. They're miseries being their fears and problems and pains and frustrations and nightmares and all the things they're trying to get away from, and their miracles being all of their wants and dreams and goals and desires and aspirations and all the things that they're trying to move towards. Every person, every target market, every business has a way to appeal to someone's miseries as well as to their miracles. There's going to be different industries that lean one way more than another. There's going to be segments of the market that lean more one way or another, in other words, if you use messaging that help someone move away from pain, sometimes that's stronger, on the other hand, you have more aspirational language, helping someone achieve something and different markets are gonna benefit more from that. A decent mix of both is usually the best path. We don't want to constantly be negative and say, This is a horrible thing and you need to get it fixed and blah, blah, blah. Otherwise you come to come off as a Debbie Downer. On the other hand, if all your promising is rainbows and sunshine and unicorns and all the magical things in this world, while they're not gonna have any reason to take action if you don't sort of back that up with a little bit of pain, in other words, a solution without a problem is completely meaningless. You need to put the solution in context to an actual problem that they have. Now, here's where things get good. The miracles and miseries essentially form a gap A gap between where they're at right now with all of the bad stuff going on and where they want to be with all of the good stuff that they'd like to have. And it's your marketing's job to help them bridge that gap away from miseries and towards miracles and the better you're able to communicate that and show how if you do these things, if you acquire this product, if you use this service, if you take me up on this offer, you're going to be able to have it. Well, the better you're able to clearly communicate that, the better all of your marketing and all of your sales are going to be, all right, moving on. Next up, we have present and active. Now, this one is a bit of a pet peeve of mine. I've got a few different marketing pet peeves, one of which is when I ask someone who their target market is and they say everyone or everyone in the world or people with money, and of course as we've already covered, you can't be that broad, otherwise you end up with completely boring and bland and irrelevant messages. The other pet peeve I have is when people, business owners, entrepreneurs, marketers occasionally hear about a new platform or a new social media channel or a new marketing opportunity and they dive right in without doing all of the things that we've just covered, all of the more important things that need to happen first, identifying the model, figuring out the target market, working out their miracles and miseries and all of those details. Instead, they just dive headfirst into this new platform and make a bunch of stuff, nothing works, and then they swear off the platform for good. Well, unsurprisingly the reason this doesn't work for most people most of the tim e is because this may be the completely wrong platform for you, for your business. Your people might not even be there, your marketing than what I call the marketing wasteland an area that is completely devoid of potential prospects and customers and leads for your business. Much better alternative to identify your ideal target market, figure out their demographic details like age, gender, income, occupation, and then match it up with what social media platforms appeal to that demographic,. Fortunately, this is not secret knowledge. All you have to do is head over to Google and type in social media demographics. So get a long list of different resources and it'll start linking up men between the ages of this and this are on this platform and women between the ages of this and this are on this platform and this platform appeals to these kind of people, it changes all the time, but there are a few pretty safe bets. For example, if you're in the business to business community, you're selling to other businesses, LinkedIn is kind of a staple. If you're serving a demographic that's 35 or 40 and older, Facebook is still probably your best bet. If on the other hand most of your customers are 35, 30, 25 perhaps we're looking at Instagram, TikTok being the new kid on block does skew younger, but like all social media platforms, all platforms in general, it is aging up and doing so relatively quickly. So you can find people there, twenties, thirties, forties, fifties, and it's continuing age up. Twitter still skews slightly younger and a little more urban, Pinterest still primarily women. YouTube does tend to be kind of neutral territory for all people looking for all things. There's a kicker that you need to make video content of course, more on that in a minute. And then of course there's others that are popular in different countries, different Reddit forums, different WhatsApp groups, Snapchat. If your demographic is much younger, lots of options, too many options, that's why people get confused. See all these options, they think they need to be on all of them. The reality is you're much better off to choose the one or maybe two different platforms where your ideal target market is present and active and then go there ignoring everything else. So let's draw our line and move on. So now that we've figured all that out, the next thing that we need to do is we've gotta figure out what kind of content are we going to make and that leads us to content type. Now what I'm gonna suggest here is that we need to establish a content type that you're going to start with. This may ultimately be or not be where you end up. We're gonna talk about that more in a minute as well. Lots of cliff hangers and open loops in this video. So keep watching, the point is though, is that there is a lot to unpack and where we're gonna start is going to be different than where we end up because I'm gonna give you a couple different options, but some are significantly superior to others. So here's what you've got, you've got text based content, you've got audio content and you've got video content. Arguably, you also have some kind of visual graphical content like infographics and visual diagrams and things like that, but typically they're paired with one of the other kinds of content, you also have different lengths of content, short form and long form content. My suggestion is that pretty much every business out there needs one form of long form content and then you can do whatever short form content you like to feed into it. So long form content for text is obviously a blog. Long form, content for audio is a podcast and long form content for video would be YouTube. Short form content though we're talking about short tweets, we're talking about short captions for Instagram, we're talking about Facebook posts, we're talking about LinkedIn posts, anything like that for text, audio is a little trickier. We're still kind of looking at mostly podcasts, possibly shorter ones. We're taking clips and adding video elements to them. And then short form video is kind of the rage right now. Short form, vertical video. We're looking at Instagram reels, we're looking at YouTube shorts, we're looking at TikTok. So if you don't mind writing, you can start with text if you don't mind speaking, you can do audio. And if you don't mind doing video or getting in front of a camera, finding someone that's willing to get in front of a camera video is by far the best one, but again, we'll talk about that in a minute. So we'll get our arrow there and then let's do our next one, which is mandatory marketing, no exceptions, every business needs to use this, it's email. Yeah, I know. Hoping for something a little sexier myself. But the fact is that email works, it works just as well now if not better than it ever has before because everybody uses email, I use email, you use email, your customers, use email, your doctor, your accountant, your lawyer, everybody that you know has an email address. Not everybody has a social media account. Not everybody accepts SMS or text message marketing or even appreciates it, direct mail, still phenomenally effective, but it's hard to find curated lists, especially for cost effective prices and it's a slightly more advanced and complicated marketing strategy that I wouldn't suggest starting out with, but everybody has email. A bit of a fun fact here, but when I'm working with a brand new business, I'm doing any kind of consulting or teaching, one of the very first things I do, if not the first thing I do is take a look at their overall email marketing strategy strategy. If they don't have a good one, we'll install one. If they have one that's working, okay, we'll upgrade it. And I kid you not, every single time we're able to make substantial and significant increases in profitability, in customer retention, in the number of sales made, it's as close to a magic bullet as we have. So where do you even get started, well, the very first thing you need is some kind of a lead magnet, also known as a bribe or a freebie or a content upgrade. Essentially something that you can give away in exchange for a customer's email address so that they're actually enticed to join your list. I have an example of this that you can check out in the descriptions below or by visiting adamErhart.com/cheatsheet. This is my version of a freebie, of an opt-in guide to get onto the list, alternatively, you can offer your more supportive, more loyal customers and people that are interested in your business, a way to join your newsletter directly kind of bypassing the freebie, which does tend to attract a more loyal subscriber, but your conversion rates are going to be lower cuz you're not necessarily offering something of immediate value in return. For an example of this, you can visit adamErhart.com/newsletter, from there, you need to decide on your email frequency, how often you're going to be emailing your list, whether it's once a week or three times a week. Some people email daily, I've done it in the past. I've kind of found a sweet spot around three to four times a week. Once a week is like your bare minimum. Once every two weeks is unacceptable, once a month, and I don't even know why you have an email list. I mean seriously, let's just run the math for a second. If an email open rate is say 30% for your list and you're emailing once a month, well, it could be months before anybody sees you. And then when they finally do get your email, they've forgotten who you are, so they're likely to A unsubscribe or B, worse mark it is spam and just delete the whole thing. Also, depending on which statistic or study you read, marketing via email has been reported to provide somewhere between a 3800% and 4400% ROI or return on investment. I don't know if my numbers are right around there, but they wouldn't be too far off, it's that good. Long story, short email gotta do it. Okay, moving on to the next one. Essentially, once you've got some of these pieces in place, it's time to start putting things together and that comes in the form of a marketing funnel, also known as a sales funnel, also known as a customer journey or just a funnel. Aptly named because it kind of looks like a funnel with a whole bunch of people coming in at the top and then kind of getting sorted out as they go through the bottom with fewer customers coming out the bottom. And this is a reminder that most won't. I first heard this from Frank Kern who said, most won't. In other words, most people won't click, most people won't subscribe, most people won't buy. And you need to factor that into your marketing and plan accordingly. This is totally okay because most won't but enough will provided you do things, right. Now, what a marketing funnel is really about is mapping out the customer journey, Taking someone who has no idea who you are and walking them through all of the steps in order to become a lifelong and loyal customer, a brand ambassador, someone that loves you, loves what you do, wants to tell everyone about just how great you are, and you are pretty great. Now, the opposite of having a marketing funnel is just having nothing. I don't know what the opposite of a funnel would be. Like a like a plate. You just pour stuff on it splashes everywhere. Sadly, most people have marketing plates, in other words, they just take all of the traffic and all of the leads and they just dump 'em somewhere typically on their homepage, meaning that someone shows up at your website's homepage, they have no idea what they're doing, they don't know where to go. They might click the contact button, but there's a weird form and they don't know if they want to do that yet cuz they just met you and it's kind of pushy. Let's slow down here. So they kind of skirt around a little bit and then they bounce, which is marketer term for leave and never come back. Again depending on what statistic you use. The vast majority of visitors to a website that click the back button never return, somewhere around the range of 98 to 99%. "Where are they going?" You might ask. And let me tell you, they're going to your competitors that actually have a funnel, something that says, "Hey, you're new here. Let's start here, let me give you this thing. Let me nurture you and provide you some value. Let me follow up, see if you have any questions, and let me continue offering you the next step in the process in order to becoming a customer." Now, the best advice that I can offer in a short period of time when it comes to mapping your marketing funnel is to start at the end like we did with your goals and then reverse engineer the process, so in other words, for someone to make a sale, well, what needs to happen before that? Maybe it's visit a sales page, okay, well, what needs to happen before they visit a sales page? It's like, okay, well they need to click a link. Okay, well, what needs to happen for them to click a link? Are they getting it through content or through email? And then if they got on your email, how are they getting on your email? And essentially you can just work your way backwards through the process, and then once it's all mapped out, that's where things get really exciting. Yeah, kind of nerdy about this stuff because once it's mapped out, now you can start looking for gaps, for leaks in your funnel. You can start finding areas where you're losing people through some random mistake or messaging that just doesn't quite line up, for example, if everybody's clicking over to your sales page but nobody's opting in or nobody's buying, well, now we know we have a conversion issue on the sales page, on the other hand, if people are joining your email list but then never opening any of your emails, well, now we know we have an issue with congruence between what was promised and what's being delivered, or perhaps we're just collecting bad emails. Or if we map it all the way out and we get to the sales call and we realize that we're only closing one in four or one in five when we should be closing one in three or one in two, well now we know we can start looking at that and we can look at all of the steps up to it. And was there a congruence issue, again, were there pricing expectations? Were there other objections and sales issues that we could have overcome in our marketing prior? What's really cool about this is that we make a small tweak over here and we increase conversions by 2% and we increase that one by 3% and that one by 1%, well, it's not like we're adding these things up just one after another, they compound. So an increase by 3% here could lead to 10 or 20 or 30 more sales, which could then lead to thousands or tens of thousands or even millions more dollars in revenue at the end. Speaking of revenue, next step here after our funnel is CLV, which stands for Customer Lifetime Value, sometimes referred to as LTV for Lifetime Value or LCV for Lifetime Customer Value, whatever it is, it's pretty much all the same thing, which what is the value of a customer to your business over their lifetime period? Now, some people look at this in revenue, some people look at it in profit. I typically like to look at it in profit, but it depends on the formula that we're looking at. The point is, if you've never done this before, this is an incredibly powerful exercise to run through to figure out just how valuable someone is to your business. And I'm willing to bet regardless of what business or market or industry you're in, it's significantly higher than you thought, which means that you now have permission to do significantly more marketing and invest in significantly more content because you know just how profitable and how valuable new customers and new clients and new sales are for your business, so that's step one, figure out what is your CLV, after that, you need to find ways to encourage and increase retention. The number of clients and customers that you're going to keep, the length of time that you're going to keep them, and then finding other ways to increase that Customer Lifetime Value, either by selling them more things, by selling them more things more often, by increasing the price, by providing upsells and down sales and cross sales, essentially other ways and other opportunities to solve problems that they have. And that's an important point to make here. What we're doing with our marketing and with our offers is we're solving problems that they have and when we solve a big enough problem, we're rewarded in direct proportion to the value of the problem we solve. This is why some people make a whole lot of money. It's because they solve big problems and some people struggle to make any money at all because they're just not solving enough problems for enough people, or they're not solving big enough problems for enough people, okay, so that is CLV, and what you may notice is that is kind of the final ring of our concentric expanding circles, right, moving all the way out, but we still have one left. And the reason that I almost didn't want to give it a ring of its own, but rather have it sort of circle the whole thing is because especially today, especially now in moving into the future, it's so important that it almost needs to overlap and encompass everything else that we're doing. This is going to support all of the marketing of your offer. It's going to help move you to towards your goals faster than you ever thought. It's appealing to every target market. More people consume this kind of content than anything else. Basically checks the box for being able to clearly articulate miracles and miseries, it works with almost every single platform, which means we can put it in front of people and where they're present and active online, it's the best content type, we can embed it in email, it works as part of the funnel, so on and so forth. Probably no surprise here that the final piece of the puzzle is video. Essentially, the big question that you want to ask yourself here is how can you supercharge everything you're doing with a video marketing strategy? Now, clearly for long form video. Youtube is the best place to do it, that said, I appreciate that if you've never done video marketing before, if you are just getting started, you're not comfortable in front of a camera. That's a pretty big ask. So we can put that on the back burner for now, and there are a lot smaller and somewhat still very effective steps that you can take leading up to this inevitable conclusion. Number one, start with stories. Grab your phone, look into it, hit record. Go live for like 15 or 30 seconds and share some kind of valuable tip or insight or story or something that's going on, very low barrier, no editing required. Raw and authentic will beat overly produced and polished every single day of the week. If you feel like taking it up a step further, do more of them once, twice, three, four times even a day isn't a bad strategy. You can do them on Instagram, you can do them on Facebook, you can do them on a number of different platforms as well, depending on subscriber counts and what rules are coming and going. But stories are a great way to sort of dip your toes into the water and get started. Next If you're willing to take it that next step further, and you want to capitalize on all of the available organic reach right now, short form vertical content is still going to be your best bet. These are things like Instagram reels and TikTok and YouTube shorts. The length of these varies, different platforms tend to have preferences for different length videos, but typically we're looking at 15 to 30 seconds, 30 to 60 seconds, somewhere around that range. So what's something that you can talk about for 30 to 60 seconds? I'm willing to bet that if you've been in business for any length of time or you have any sort of passion or interest in what you're doing, there's a lot of stuff that you could share that other people would be interested in hearing about, of course, if you really want to dominate your space, become the leader in your industry, then YouTube is clearly going to be the winner here for longform video content, so don't be afraid to test it out. Upload a few bad videos at first, I mean, the beauty of just getting started is nobody's really around to watch your stuff, so you get a chance to sort of practice and experiment a little bit without all the judgment of the internet. Looking back on my first videos, they were awkward and incredibly sweaty, and I was super nervous and I didn't know how to use a camera, so it's kind of blurry, and I didn't know how to use a microphone, so it only came outta one side, yeah, it was, it was rough. But the point is that practice does make progress and you've gotta start somewhere in order to get better, all that said, there are still seven more tactics and strategies and tricks and hacks that I didn't have a chance to get to in this video. So that's why I've linked up a video right here with seven of the most proven and effective marketing strategies for you to take a look at right now. So make sure to hop in there and I'll see you in the next video. Understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today, will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it, get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [85 likes]: ⚡ Start Your Extended 30-Day HighLevel Trial
Get the exact system, templates & automations I use:
https://adamerhart.co/3MYeRMM

👉 Want the full AI Agency setup?
Free course + $8,273 in bonuses:
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2
  2. @granny132ooz [14 likes]: most of these methods are inside those 2 gems I read. first is the sales page effect - tom gvinadi, and second one is 1m offer - alex hormozi.
  3. @PhelistersNyahiri [2 likes]: Glad i learned something….Hope to expand more using these strategies
  4. @MarkOhlendorf [1 likes]: Very good ❤🎉
  5. @shyannrobertson3570 [1 likes]: I do car freshener
  6. @MoneyPuppyPenny: the thing that took me the longest to learn is the thing nobody talks about publicly
  7. @createwithjolie: 🙌🙌
  8. @shraddha_koli: 🔥 this one got that okay fine just one more replay energy 😭🔥
  9. @HWL_tech_mods: this was edited in a way that never let the energy drop 😭 every cut actually matched the vibe instead of feeling random, which made it way more satisfying to watch
  10. @RobertReuben-c9g: Please u are too fast in talking and bearly hear wat u are saying .....if u are teaching people are u not suppose to be talking small small 
..instead u are just going fast fast like water.
  11. @RobertReuben-c9g: Please u are too fast in talking and bearly hear wat u are saying .....if u are teaching people are u not suppose to be talking small small 
..instead u are just going fast fast like water.
  12. @WebsiteRanking-y8y: This is absolutely fantastic ❤🎉
  13. @JeddManzo: Hi I'm so thankful for this video I'm trying to start an online shop
  14. @unseenhours26: Well I wanna help a business grow but I am just new to all this. It's a small sweets business, and it is decent but I'd like to see it grow and earn more money. Got any tips what I should do?
  15. @nills2gills811: Best A to Z video. If you wrote a book I would buy it
  16. @ahmedbilal8079: This was unbelievably satisfying to watch!
  17. @Wolf-RüdigerKotte: This one was really usefull for me
  18. @BrendaMukami-q2h: You have summarized what I have been learning for 4 years.. I really love your work
  19. @VAPromo-agency: Looks like the recap of the fundamentals of marketing 😳
  20. @minecraftmontages4460: I recently started a bin cleaning business called “bin bath cleaning” and this video really helped appreciate it

- How To Master Paid Social Media Advertising Like A Pro: Kind: captions Language: en - You know, couch, I love you, but what have you done for me lately? (laughs) You know what I'm saying? Why don't we switch it up a bit? (clicks) Nice! Advertising on social media is one of the easiest ways to supercharge sales for any business and boost the reputation of any brand. If you're not running ads on social media, odds are that your competition is. What's up? It's Jamal from HubSpot. To help you stay competitive, this video's gonna teach you some of the best practices for succeeding in social media advertising, so that every dollar you spend comes back in the form of bigger business and better profits. To help make the most of this advice, you're gonna wanna download our free advertising planning kit. You can find the link in the description below, and while you're down there, just a suggestion, be sure to click the subscribe button and select the notification bell so that you never miss a chance to learn more about digital marketing. Let's get it. Before you can start advertising on social media, all right, you need to decide which platform you should be advertising on. That might seem obvious. You might be like, Jamal, why is this even a tip? Well, a lot of businesses fail to consider this fundamental decision, unfortunately. I see a lot of ads on one social media site that would probably perform better on a different platform depending on the business and the audience. For example, running ads on Instagram probably makes sense if you sell a B2C product, especially in health, beauty and fashion. But B2B ads are usually better suited for platforms like LinkedIn or Twitter, where users are in a more professional or analytical mindset. You know what you got to do with that mindset? You got to turn that mindset into a grind set. (Jamal yells manfully) At the same time, don't let bias affect your decision. Most people think of TikTok as a platform for just the young people, like me. And that was true in like, I don't know, 2018, but the most recent numbers show TikTok users aged 10 all the way up to 50 in almost even numbers. And you can target users by age. So if your demographic is say, 30 and older, you can prevent users under 30 from seeing your ad. At the same time, TikTok is a fun and lighthearted platform, so whatever you're selling, the tone of the ad should match the feeling of the app. Most social media users spend time on multiple apps each day. They can start the day off by checking Twitter for news, pop into LinkedIn during the workday, then relax with some Instagram eye candy before bed. So before you begin advertising, you wanna figure out where your message will be the best received. HubSpot has a whole article breaking down which social media networks you should advertise on in 2021. You definitely want to click the link, but not until after I reveal a few more essential best practices. Now there's some eager beavers right now being like, I gotta get outta here, I gotta go. Calm down, all right. There's more video, more learning. Come with me. The next one is to define your business goals. No matter where on social media your target audience is hanging, that platform will offer tools optimized for specific outcomes. There's a good chance you wanna increase direct sales or signups, but you might also want to leverage social media to promote your content marketing. Yes, the end result is the same, but determining where you want social media ads to feed into your sales funnel can make a big difference in how you design and target your ads. And the last thing you'll need to do before you start running ads is to select any third-party tools to help you run your campaigns. All major platforms offer robust native ad systems, and it can be easy to start off there, but there are tons of third-party apps and integrations that can help you maximize the effectiveness and efficiency of your campaigns, especially as they grow. Like a little Chia pet. (llama bleats) You know what I'm saying? You put in a little water and then whoop, and the water is the third-party app. It's a great metaphor that I just gave you. You're welcome. It's easier to start with the right tools in the beginning than to try to migrate later on as your needs grow. For example, HubSpot's free marketing hub allows you to run ads on Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Pretty nifty. And there are third-party integrations that can connect HubSpot to Twitter ads, as well. Later, as your business grows, having your social media ads connected to HubSpot will make it easier to start using more advanced advertising methods that can connect to your HubSpot CRM. So, start small with free ad features, and as you grow, HubSpot grows with you. Even if you're already advertising on social media, it's not too late to bring HubSpot's free tools into the mix. What's important is that before you run any more ads, you consider all three of the best practices we've talked about so far, while moving forward. Those are choosing a social media platform that best matches your target audience, defining the business goals you want to achieve with your ads, and signing up for the right tools Now that you've done this planning, we can actually start running ads. It's about time. And as you can guess, there are lots of best practices that you can implement to make advertising easy and effective. I'm gonna keep these relevant to every platform, so no matter what you decide in the preparation steps, these tips will work for you. Let's start with ad creative. One best practice is to integrate platform native content tools into your advertising. Let me show you some examples. This promoted Denny's tweet uses Twitter's built-in polling tool to get users thinking about delicious food, while this poll by Evernote gets users thinking about possible ways to use the productivity tool. Instagram users love to interact with the stickers that can be added onto reels. The sponsored reel uses the question sticker to engage the audience. In addition to the swipe up CTA to bring the user into the sales funnel, the link leads directly to a landing page for the offer being advertised. This is another best practice for social media advertising. Always point to the relevant landing page. Not only does this prevent the customer from having to search for the offer on your site, it also increases your ad score on Facebook and Instagram, which leads to lower costs per click. And I'm sure there's someone out there saying to themselves, I sure would love a higher cost per click. And to that person, I say, what is wrong with you? Genuinely, I am concerned. Now, are you ready for the best part? Remember when I told you that you can run your social media advertising campaigns via HubSpot's free marketing hub? Well, that same free suite of tools includes a free landing page builder. So you can create a custom page to direct your customers to when they click on your social media. You can also set pixels to track the ROI of your Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn advertising with precision. Pixels just go, boop, boop, boop, and then you get your sales. That's how it works. And since we're now talking about return on investment, here's another social media advertising best practice. When it comes to promoting your social media content, not all of it is created equal. In fact, it's been shown that the top 1 to 3% of content delivers more than 70% of your total content value. Marketers are constantly creating content to be shared on social media and in doing so, it quickly becomes a test ground to discover which pieces of content are resonating with your audience. So when you find content that works, go ahead and double down, triple down, heck, and not to be crazy here, quadruple down, all right, by putting advertising dollars behind it, to boost the signal and promote the post. You'll know when it's time to move on when the ROI starts to diminish. But until then, spend, spend and uh, why don't you spend some more. And even when the numbers dip, try reformatting the same content and spend some more, but when it comes to effective you have to balance your creative instincts with what works (yells and laughs) and boosting of the best content works. You have to test your ads to make sure you're getting the best possible performance from a campaign. Fortunately, social media ad tools make this easy by letting you run multiple versions of an ad in a single campaign. You can test different ad copy, visual elements and CTA all in a single campaign. Just be sure not to run too many variations, otherwise you won't know which parts possibly affect your ad. So to review your social media best practices. Start with pre-ad decisions, choosing the best social media platform for your audience. Find your business goals and select the best ad management tool. Next you wanna use paid social media to promote your unicorn content and use content features native to the platform to boost engagement for your ads. And finally, create custom landing pages for your social media ads and test variations of those ads to find the formula for success. If you're ready to learn more about social media advertising, you can sign up below for our free Online Digital Advertising 101 course at HubSpot Academy. And keep watching more HubSpot marketing videos for tips on creating Instagram ads and mastering Google ad copy. And don't forget to subscribe to this channel for more strategies, hacks and best practices when it comes to digital marketing. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go try to unravel this. I don't know. I feel like this is either one really long thing or two things put together. You know what I mean? (burps quietly) Oh, that was disgusting. I'm so sorry. I'm not sorry, but I won't do it again. For now.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HubSpotMarketing [12 likes]: Free Download: Social Media Advertising plan kit: https://clickhubspot.com/62q
  2. @marketmaxx77 [1 likes]: bro the amount of fake ads in this comment section is crazy😂😂especially for a brand this big
  3. @jacksonmortensen529 [1 likes]: corny aaah intro
  4. @iyararonson [1 likes]: Jamal, you've turned paid social from a mystery into a mission! Your actionable insights and high energy are exactly what I needed to get started. Thanks for making it feel so achievable!
  5. @GenciFrashëri-p5m: Love the way you explain things, very clear and professional.
  6. @Luke-w7f: Great insights. Paid social really comes down to testing creatives, understanding the audience, and optimizing based on data—not just boosting posts. This was a very practical breakdown.
  7. @Africangirlie_Leo: Very insightful.
And he's so handsome and goofy guysss😂❤
  8. @nandalaldebbarma4352: ❤❤❤❤
  9. @gabrielaf8139: Skip the comedy bro
  10. @DaybeCommerce: We’ve been running paid social for real clients — some of the biggest wins came from small strategy tweaks. Shared a few of them on our channel if anyone’s looking to level up!
  11. @YTUBMAKER: Wow he is great!  Smart and funny... He found the right balance. Must be the confidence.
  12. @AmandaPlum: Jamal's energy and actionable advice have turned my paid social media fears into fuel! Time to stop overthinking and start implementing these strategies.
  13. @charelin-y4j: Jamal's energy is unmatched! This video is packed with actionable advice and a serious dose of motivation—I'm ready to crush these campaigns.
  14. @tohlze2804: I need anyone that can help me with ads please
  15. @rejoicebless: Where will i learn how to run ads on this platforms professionally
  16. @kelchsnead: Jamal, your energy is contagious and your explanations are so clear! I'm actually excited to start implementing these strategies and see what happens. Thanks for making paid social feel attainable!
  17. @fairuzawold: Jamal, you're a game-changer! Your clear explanations and contagious enthusiasm have finally made paid social seem achievable – time to put these strategies to work.
  18. @DennaHeidel: Jamal, your passion and clear explanations are seriously motivating! You've broken down complex strategies into actionable steps that make paid social feel less intimidating and more like a real opportunity. Thanks for empowering us to take control!
  19. @headleighstevens: Jamal, you've got a gift for making complex topics easy to understand! Your enthusiasm is contagious, and I'm feeling ready to dive in and put these strategies to work. Thanks for the inspiration!
  20. @fidan-n4x: Jamal, another banger! Your breakdowns are so clear and actionable, and your enthusiasm is seriously motivating. Thanks for making paid social feel less overwhelming and more like a real opportunity.

- DON’T Use One Facebook Ads Campaign (Do This Instead): Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook ads, then you've probably heard about the one campaign method, a method that claims to be so good that all you need to do is throw all your ads in one ad set inside just one campaign. Now, as with most things, this is in fact too good to be true, and I'm going to completely debunk this strategy as someone who has spent over half a billion dollars in ads across 80 accounts that we manage at The Moonlight Ers and has driven well north of a billion and a half dollars in revenue for the clients that we manage and throughout my 10-year marketing career. In this video, I'm also going to show you exactly how you can set up your campaigns while using some of the methodology of the one campaign method, but not actually just using one campaign. So, I'll break down each of the campaigns that you need. I'll share exactly precisely why you need them, and we're going to debunk some of the issues right now because I don't want to see hundreds and hundreds of advertisers wasting cash at the wrong place at the wrong time, which you absolutely will do with a one campaign method. First things first, let me show you the one campaign method and why it completely does not work. Okay, so this first account is using the one campaign method. Now, in this case, this brand is doing quite well with it, but they could be doing so much better, and that's the key thing we need to understand. When we look inside this account, we see a single campaign that's been active for this period. It spent $128,000, which is a lot of money. It's driven 4,900 purchases at a $26 cost per acquisition to drive over half a million dollars in revenue at a ROAS of 4.39. So, really, really good metrics. However, the devil is in the details as it usually is because when we just do two breakdowns, we completely debunk this method 100%. So, first things first, what we need to look at is our audience segments. So, if you go to breakdowns and audience segments, we're now going to see the distinction between new audiences here, existing customers, and engaged customers. Now, if you don't already know what these are, I highly recommend setting them up. This is going to show you, if set up correctly, where you're spending your money on new audiences versus existing customers versus engaged customers. And you can see in this case, around $55,000 is being spent on engaged and existing customers, where new audiences spends $73,000. And because this is just using one campaign, Facebook has the ability to freely shift your budget from new audiences to existing customers to engage customers. You have absolutely no control over who specifically is receiving what ads, and way more important than that, you have no control over how much spend your existing versus your engaged versus your new audiences are spending. Now, on top of this being an issue, the more important question strategy work tremendously well for? If you're a brand spending $10,000 plus a day, even 20, 30, 40,000 dollars plus a day, this could actually work. And the reason this could work is because as you spend more and more and more, Facebook can't just keep hitting your existing customers. They have to go find new customers. But if you're one of those businesses that's spending $500 a day, $1,000 a day, $2,000 a day, Facebook is going to overspend like crazy on your existing and your engaged customers. Imagine if you were this brand right here that I have on screen, and you thought for sure that when you're putting money into your prospecting campaign, you think you're spending on more new customers and new customers, but in actuality, you continue to spend on engaged and existing customers. And I'm going to show you one more breakdown that proves this even further. When we go to our column set, we go to compare attribution settings, and we click incremental attribution. Now, what incremental attribution shows us is which conversions happened because of Facebook ads. This is not accounting for people who would have converted without these ads, and I think this is a very, very important distinction to make, especially in this campaign setup. Reason being is very clear. So, if you look first at our return on ad spend new audiences right here, the first thing you would think is it's only at a 3.3 compared to existing at a six and engaged at a 5.4. Therefore, you should absolutely spend more on engaged and existing, right? Cuz that's where you're getting your highest ROI. Now, that's debatable in and of itself, but let's ignore that argument for a second. When we use incremental attribution, incrementally, our engaged audience only drives a two all the way down from a 5.4. That's a 66% reduction. And our existing customers only drive a 1.3. That is a massive 80% plus reduction in return on ad spend, where our new audience, of course, it drops. It drops from 3.3 to 1.6, which is a 50% reduction, but it is the least reduced of them all. So, where do we actually want to spend our money? We actually want to spend our money on new audiences and engaged audiences. We are way overspending on existing customers. And the final thing I'll show you to absolutely validate this is our reach to impressions ratio. Look at our existing customers and our engaged customers. They cap out at 165,000 and 155,000, which means our frequencies on these are really high, which we can see right here. Our frequency is eight on engaged customers and 14.8 on existing customers, where our new audiences are only getting hit on average five times, and we're able to reach an entire new market of 1.75 million people. Okay, so what should you do? What is the actual best strategy that aligns with Andromeda, that aligns with some parts of the one campaign method, but ultimately doesn't ever put you in this situation where you're way overspending on existing customers, way overspending on engaged customers. Now, first thing I'll say is if you are one of those huge brands spending $20,000 a day, go ahead and try something like this because you will be able to outpace and spend a whole lot more on new customers. It is the businesses that are spending $1,000 a day, $500 a day that are going to get wrecked by this strategy. They might get higher return on ad spends in a very short period of time and then get toasted because they're not acquiring new customers, which if you don't look at these breakdowns, you're never going to know. So, what would I suggest? What do we do here at The Moonlight Ers? I'm going to show you the inside of an account and exactly how we run it. We run all of our accounts on a modular setup. We call this the M3 method. Now, the first part of the M3 method is structure, and that structure always has swim lanes. Swim lanes are so important. We have clear prospecting, clear retargeting, and clear retention. I don't want anyone to get this confused with top of funnel, middle funnel, bottom funnel because it is very different. We are not curating creative to different parts of the funnel. We are not saying that the user starts here and works their way down the funnel eventually purchasing all the way at the bottom of the funnel. What we are saying is that we want to treat new customer acquisition, engaged acquisition, and existing customer retention as three different swim lanes. So, how do we actually set this up? We're going to work backwards. We're going to start with our retention-based campaign setups, retargeting next, and then prospecting finally, which is the biggest, most important thing you need to focus on. Starting at retention. Inside the retention campaign, you're generally only going to have a few different packs or a few different ad sets. In this case, we have one cuz we're not spending that much on retention. Now, the most important thing on retention is that we have all-time purchasers and 180-day purchasers mixed together. That's your Klaviyo audience combined with your pixel audience. I'll show you exactly what that looks like. Inside the ad set, if we scroll down to our audience section, first things first, you're going to notice Advantage Plus is off. Next thing is we have our location set up properly, our ages are wide, our genders are all on, and we are including purchasers 180 days and our two lists from Klaviyo, which are our Klaviyo purchasers 180 and our Klaviyo purchasers all time. You'll notice also we do not select use as a suggestion, and that's it. That is our entire setup of retention. We're just putting all of our creatives into this as long as they apply to existing customers. For example, we're not going to be putting in, you know, new customer offers within here, but we are going to put in new products, new arrivals, anything that's specifically curated to existing customers or just best sellers for them to keep coming back and buy again. The next campaign is retargeting. Now, retargeting gets slightly more complex. We have three active campaigns that are recommended campaigns for retargeting. Again, you can go beyond this, but these are our initial recommendations. Every brand is slightly unique. In this case, we have add to cart 90 days, website visitors 30 days, and then Instagram plus Facebook engagers over the last 14 days. These are really, really important because they cover the base of who's engaged with our brand in a short period of time. You have your add to carts, anyone who's actually gotten to the very bottom of the funnel and actually added a product to cart. You have your website visitors over the last 30 days, and then finally, you have anyone who's interacted on your Instagram posts and even your ads over the last two weeks. Now, I'll just show you one of these audiences so you have a better idea of what exclusions we set in place. You'll notice right off the bat, our audience definition is going to be narrow. That's cuz we are strictly targeting a very small cohort. And if we go down to the audience, Advantage Plus is off. We have our custom audiences inclusions and exclusions. Our inclusions are our Klaviyo website visitors and our website visitors, so that's a hard list from your CRM plus your normal website pixel 30 days, and we are excluding purchasers 180 days, purchasers 180 from Klaviyo, and purchasers all time from Klaviyo. And then finally, we are never using the use as a suggestion because that would take this audience and completely ignore all the exclusions, completely ignore all the targeting. We want to uncheck this box. And then finally, last but not least, the prospecting CBO. Now, we were just talking about that one campaign method. The one campaign method has a great philosophy behind it. It's a philosophy that you could just throw all your ads together and create a hyper competitive environment. And if you've been watching my content for the last 2 years, I have been stressing the importance of a hyper competitive environment. It has never ever ever been more important, especially with Andromeda, to put all your creatives in a competitive place. And that's exactly what we do in our prospecting CBO. The prospecting CBO is set up in such a way where we have dozens of packs. And you could see this right here. This is someone's account on my team who's doing this perfectly perfectly well. You could see one pack has spent the majority of the cash because those are the winners. And the cool thing about this is this is not the first pack we launched, right? In fact, there's dozens of other packs that we've tested. So, the way that we set this up is very simple. We have a primary prospecting CBO campaign. And every time we launch new creatives, those get launched into a new ad set, aka a new pack. Now, this whiteboard is something you may have seen before. And I really really want to focus this on the prospecting campaign. If we scroll into this prospecting campaign, I want to explain why this is hyper competitive and why this actually does exactly what the one campaign method is supposed to do. In this environment, what you have are individual packs. And every time you launch new creative, you launch a new pack. The winning ads rise to the top naturally. And the losing ads get very very little spend. And most of the time, we actually keep those ads active. That's your choice if you want to pause those ads that are only getting a few dollars in spend, or if you want to continue to keep them active. The great part about this setup and why I like it more is because the ads each have learnings. And every time you add a new ad to an existing ad set, you exchange the learnings. Meaning, we add a new ad up here. And then suddenly, the budget needs to be distributed to not only these four creatives, but an additional ad in the mix. That's what happens in the one campaign method. The reason we always launch new ads in a new pack is because they don't interfere with any budget allocation only on the campaign level. So, we're not interfering with any audience learnings, which are happening on the ad set levels. We're only interfering with campaign budget optimization, which is literally the function of campaign budget optimization is to add more ads so that it could spend the cash in the appropriate best performing spot for you. The other big key difference of this campaign structure is that it allows you to easily graduate winners to the top. So, in this setup, we graduate winners in two places. If you have a winning ad, a killer ad, you graduate that into the winners bucket, which goes into two spots. It goes into the scale campaign at the top of the account, and it goes into interest groups, single interest ad sets, which increases the efficiency of the broad ad sets because it actually finds new pockets of audiences that expand your total broad audience again and again and again. Now, keep in mind, every single strategy can change. Every single strategy will change. I have changed my strategy on this channel right here over the last 2 years with a little tweaks and modifications based on the millions and millions and millions of dollars that we spend across our entire client portfolio here at The Moonlighters. So, look, if you want a real pro that's actually going to take the learnings across dozens and dozens of different ad accounts that we manage at The Moonlighters to make sure you never misstep, you never implement the wrong strategy, you never kill what's already working, and that you can get your hands off of ads management within your business, then click the link down below in the description. And by the way, I also have a link to my entire M3 method, which breaks down this structure plus M2 plus M3, which you can get 100% for free, again, down in the description. If you have any questions, let me know in the comments below, and I will see you all in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamPiliero [1 likes]: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l107
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l107
  2. @Samu-pl1jh [1 likes]: Is this structure also recommended for lead gen? Multiple people here already asked that question, would highly appreciate an answer! 🙏
  3. @meloneyduke [1 likes]: This is a game changer strategy! Thank you for sharing ❤
  4. @billjones7677: So for each ad set pack, let’s say there’s 3 creatives in each.  And I have 3 as sets. So 9 creatives total. Should I set the budget on campaign level and let it decide between all 3 as sets and 9 creatives?

Also, is it smart to have similar structured ads per ad set with slight differences to see which version is best?
  5. @Insightful_Pipe_MCP_Connectors: Perfect
  6. @solidz_shadowxx4478: Will this work for real estate
  7. @vamseereddy571: I see what your saying...
but here I am with my 1 campaign and my prospecting ads have daily frequency of 1.05 or less, so what am I concerned about here?
  8. @ahmedmehmood293: Well the debunk never tell about how much ROAS the existing and engaged customers generated, higher than new ones..so I think it's working perfectly fine
  9. @Mark-so2tg: is the 3-2-2 method the best lead gen for service based businesses? 3 creatives 2 headline 2 primary texts, in one ad?
  10. @yooabduls.spacejam: But wont testing six ads at once mess with the client's mindset.
  11. @Garo_Tcherpachian: audience learning happens at the campaign ...
  12. @thejeansguy: This probably seems like a dumb question but is your claim that for every $1 spent your clients averaged $3 in revenue?
  13. @manvendrachaudhary401: Just exclude the existing customers from your OCM. One Campaign Method is Isane in Every Way.
  14. @EliteBrandswithDanNikas: As someone who’s managed accounts at different spend levels, this is such an important nuance that most advertisers miss.

The “one campaign” idea sounds efficient — and in high-spend environments it can work — but for brands under $2–3k/day, it’s usually a shortcut to distorted data.

What really stood out to me here was the incremental attribution breakdown. That’s the piece most people ignore. On-platform ROAS looks great when you’re recycling engaged and existing audiences… but if incremental drops 60–80%, you’re not scaling — you’re just harvesting demand that was already there.

Separating prospecting, retargeting, and retention isn’t about overcomplicating structure. It’s about controlling capital allocation:

How much are we investing in net-new customer acquisition?

How much are we monetizing warm traffic?

How often are we tapping existing buyers?

When Facebook has full freedom inside one campaign, it will optimize for the easiest conversions — not necessarily the most strategic growth.

I also like the modular “pack” approach inside prospecting. You still get that hyper-competitive creative environment (which is critical), but without blowing up learnings every time you add a new ad.

At the end of the day, structure should match scale.
Enterprise playbooks don’t always translate to $500–$2k/day brands.

This is the kind of breakdown that saves people months of “good-looking” results that don’t actually move the business forward.
  15. @hevra5991: I do not see High performing or high performance badges on any of your campaigns? Is that Normal?
  16. @Flightcoach: Loved it! But what do you mean by "graduate to" near the end. Is that an automated proces? How do you set that up?❤
  17. @Dulyman_1: 0:05 I find it hilarious you don't know how to address the existing vs new customers.
  18. @wisebodyafter60: Awesome content.
  19. @lanaleksandra: im so confused, because I was coached by 9 figure ecom experts that MEta does retargeting right now, and I dont need to add any rules like 'people who added to cart'
  20. @adspoc: I have a product, a digital product, Single product nothing else. I made 3 ad copies. Ran a broad campaign, Found an obvious winner. Duplicated into a new campaign and used that single winner, Its running. Its ok. I made the second campaign learning from the adcopy of the first, similar broad. it seems to be running as well. its ok nothing great. I made a third campaign learning from both the ad copies, well its running as well. 3 Campaign, 3 Winning adcopies. All Broad. They perform good alone but as i add more campaigns they dont perform as well. they dont perform as i scale.  I am just not able to scale. my final attempt :  I envisioned a single campaign with 3 of my winners and hoped i would get tons of sales on each ad copy.

- 6 Expert Tips To Get More Google Ads Sales: Kind: captions Language: en Most Google advertisers are obsessed with getting cheaper clicks, but cheaper clicks don't pay the bills. [screaming] In this video, I'm going to show you several Google Ads tricks that can increase your sales, often without increasing your budget at all. My team and I manage millions in Google Ad Spend, and these are the exact kinds of strategies that we use across real client accounts every [music] single day. So, everything I'm going to show you in this video is based on what actually works in practice, not just what Google recommends. Number one, stop optimizing for clicks. Businesses very often optimize for the wrong things when it comes to their Google ad campaigns. They might be optimizing for the lowest cost per click possible or the highest CTR possible or a combination of the two, thinking that if I get lots of really cheap clicks and a really high click-through rate, I'm going to end up with lots of traffic and that traffic is bound to go on to become leads to convert into sales, etc., etc. But often it doesn't work that way. Google performs best when it is fed actual business outcomes and is optimizing for an actual business outcome. Because you can have an ad campaign with a really high click-through rate that still produces terrible results that whether people, yes, they're clicking on your ads, but they're not going through to purchase. They're not going through to become leads, right? Cheap clicks are often lower quality. They're lower intent. That's why they're cheap because other advertisers don't want them as much. And you always need to bring it back to the most important things for your business, right? So from your Google ad campaigns, what do you really want? Revenue. Revenue is more important even than the number of conversions you're generating and certainly more important than the number of clicks generating. So how can we implement this in reality? What's like the tactical advice here? So firstly, make sure you've got proper conversion tracking set up. You want to be tracking browser and server conversions. You want to make sure that Google can see the revenue that you're generating from your ad campaigns. Certainly not just clicks, not even conversions ideally. So import offline conversion data. If you're generating leads, for example, you can integrate your CRM, make sure that's kept up to date, and Google can see which leads converted and how valuable they were when they converted requires a bit more effort, but having that data come back into your Google ad account is incredibly important. And of course, use valuebased bidding where appropriate. So maximize conversions is a decent bidding strategy. Maximize conversion value is often more powerful. And either of those are much much better than maximizing the number of clicks or impressions or one of the other bidding strategies. Right? So to really drive this home, I've got a couple of examples. Would you prefer campaign A, lots of cheap clicks but low conversion rate, not many sales, or campaign B where you're getting fewer number of clicks. They cost a lot. They're very expensive, but you're getting a much better return on ad spend. Now, obviously, everyone wants to go with option B, but I still see Google ad accounts optimizing for option A all the time. And that relationship very often is the case. The cheaper clicks are the ones that fewer advertisers want that are less valuable to your business, less likely to convert. The more expensive ones, the ones with higher purchase intent, for example, are normally the ones that convert better and deliver a better return on ad spend. Just want to remember always that Google Ads becomes dramatically smarter when you optimize for real business outcomes, what you really want and make sure that Google can see who is converting into a real business outcome, revenue, not even just conversions, but actual money and who isn't. Number two is to use high intent search terms because intent when it comes to advertising on search is everything. It's really, really important. Just think about the difference between someone searching for running shoes versus someone else searching for men's running shoes, size 10 for sale. Like which of those searches do you think is more likely to convert. The difference is absolutely massive. So the trick here is to focus on keywords and search terms with more commercial intent. I'll give you some examples. Searches that include the word buy, pricing, near me, a great one for local businesses, service, quote, even best. If someone's searching for the best, they're often closer to making a purchase than someone that's just doing research. So, what I'd recommend you do is look to add those in wherever possible. Specifically, target them. Also, check your search terms report to see where searches come up that include some of those higher commercial intent keywords and see what the conversion rate is. You'll almost certainly see a higher conversion rate. And it's important to be aware that whilst there are universal search terms and words that you can include within searches that that demonstrate high commercial intent, it's also going to vary between businesses. So the way you sort of work this out for your specific industry, for your specific business, is is you want to really look at your search terms report very often and really pay attention to it, right? Like find the high converting phrases, ones that maybe you wouldn't expect. Look to add those in specifically if you're not already targeting those. You don't actually have those keywords. It might be that sometimes you see a phrase that's converting particularly well in your search terms report and you think, "Yeah, we could build out a whole ad group that sort of focuses on that angle a little bit more." Look to add those in. Make sure that you do the inverse of that. So irrelevant terms that come up that aren't converting very well, get those in as negatives so you're not paying to be putting your ads in front of people searching for those. Just remember that the closer someone already is to making a purchase, like the less convincing your ad and your landing page has to do. Number three is to use remarketing properly. Now, most people don't buy something immediately, particularly if whatever you sell isn't an impulse purchase. They might take a bit of time. They might look at a few different options. So, remarketing, putting your ads in front of people that have already interacted with your business in some way. Maybe they've come through to your website, checked out your products or services is where a lot of profitability comes from because those conversions are typically less expensive. But it is really important to put ads in front of those people so they don't slip through the net or end up purchasing from a competitor. So when you are remarketing, one of the things I'd recommend is to try and use different messaging and try and increase the elements that that convince people to take action and to take action now, right? So what's that going to look like? Urgency. Is there a sale that's going to disappear at a certain time period? They need to act now in order to make the purchase so they don't miss out. Are there objections that your customers may have, your potential customers may have? They check out your product or service and they're like, I'm not sure about this. I'm not sure about that. Can you look to overcome that in your messaging, in your ads, in your ad creative depending on where in Google you are advertising? Testimonials, a great way of overcoming objections, but also helping convince someone that this is the right action to take. Can you include previous customer testimonials in video format, written format, in the ads themselves, on the landing pages, elsewhere to provide that proof that you can provide the solution or the outcome that the person is looking for who may be looking to buy your products or services. Scarcity. Another one bit different to urgency. Do you have only so many slots available? Do you have only so much stock? Say that in your advertising to people particularly who have already checked out your thing might be thinking, "Oh, I'll buy that when I get round to it. I'll check that out when I've had a look at some other options." If all of a sudden it's like, "Oh, okay. We need to hire them now because they've only got five slots left for the rest of the month and we don't want to miss out." Or they've only got a hundred of those left in stock. Like, we should go ahead and make that purchase. Again, you can feature that in your ads and within your landing page. So, where do I like to remarket as part of the Google Ads ecosystem? Three obvious areas come to mind. So, firstly, it's going to be performance max campaigns. As part of your performance max campaigns, you want to make sure that your warm audiences are uploaded to Google ad account as audiences and then you can add in those audience signals into your PMAX campaign and Google can decide how much of the budget to spend on remarketing versus cold audiences. Quite nice and dynamic that way. You can of course have impact over that um using conversion value rules or bidding strategies to force it you know if if Google's not doing what you want by default but performance max campaigns adding in remarketing one of the easiest ways to improve overall performance. And then we've got YouTube and display. So even if you're mostly focused on sort of search and shopping when it comes to cold audience campaigns remarketing on display often very inexpensive get quite a lot of cheap clicks and what you really want there is the reminder. YouTube's similar. YouTube can be a bit more um intentbased and a bit more interactive than display typically, but these are platforms that people are going to spend time on. So, it's a great place to remind people of the thing that you offer that they may have already taken a look at. You can get that message across really quickly and easily in a visual format and have that touch point not require someone to search again or or take a proactive action in order for you to put ads in front of them again. So some obvious locations to put some remarketing in particularly for those audiences that Google might not have a lot of visibility over. So Google might remarket some people automatically where they can see who is interacting with your business. But there'll be many instances where Google can't see where people are interacting with your business. It could be people on your email list and you want to make sure that that's uploaded so that Google has that visibility. It might be people who interacted with your business long enough ago that is outside of Google's default uh tracking windows. Right? So you can get this data, this information uploaded, it can make a big difference. You can remarket to a lot more people and increase your overall profitability because remarketing and getting conversions from warm audiences is often really cheap. Let me give you an example from my own business. So I remarket to people who watch my content with ads for my Ben Heath inner circle. And if you're not familiar with my Ben Heath inner circle, it's a school community where I host 10 live calls every month and people can jump on, ask me any questions they've got about their Google ads, their marketing, even their business. They can bring up their ad account, screen share it. I can walk through exactly the adjustments and recommendations that I would make. People can ask questions within the community. I get back to every single one. So, it's very much a way to get lots of access to me and and uh get my advice around your campaigns, help improve your performance. If you're interested in that, by the way, there's a link in the description below. can go ahead and check that out. Now, that's a bit more of a considered purchase, right? In order for someone to buy that, they need to know who I am. They need to know that I have expertise, that I can deliver value, because you're not going to willing to sign up for something to get advice from someone if you're not convinced that they're an expert. So, that's a perfect use case where that offer works really well when I'm advertising it as a remarketing offer, one that's put in front of warm audiences already. And there are lots of offers that are like that. Some can perform really well to cold audiences, but others have to be put in front of warm audiences because those are the only people likely to convert. Number four, sort out your landing page. Seriously, a lot of Google Ads problems are actually landing page problems, right? You can't send paid traffic to a cluttered landing page, a very slow to load landing page. We see that all the time. or boring generic homepages that feature your products or services broadly instead of focusing on the specific thing that the person was interested in and that was advertised. If you do, your results are likely to be terrible. So, what are some tricks to help improve your landing pages? Okay, so the first thing is you want to match the ad to the landing page quite closely. So, if an ad, for example, says emergency plumber London, then the landing page should also have that in there. It should have 24/7 emergency plumber in London. You want to feel like the person has come through to the right location. Otherwise, they're very likely to hit the back button and then you've lost the potential customer, the potential sale. You also want to reduce friction where possible. This is especially important if you're not generating many conversions. So, fewer fields in your inquiry forms, your lead forms, whatever it happens to be. A clearer call to action. Is it really obvious what people should do next? What you want them to do next to progress? If it's not, you want that to be as clear as possible. trust signals, reviews, testimonials, potentially even video testimonials, accreditations. These are the things that can help people feel more confident in making a a commercial action with your business, whether that's buying a product from you and crying into your service, you're like, "Yeah, these guys look legit." That's always something that we're thinking as consumers, right? Whenever we're checking a business out, do they look legit or not? It's why brand is such a valuable thing because you've bypassed that question. you know that if you buy some running shoes from Nike, it's not going to be a scam. It's not going to be a ripoff. They're very unlikely to be terrible. Like your risk in that purchase decision is so much lower. We can help look to put that in. Guarantees. Do you have a guarantee around your product service? Can you look to add it in? That's really going to help convince people to take that action because it reduces their risk even further. Mobile optimization. The vast majority of web traffic is mobile traffic. It's very easy to think your landing page looks great because it's all set up on a desktop because that's probably what you're creating it in, probably what you're creating your Google ad campaigns in, that's where you're operating, and not realizing that that's not the view that your prospects and customers are seeing. It needs to be mobile first. It needs to be easily readable. The call to actions need to be obvious and there and not requiring a long scroll. It needs to load quickly on mobile as well as desktop. And I think when it comes to landing pages, it's so important to remember that you don't make a sale because someone clicked. You make a sale because someone came through to the page and actually converted there. Assuming you sent people to landing pages, of course, which the vast majority of Google advertisers are. Number five, bid more aggressively when it matters because not all traffic is created equal. Not all conversions are created equal. Okay, so the best way to go about doing this is to use conversion value rules. Fantastic feature. If you're not familiar, I've got other videos on my YouTube channel showing you exactly um how to use these. And what they allow you to do is they allow you to bid more for different groups based on various things. So you might be looking at your data and see, okay, people who convert from desktop are worth a lot more money to us than people who convert from mobile. So we're willing to pay more to put ads more on desktop and pay more for those conversions. You might be able to break that up by location. Same logic. Some locations people are worth more than others. It might be by different audiences. If you've got different audience segments, you might work out this group is worth more than others. It might be that you want to split things up by days of the week or by hours of the day. This is where it's really important to have data and and and the key thing here, the key data point here is customer lifetime value because that's a data point that Google often won't have. Even if we set up our tracking correctly, but if you've got the data, you can look back at that and then use that to inform where you spend your money. If you know that people from a certain location stick on your subscription service two years, people in another location the average is 3 months. Well, you should be willing to pay a lot more for conversions from this location versus this one because they're worth much more um to your business. And just to really emphasize this point, I've got a very interesting example. So, the average transaction at Starbucks is just over $7. Someone goes into Starbucks on average, they're going to spend $7. Not much at all. But the lifetime customer value of a Starbucks customer is over $14,000. So Starbucks might come to the conclusion that they could pay $500 or $1,000 to acquire a new customer because they know they're going to make that back many times over over the lifetime. Whereas if you're just looking at the data within your Google ad account, let's say you're Starbucks advertising Google, Google's only going to be able to see the first transaction, the first couple of transactions, you'd otherwise come to the conclusion that it was a $5 $10 maximum acceptable cost to acquire a customer when in fact it's it's much much higher. So, like I said, this all revolves around you knowing your numbers, you being able to segment out your audience and really focus in on those that are more valuable for you. To help you do just that, I'd recommend using Hyros. Hyros is fantastic tracking and attribution software and can really help you improve your Google ad results. It's a software that all the big players in the industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads across multiple platforms, including Google Ads and all my organic results as well, which is super helpful. So someone for example comes through and books a call for our done for you services, I can see exactly where that person came from. This is particularly important if you're running ads across multiple channels or generating customers organically as well. Without accurate data, you are flying blind and knowledge is power. So let me show you how important this is. So I'm here in my Hyros dashboard. I'm going to take a look at the data and the results that Hyros has been able to track and compare those to what I'm seeing within my Google Ad account for the same campaign. So this is a Google ad campaign that we've been running. We're only looking at data for a few days here, but it really demonstrates what's going on. So you can see Hyros has registered, six leads generated, a cost per leader just over £15, 75 clicks. It's just a branded search campaign, hence why the CTR is is 30%. So not a huge amount going on, but representative, right? So that's the data we can see within high. If I jump over to my Google ad account, we look at the exact same campaign, same time frame, you know, we've got May 21st to uh to 27th. You can see a lot of the data matches up, right? We've got 75 clicks, 30% CTR just like before. But if we scroll over, you can see that Google has only registered three conversions as opposed to the six. So, it's registered half the number of conversions. And I can tell you looking at the backend data that the six from Hyros is the accurate number. And that's why this is so important because we might look at the Google Ads data and come to the wrong conclusion, think this isn't profitable, turn stuff off when we shouldn't, but we can verify it with the high-risisk data and make much better, more informed decisions and end up with better overall ad results because of it. So, if you want to improve the performance of your Google ad campaigns and be able to see exactly where your leads and sales are coming from, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Number six is to avoid the most common Google Ads mistake that I see all the time and that's making too many changes too frequently. Beginners in particular do this and it wrecks their chances of success. Constant tweaking resets learning. If you're constantly learning, the campaign can never optimize. It can never fully deliver the results that you want it to deliver. If you're making decisions off small data sets, it's really easy to draw the wrong conclusions. If you're looking at two ads, for example, one's got two conversions, the other one's got one conversion, you cannot conclude that the one that's got one conversion is an underperformer in comparison to the one that's got two conversions. Your data set just isn't large enough here. Don't have enough data. That could well not be true. Patience is really important, particularly in those ad accounts that generate small conversion volume because it takes longer for you to get statistically meaningful data and that's what you want to be basing your decisions around. So, it's really important to judge over a longer time period, not specific days, usually a week or more. Again, this massively depends on your conversion volume. If you're generating 2,000 conversions a day, yeah, you might be able to make a call within a day, maybe even less than that. If you're generating five conversions a week, it might take you 3 months before you know if an ad is actually going to beat your previous best performers. Smart bidding requires more time. Smart bidding being optimizing for conversions or conversion value. If you've switched from say a clickbased optimization, which I talked about right at the beginning, which is really advisable, definitely do that. But you need to give it more time because it takes longer to get those conversions for the system to learn. Whereas clicks come thick and fast and uh Google can optimize around that. You don't get better results by optimizing around clicks, but you you do with conversions, but it takes a little bit longer. Right? So, don't be one of those Google advertisers that wrecks their Google ad campaigns by over tweaking and optimizing before it's had a chance to succeed. So, quick recap. Optimize for sales, focus on intent, improve landing pages, use remarketing, bid strategically, and stop overreacting. And if you can implement even one or two of these, there's a good chance you will generate more sales from your Google ads. [music] And if you want more practical Google ad strategies that actually increase revenue, make sure you subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WaseemQamar-i5w [1 likes]: First viewer , first liker
  2. @BenHeathGoogleAds: Get personal Google Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Google ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/google-ads/
  3. @smvoicelallantop: Hi @BenHealthGoogleAds - Prepare a Google Ads video on HIPPA compliant brands or an Indian Healthcare Brand such as infertility clinics

- The Facebook Ads Mistake You Can’t Afford to Make: Kind: captions Language: en This video is going to be a bit different from my usual videos because I want to show you an example of a business whose Facebook ads went from performing really well to completely dying. And I'm going to explain what happened, why it happened, and what you can do as a Facebook advertiser to make sure that this doesn't happen to you as well. So, the business I'm going to talk about in this video actually became a client of ours. They joined my mentorship program, and they did so because they were really struggling. They had gone from ad campaigns, Facebook and Instagram ads that were performing really well, consistently able to generate sales at a decent return on ad spend number. And over time, they just watched their results slowly get worse and worse and worse to the point where they were unprofitable and actually quite unprofitable by the time they they uh got involved with us and sort of asked for our help. Now, previously, they'd been spending the majority of their ad spend selling just the one product from their product range. It was one of their bests sellers. It sold well elsewhere and it was a product that was good at acquiring new customers in particular. It was relatively low barrier to entry. They were able to sell that, acquire a lot of customers, add a decent return on ad spend number, build a customer base, all the sorts of things I talk about that can that can really help you over the long run as a as a Facebook and Instagram advertiser and a business that wants to grow a customer base using this ad platform. Now, I can't say the name of this business specifically or even the industry unfortunately. Um, obviously I try and share as much of what we learn based on what we do with clients as possible, but understandably clients want to keep things um, private and an anonymous. I totally get that. Uh, but I can still tell you what happened and and you can take away the valuable lesson for this and apply it to your to your space. So this I can't say the name of the business or the industry, but this business was or it still is a known entity within this industry. So, not one of the biggest players, but a brand that if you regularly buy products within this space or you work within the space, you would have heard about. They had some brand power. And their ads had previously been doing reasonably well. Um, they weren't amazing. They weren't terrible either. They were just sort of average, I would say. Uh, but they were able to sort of punch above their weight to some extent because of this brand power. And just a quick aside to the sort of the real lesson I want to get through in in this video is that having a known name within your space and having that brand power is such a cheat code, such an advantage. And it's one of the reasons why business gets so much easier the longer you do it. Running Facebook and Instagram ads gets so much easier the longer you do it because you start to become an established name, a recognizable entity, and that helps everything uh when it comes to customer acquisition, reactivating customers, all sorts. Just something aside, if you're struggling or looking at competitors thinking, why can they run ads like that and get great results and I really struggle? It may well be that they have brand power if you're much newer and much less um established. So, they're spending most of their money on this one product that was selling well and this is sort of their main focus for customer acquisition. They had some retargeting focus campaigns um alongside those that would then sell other products within their range, high ticket stuff um typically. And this is this is these are the campaigns that had really sort of dropped off over time and and were starting to to well they had gotten to the point where they were very unprofitable. Now you might be thinking, okay, well this is simply an ad fatigue issue, right? They ran the same ads for too long. They became people became bored of them. They needed to produce new ones and that's why results sort of steadily got worse and worse and and dropped off. And it wasn't. They had regularly produced new ads. They knew that that was a potential issue. like they had solved for that problem but still seen this consistent drop off in results and we sort of had to because that was the original thought we'd had right as soon as a business tells us that story is the first thing I think is oh you've got ad fatigue you need new ads that wasn't um the case here they had created new ads and and whilst the new ads hadn't performed as well as the old ones it wasn't like you could directly compare and see results it was like just a general trend line of everything was worse not if you're introducing new ads to overcome advert you would expect some to perform worse, but some to perform on par, some potentially to perform better if you produce enough than the previous ones. That would be what we typically see. Just kind of everything was was down um over time. Now, what we found in really digging into this is that this this one product that was really good at acquiring customers, grabbed a lot of attention, got lots of engagement always when advertised, the reviews for it weren't amazing. So, when you looked at what people said about the actual product, it wasn't just tons of five-star glowing reviews, right? A lot of people would say, "Oh, a bit disappointing." They weren't terrible. They weren't sort of saying, "This doesn't work at all for what it is that is intended." It was just like, "This is okay. There are better alternatives." People are saying, "This thing's fine. There are better alternatives, maybe not great for the price, not as good as I was hoping for." Um, a bit disappointing. And some businesses can get away with that if they're basically a monopoly within their marketplace. no one else sells um the same or a very similar product or service. But that was not the case in for this business. They had direct competitors selling very similar things. And because they had direct competitors selling very similar things that had better reviews, better feedback, that really hurt this business's ability to sell this product to acquire new customers over time. And it's a really good reminder, I think, to all marketers, all Facebook advertisers that your business and your ad campaigns do not operate in a vacuum. It's not like the only source of information for these people will be your ad. They'll neatly click on it, come straight through to your website, purchase, won't question it. Now, some people might do that, of course, but a good chunk of people will look at reviews. is they'll look at other sources of information to try and verify is this thing that I'm thinking of buying any good? Are there better alternatives? I think that's actually something that business owners often struggle with is they think well my my thing is good and that's not really the bar. The bar is is it better than your competitors? Is it better than the similar versions being sold? Because if someone can just go through to look at the reviews and see that such and such has a a rating that's significantly higher than another one for a similar price or they look the same in terms of what people think about them, but one's cheaper, they're going to go with that option. At least a lot of people are. And actually, we've got interesting um data on on Gen Zed, Gen Z are far more likely to do that before making a purchase than previous generations. So things like that becoming more important. It's also impacting tracking because that generation is also far less likely to click on an ad and go through and buy. They're likely to bounce out, go and look at reviews and then like remember the name and search the company and and then go through that way. That's what people will do. Like we take this as an agency very very seriously. So we have someone within our team where it's part of their role to ask for reviews to repeatedly contact clients both in our mentorship program and our done for you services and say you've got great results. Would you mind leaving us a review? Like we work quite hard at that and because of that we've got a 4.6 out of five rating on Trust Pilot which is unheard of for a marketing agency. Like that's way higher than you would uh typically see for a marketing agency. So we know how key this is for our own business. And I think a lot of business owners want reviews. They think their thing is good, but if you actually look at what people are saying about their products services, maybe it's not quite as good as as they would like it to be. And that can be a big deal. We'll get back to the video in a second. Before we do, I just want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program. Now, with my mentorship program, me and my team mentor people daily to help them get the best possible Facebook ad results. We've actually had some amazing results recently from some of our mentees. We'll pop them up on screen right now. In fact, 82% of people that join my mentorship program see a notable improvement in their Facebook ads return on ad spend within just 30 days of joining. And that's a stat that I'm really proud of. There is a link in the video description below. you can click on that, come through to a page on our website and book in a free no obligation call with one of my team members to find out more about it and see if it would be a really good fit for you. Hopefully, we get a chance to work together. So, it became quite clear that the average reviews that this business was receiving for this product that they were really pushing and advertising aggressively and were hurting this business, this business's ability to sell and to scale and sell profitably and were impacting their cost per conversion. Now, interestingly, with this business, um, most of those sort of negative to average reviews were about this one product. The rest of their product range had had significantly better, uh, feedback, which was, which was fantastic. One of the ways to think about this as a framework, I think, for marketers and advertisers is that everyone always wants word of mouth, right? Everyone always wants that effect. They're thinking, I'm going to sell stuff. People are going to love it. They're going to tell friends and family, then I'll sell more. But what's very rarely considered is that that, of course, can work in reverse. And it can work in reverse digitally with reviews and and things like that and people seeing feedback and what people say about the the products and services. It can also work personto person. So, if you've had an experience with a product or service and it's been really poor, well, you are probably actually more likely to tell friends, family, write about it online than if you've had experience with something that's really good or or decently good, let's say, because that negative experience is going to be that much more impactful. And you might have a sense of like wanting to let people know about this company that that offers this thing that's not very good. And you want to like make sure other people don't get don't fall into that same trap and and things along those lines. like we've often had that had that experience. Well, of course, that can have a really big impact on your ability to advertise and the profitability of campaigns over time if you've got negative word of mouth working against you. Cuz if you're thinking about buying someone and you ask someone a a process that we all do a lot of the time, oh, I'm thinking about, you know, buying such and such, you know, this friend, this family member I know will know, they're really into that. They know all about that sort of thing. I'll ask them quickly. Um, and I think that's actually this is going to become more impactful with um, people using AI like chatbt for example where people are going to do more and more as part of their purchasing behavior. They're going to ask like they see an ad on on Meta and they'll say, "Oh, I saw an ad for this product. Is it any good?" The answer that's going to be provided is going to be based on feedback, reviews, and what people say online. Like that's what's going to be in there. So, I think it's going to become even more important. The word of mouth effect is more impactful as well if you're either operating within like quite a small niche or or if you're operating locally. Like think about how quickly a bad restaurant will die. Probably in the town city you live there are restaurants that pop up and then 6 months 12 months later they've disappeared. And I you can probably think of examples where you've thought oh I've seen such and such is new. And then you might ask someone who lives in the same town, city, etc. Oh, you know, there's a new such and such restaurant. I was thinking about giving them a go and they go, "Oh, don't. It's not very good. I wouldn't go in there." And that's just you won't go then most likely, unless you don't um respect the person's opinion or you don't think that their tastes align with yours, you would go, "Oh, okay. Oh, won't bother trying that then." Or even that that works to another degree as well because not only might you have that direct interaction, but I've had it many times where a new restaurant will open and you'll say, "Oh, I'm you know, I saw that place open. I think about going there." And the person I'm talking to will say, not that they've been in it wasn't very good, but someone they know has been in it's not very good. Oh, no. I wouldn't go there. You know, my my friend went last week and he said it wasn't very good. So, not only have they put off all of their friends, but then those people are then putting off their friends or their work colleagues or their family members because they're relaying that story as well. You can see how this can have a huge impact. That sort of negative word of mouth compounding can absolutely work in the opposite way. You go to a restaurant, fantastic food. You want to tell friends and family, "We should go there. It was brilliant. Uh, it was great. I'm going to take the family. I'm going to go again. It's going to become a regular of mine." Um, it it works all the way. So, if your results have dropped off over time and you're sort of scratching your head, you're working hard, you're introducing new ads, don't discount this as a potential issue. And I have spoken to literally thousands of Facebook and Instagram advertisers. I've been a a known entity, a name in this space for coming on for a decade, uh, going creating content, etc. I don't think anyone's ever told me that the reason why their ad campaigns are now struggling when they were performing well, which I've seen hundreds of times, maybe even thousands of times, is because their stuff's not quite as good as they would like it to be, and their reviews aren't quite as good as they'd like. Like, no one ever says that. Every business owner, every marketer assumes that their thing is brilliant and it's that might not be the case. Let's go back to the restaurant example. For a restaurant, a new restaurant, let's say, to succeed, does their food need to be good or does it need to be better than the alternatives that sell the same type of food. So, let's say you've opened a new Thai restaurant. Well, if you really want to succeed in that city or town, it probably has to be better than the other Thai restaurants in that space. Otherwise, they're just going to go there or it's cheaper or there's some other differentiating factor. It could still be good, but if yours is a seven out of 10 and there's a nine out of 10 down the road that sells the same type of food, you're in trouble. And the same applies across the board, all different industries, like that same logic applies, right? It doesn't need to be bad. It's a case of does the competition provide something um that people are better. So, a lot of businesses are obsessed with customer acquisition, not customer satisfaction. They are very much connected and interlin. And I think marketers need to be more appreciative of that. Um Seth Goden is someone I'm a big fan of as a marketer and he has absolutely you you consume his material the books he's written over time and you can see there's this shift over time where he talks less and less about like marketing traditional marketing tactics and more and more about the quality of the product and the deliverable being part of marketing because that's what then will allow um future customer acquisition, customer retention and the things that actually make a business valuable and successful over the long run. So, I'm going to give you a tactic for fixing this quickly in a second. But first, I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyrosse is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So, if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign, we've generated £96,000, but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account, I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay, but in reality, this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now, this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products, services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. So, let's say that what you offer is good but not the best and your reviews are decent but not exceptional. What do you do in that circumstance? Here's the way I would go about fixing that. I think you can find all the answers to what you should do from your customers. Get their feedback. Ask for feedback. Ask for reviews. Send out surveys. Then take the time to look at them. If someone leaves a really bad review for your product or service, what do they say? What is the issue there? What has caused them to leave the bad review? Ah, this thing took way too long to arrive. Right, you got to sort your delivery out then. um or it was far too complicated. I thought it would be easy. Okay, you need easier instructions on how to sign up for the service or how to install the product or whatever it is. Like a lot of the answers are going to be provided there if you take the time to to work that out. You can also do it in the opposite, right? So, when people do leave really good reviews, what do they say? Can you do more of that? Can you emphasize that even more? Maybe you can't fix a negative thing, but you can make it a non-issue by providing more of the positive thing. I think it's really important for advertisers to fix this if they think this is potentially an issue and you can always improve on your deliverable, right? So don't think this is either a binary, it's good, it's bad. It's like this is a scale and you can always look to improve it and do that before you look to ramp up and spend. So many businesses, they want to grow aggressively. They're impatient. They want to just spend as much as possible. But if you haven't fixed the thing that you're selling first, you haven't made that as good as it can possibly be. you can end up selling to more people, which creates more negative word of mouth, more bad reviews, and that hurts you over the long run as opposed to the opposite. And you will find that your advertising money spent will go that much further if everyone who buys really likes it or most people who buy really like it, they come back, they buy more, they tell other people. That compounding effect is uh is absolutely massive. So, coming back to this example of what we had to do, basically got to the point where we advised this business, you can't sell this product anymore. Like you can't aggressively advertise this on the front end like you have been. You need to start advertising other products and services that get well in this case products other products that get better reviews and better feedback. And like client was reluctant first and news big. It was a product that got a lot of attention naturally. It's why it sold well on the front end. They did eventually do that. The campaigns along with a bunch of other changes but the campaigns were able to be massively improved and and the business got to the point where it's profitable. And I also think with that sort of situation as well, you've got to think about long-term brand reputation. Do you want to put a mediocre product in someone's hands? Well, they're always going to think of your brand as mediocre then and look to go elsewhere. Maybe might be better in this case, and it was to pay more to acquire a customer, but have them leave with a really positive interaction um because of the compounding effects that we've uh that we've talked about. So, like this is quite a harsh harsh lesson, I know, when it comes to meta ad performance. These things absolutely tie in. And I said this video is going to be a little bit different and everyone always wants the latest ad trick ad hack, but like this stuff can be far more impactful than the latest AI feature um on the ad platform. If you want more harsh lessons that are most likely going to be really helpful for you getting better results, check out this video here. I go through a bunch of stuff that I've learned over many many years of doing this and can be the things if you do them right separate you from the pack and mean that you in 3 5 years time are miles ahead of where you would expect to be. So go ahead and check it

  Top Comments:
  1. @dannyquiroz5777 [16 likes]: The answer is at —-> 16:41 you’re welcome
  2. @marketingfastlanes [4 likes]: I really like these "case/problem specific" videos, Ben!
  3. @JennyHansenLane [3 likes]: A good strategy is to ask buyers to leave their favorite thing about that product in the ad comments.
  4. @BenHeath [2 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  5. @NickLazur-v2c [2 likes]: ben will meta grant me a media-buying-professional certificate at 16 even if i have the knowledge to pass the exam ?
  6. @saykuus [2 likes]: Thx Ben. Honestly having a successful ad campaign really be comes down to a great offer, great product or service, and amazing customer service. All the latest features just amplifies the basics. We definitely like more videos like this.
  7. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849 [1 likes]: I want to find out which of my products generate the most interest. Should I put all product creatives (images and videos) into one campaign and ad set to let Meta optimize? Or should I create separate campaigns by product category, each with multiple creatives (e.g., 1 for mirrors, 1 for buffets)? Which approach do you think works best?
  8. @mccallumlucinda: Wow, this video really helped me figure out handling multiple social media pages, a friend said dic loak might make it easier, anyone tried?
  9. @AIHiTech-1: This is gold 🔥 trying to keep up with several socials at the same time, friends say dic loak helps with multi-account stuff, real deal?
  10. @marketingwitharmando2281: wow this was great ben thank you so much yees reviews are so important. yelp and google and even facebook reviews all add up. great video. thank you. peace from San Jose California! 😎:hand-purple-blue-peace:🌴☀🌊
  11. @serenechang1299: Thanks for pointing this out, definitely saved me from a big mistake. I’ve been running fb ads too, and my buddy told me about ddicloak  for safer multi-account work.will this tool makes sense for ad campaigns?
  12. @benthomas3061: TL;DR make a better product/service :)
  13. @anitawiethuechter2901: Video link is missing Ben ..
  14. @DonJuravin: Title doesn't match the content
  15. @Whiz_The_Mindbender: Hi Ben, so I remember watching your video (or webinar actually) back in the day when you mentioned how running a conversion (sales/leads) campaign straight up is much more profitable than running an awareness or engagement campaign before actually running the sales or conversions campaign. 

But I feel like what have been said in today's video about how the Brand Power as you called it, has a great impact and could be a cheat code when running a Meta Sales ad campaigns. My question is, why would someone run a sales/leads campaign if their brand is actually still very new and not heard of yet. Instead, we should actually build some affinity and connection with our potential customers (maybe cultivate somes positive reviews as well) before launching any Leads/Sales campaigns as the advantage of having a well-known brand is substantial here to the Sales Ad Campaign's success, dont you think?
  16. @compententmeat1238: hey ben is it still easy to get back a disabled or banned page from a page you had access but not ownership of

- Why Your Facebook Ads Are Failing 5 Big Mistakes Most Advertisers Make: Kind: captions Language: en Why Facebook ads don't convert and how to fix it. You have spent money on Facebook ads but no sales. You're losing money by spending your ad budget without generating any sales. In this situation, you are not alone. Most people fail at Facebook ads because they make the same mistakes again and again. Mistake number one, targeting the wrong audience. The biggest reason Facebook ads don't convert, you're showing them to the wrong people. Think about it. If you're selling high-end running shoes, but your ad is reaching to people who have no interest in running, you're wasting your money. Facebook is powerful because it lets you target highly specific audiences. Most people either use broad generic targeting hoping to reach everyone or they guess who their audience is instead of using data. Here is how to fix it. Use Facebook detail targeting. When setting up your ad, go to interest section and find people who actually care about what you are selling. For example, if you sell fitness gear, don't just target fitness. Go deeper. Target people who follow brands like Nike and Gym Shark. Target people interested in weightlifting or marathon running. Use lookalike audiences. One of Facebook's most powerful feature is lookalike audiences. This lets Facebook find people who are similar to your best customers. If you already have a list of customers, upload it to Facebook and let it create a lookalike audience for you. The result, your ad is shown to people who are far more likely to buy. Mistake number two, bad ad creatives. Even if your targeting is perfect, your ad needs to stop people from scrolling. If your ad doesn't grab attention in the first 3 seconds, you're already lost. Signs of a bad ad creative. Boring images that blend in with news feed. Weak headlines that don't spark curiosity. Most of Facebook is blue and white. If your ad blends in, people won't notice it. Use bright colors, bold text, and highquality images to make your ad stand out. Write a headline that create curiosity. Instead of buy our new skincare product, try 90% of women make this skin care mistake. Are you one of them? A good headline should make people want to stop and read more. Mistake number three, weak offer. This is a big one. Even if your ad is visually perfect, if your offer is weak, people won't buy. Many businesses run ads that simply say, "Buy our product." That's not enough. You need to give people a compelling reason to act now. Here is how to fix it. Create urgency. People are more likely to take action if they feel like they might miss out. Use limited time discounts, special bonuses, or countdown timers to create urgency. For example, 50% off only available for the next 24 hours. Get a free bonus gift limited to the first 100 orders. Emphasize the value, not just the product. Instead of just listing the features of your product, focus on the benefits. For example, if you're selling a weight loss program, don't just say 12week training plan plus meal guide. Instead, say lose 10 lbs in 12 weeks without giving up your favorite foods. Make your offer about what they will get, not just what you are selling. Mistake number four, not testing enough. Successful advertiser test multiple versions before finding a winner. Here is how to fix it. Run at least three to five variations of your ad. Test different images versus videos, headlines, call to actions. Sometimes a small change like tweaking the wording of your titles can double your conversions. Use AB testing. Facebook allows you to run split tests where you can compare two versions of your ad to see which one performs better. Start with a small budget. Test different versions and scale the best performer. The more you test, the better your results will be. Mistake number five, bad landing page. Let's say your ad is working, people are clicking, but no one is buying. Chances are your landing page is the problem. Signs of a bad landing page. It takes too long to load. People leave if it takes more than 3 seconds. Multiple links, pop-ups, confusing layout. it doesn't match your ad. If your ad promises a discount, but your page doesn't show it, people will leave. Here is how to fix it. Optimize for speed. Use a tool like Google Page Speed Insights to check how fast your site loads. If it's slow, reduce image sizes, remove unnecessary plugins, and use a faster hosting provider. Remove distractions. Keep your landing page simple. One product, one offer, one call to action. You can apply these five tips to your Facebook ads to see the real results. Now, if you found this helpful, hit the like button, subscribe for more, and drop a comment if you have any questions.

- 10  Facebook Ads Mistakes that Cost me Millions: Kind: captions Language: en These are the top 10 costly Facebook ad mistake&nbsp; you should avoid making in your business. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; right now you are complaining that your Facebook&nbsp; ad is not working, your Instagram ad is not&nbsp;&nbsp; working, but you may be the one that is causing&nbsp; it because you are making either of these 10&nbsp;&nbsp; mistakes. Number one, do not touch your winning&nbsp; advert. Getting a winning advert is hard. So&nbsp;&nbsp; when you finally get an advert that is working,&nbsp; you don't need to keep tweaking, keep editing,&nbsp;&nbsp; keep retouching it. You finally end sending that&nbsp; advert back to learning phase and that will always&nbsp;&nbsp; affect your performance. Number two, don't let&nbsp; your budget to finish. If you are the one that&nbsp;&nbsp; is funding your advert, make sure that you are&nbsp; always funding it on time. Not when you fund&nbsp;&nbsp; today, you allow the money to finish, you fund&nbsp; again tomorrow, you allow the money to finish.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every time that your money finishes, your advert&nbsp; goes back to restart again. So the best thing is&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure that you are always funding above&nbsp; daily budget so that your advert do not finish&nbsp;&nbsp; all the time. Number three, don't rely on just&nbsp; one creative. I see a lot of advertisers making&nbsp;&nbsp; this mistake and most time is because they&nbsp; are lazy. As I'm shooting this video now,&nbsp;&nbsp; I've done more than five videos today. Anytime&nbsp; that you want to shoot a video for your advert,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't just do one. You can do 10. You can even do&nbsp; 15. In fact, I know one advertiser that every time&nbsp;&nbsp; he sit down to shoot a video, he does 35 videos&nbsp; and above. And that is how you want to approach&nbsp;&nbsp; it. So that when you put all this video on your&nbsp; ad, nothing will make either one or two to start&nbsp;&nbsp; working. When you are relying only on one image,&nbsp; you are designing one flyer, you shooting one&nbsp;&nbsp; video and you are placing all your hope on those&nbsp; video, it might not work. So you need to actually&nbsp;&nbsp; give Facebook a lot more things to test. Shoot&nbsp; a lot of videos, do a lot of graphics, use a lot&nbsp;&nbsp; of native images so that you actually increase the&nbsp; potential that your advert will work. Number four,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't start with high budget. If you don't have a&nbsp; lot of money, there is no reason for you to start&nbsp;&nbsp; with high budget because you don't know what is&nbsp; going to work for you. Start with low budget.&nbsp;&nbsp; test. Look at your matrix. Make sure that you&nbsp; have gotten what is working before you can now&nbsp;&nbsp; start scaling it. And if you don't know how to&nbsp; scale it, just check the description. There's a&nbsp;&nbsp; video that you see that will teach you exactly&nbsp; how you can scale your Facebook ad the right&nbsp;&nbsp; way without tweaking your ad, without editing&nbsp; the one that is working already. This one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the best way you can do it. So, check the video&nbsp; description and watch that video. Number five,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't use stolen content. If you are actually&nbsp; downloading video online, make sure that it is&nbsp;&nbsp; copyright free. If you are downloading video&nbsp; clips, make sure that it's copyright free. You&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have to steal somebody's digital property&nbsp; and use it for your own advert. If you do that,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook is going to flag your account, restrict&nbsp; your page and all of those processes. So, always&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure that you're using original content to&nbsp; run your advert. Don't make that mistake. Number&nbsp;&nbsp; six, do not exaggerate with your claim. If you&nbsp; are making a lot of claim on Facebook, Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; might not like it and this leads them to block&nbsp; your account, restrict you. As a matter of fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; most time that people lose their ad account is&nbsp; probably because they are making a lot of claim.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know, lose £17 in 13 weeks, make 5 million&nbsp; naira in 7 days and all of those claim. You&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have to do that. There is a better way to&nbsp; write your ad copy without making claim and you&nbsp;&nbsp; can still make it compelling. So, if you want to&nbsp; learn more tips on Facebook and lead generation,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure you are subscribed to this channel&nbsp; because I drop videos every single time that&nbsp;&nbsp; will teach you how to do this. Do not use a&nbsp; faceless page to run ad. I see most e-commerce,&nbsp;&nbsp; most coaches, they just quickly create a Facebook&nbsp; page. They cannot even exercise patient to upload&nbsp;&nbsp; a profile picture on that page. They will just&nbsp; use that page to run ad. People see those pages,&nbsp;&nbsp; it has no profile picture. when they go on the&nbsp; page, there is no post on the page, nothing to&nbsp;&nbsp; build trust at all. You are just running the ad&nbsp; like you're a ghost. Most people will not trust&nbsp;&nbsp; you, especially people that have the habit of&nbsp; checking your Facebook page before they click&nbsp;&nbsp; on your advert. So, what should you do? Every&nbsp; time you create a page, do a necessary setting,&nbsp;&nbsp; upload the profile, the cover photo, make&nbsp; some post on the page for crying out loud,&nbsp;&nbsp; so that when people come on the page, they will&nbsp; actually see something that will build trust.&nbsp;&nbsp; Post some testimonials, give some value so that&nbsp; you can actually build a brand instead of just&nbsp;&nbsp; running advert to make quick sales. Number eight,&nbsp; you don't have to be publishing new advert every&nbsp;&nbsp; single day. If you are always on your ad manager&nbsp; refreshing, publishing ad, Facebook sometimes see&nbsp;&nbsp; this as a spam and they might block your&nbsp; account. So when you set up your advert,&nbsp;&nbsp; sometime you give your advert time to run before&nbsp; you go in and publish a new one. And that is why&nbsp;&nbsp; I even recommend as a business owner, you must&nbsp; not use only one ad account. I use like three ad&nbsp;&nbsp; accounts for my business. So when I'm not working&nbsp; on this one, I'll probably working on this one. I&nbsp;&nbsp; probably working on another one. But I don't have&nbsp; to be inside one ad manager every day publishing&nbsp;&nbsp; advert, posting advert, tweaking thing. No, you&nbsp; have to give it time for it to run. Number nine,&nbsp;&nbsp; don't ignore your Facebook ad metrics. This is a&nbsp; kind of advanced secret. Most beginner advertiser&nbsp;&nbsp; they don't even know what is matrix. If you ask&nbsp; them what are the top five metrics you should pay&nbsp;&nbsp; attention to they don't know. If you ask them how&nbsp; do you know if your advert is working they don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know. All they know is that if it's not bringing&nbsp; lead if it's not bringing sales the advert is not&nbsp;&nbsp; working. But that's not true. Sometime you look at&nbsp; the metrics and then you see okay this is what I&nbsp;&nbsp; needed to change. Oh maybe I needed to add more&nbsp; scarcity. Oh maybe people are not resating with&nbsp;&nbsp; this offer. Okay people are actually clicking on&nbsp; the ad but something is happening on the landing&nbsp;&nbsp; page. But when you don't look at your M, you will&nbsp; not know this. And I don't blame beginners. I only&nbsp;&nbsp; have one advice for you. Make sure that you learn&nbsp; deeper. Because when I started, I didn't know what&nbsp;&nbsp; is meant with. But I kept on watching videos.&nbsp; Something like YouTube video like this. There&nbsp;&nbsp; was a channel that I focused on on Facebook ad.&nbsp; I was watching video every single day. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of wasting your time watching skits, watching,&nbsp; you can actually dedicate some time every day to&nbsp;&nbsp; learn more on YouTube. Like this channel. If you&nbsp; subscribe to this channel and if you follow me,&nbsp;&nbsp; I am always uploading video on Facebook ad.&nbsp; I'm always uploading video on marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; on lead generation, on how you can grow your&nbsp; business. So, make sure that you subscribe to this&nbsp;&nbsp; channel and turn on the notification bell. Number&nbsp; 10, don't keep funding a dead ad. What I mean by&nbsp;&nbsp; dead ad is advert that is not working. You know,&nbsp; I see some advertiser, oh, let me keep trying,&nbsp;&nbsp; let me keep hoping, maybe it will pick up. And&nbsp; that is how you keep funding an advert that is&nbsp;&nbsp; not working. Do you know what you should do?&nbsp; Pause that advert, use that remaining money and&nbsp;&nbsp; go and test something else. I promise you, it is&nbsp; a better alternative than to keep pumping money&nbsp;&nbsp; into an advert that is not working already. Make&nbsp; sure that you test more things. And that is why&nbsp;&nbsp; I said you need to have more videos. You need to&nbsp; have more visuals. You need to have more images.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you test five and it's not working, what if&nbsp; it is the sixth one you're going to test that&nbsp;&nbsp; will pick up. But if you don't test it, then you&nbsp; might not know if it will work or not. So don't&nbsp;&nbsp; keep funding dead advert. Pause it. Use that&nbsp; remaining money and test something else. If it&nbsp;&nbsp; does not work, pause it. Use that. Keep on doing&nbsp; it until you get something that is working. And&nbsp;&nbsp; I promise you sometime you might spend 150,000&nbsp; to test but once you get what is working you end&nbsp;&nbsp; up making more than 500,000. So let's compare it&nbsp; between wasting 150,000 and making 500 which one&nbsp;&nbsp; is a better alternative of course making 500. But&nbsp; if you have not wasted the 150 you might not be&nbsp;&nbsp; able to make 500 and that is how it work. So keep&nbsp; testing until you get what is working for you. If&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a question of whether advert is working or&nbsp; not it is already working. A lot of businesses are&nbsp;&nbsp; using it to scale their business, make millions&nbsp; in revenue. So it is working. The problem is&nbsp;&nbsp; that you have not understand the knowledge and&nbsp; that is what this channel is doing for you. Make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure that you subscribe, turn on notification&nbsp; bell and I will see you on the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aycookieofficial6912: Thanks
  2. @ndukwesuccess: Thank you sir
  3. @belankahospital2874: Well said sir

- The biggest mistake people running Facebook ads make: Kind: captions Language: en If you run meta ads, and you don't know how many creatives you have in your library right now, or what creative mix is, or what the right balance for creative mixes, or if all of these words seem too complex, I'll break it down in about a minute and a half here for you, and potentially decrease the biggest cost of your business right out the gate. This is a interview I had with a business owner that's just starting out. They're running a few meta ads, having an incredible amount of success, but I just noticed a way to be able to potentially double his efficiency. And for most business owners, this immediately can bring down your costs as soon as like today, cuz it only takes a few minutes to actually fix. Hope you enjoy the interview. As a new founder, I totally understand your attention being pulled a million directions. Where I like to start with that is making more money. And looking at how you're making money right now, you're running ads, the biggest mistake I see most people running ads, and I see it in yours as well, is that they choose one medium, one type of ad, and then they run that ad over and over again. And looking at your ads library, you only have static image ads with text on screen. These are the least efficient, most expensive type of media that you could have ever. If you were to choose any type of medium, that is the worst one to choose, specifically for lead gen. Works great with e-commerce, but for lead gen it it's difficult. The most successful advertisers, if you look at the top ones, they've got static images, they got short looping videos, they got carousels, they've got uh you know, talking head videos, they got short form talking head, medium length talking head, they got long form talking head, they got case studies, testimonials, they're showing off their clients, they're doing such an immense amount of creative mix, and that's all pulling the cost of delivery down, because meta doesn't just have to deliver one type of asset to everyone. They have a lot of different types of assets to choose from. With social media right now, the the creative mix required to be successful is so so large, because people consume media in all different forms, and you really do have to meet your customers where they're at. If you're going from static images and trying to do video, easiest way to make that jump, take a 5-second video of your office space. Take a 5-second video of the maybe the view outside your window. Take a 5-second video on your morning walk. Take a 5-second video of like you making some coffee or something. Whatever feels natural and organic to you, whatever doesn't feel like an ad, and then put the ad text that you have on top of that video. It's called a short looping reel, 5 seconds long, and it and it looks organic because of the video that you got in the background, but the text on screen cuz you still have the standard pitch. And because it's organic-looking, it has way cheaper placement in the algorithm than just the static image, which looks hyper-produced. It looks very commercial. So, that's the the first transition into video. The very next transition into video, which I recommend you do right away as well, move into real video. Move into a talking head video. Pull out your phone, get the front-facing camera up, load the primary copy that you have in your ads right now into a teleprompter app, and then just read the ad. Deliver it as a video talking head. If you say you're good at sales, you should have great delivery there. Should be no problem whatsoever. So, now, just with the 10 unique ads that you have right now, if you do this with the short looping reels and then the talking head, suddenly you have 30 ads that are completely unique in your ad library. You triple your creative diversity right away, and you can see your cost drop dramatically when you do that. When choosing how to prioritize, I would absolutely prioritize at the top of the funnel first. So, if you see your business as a funnel, what happens at the top is you run the ads, you get the customers, and then they go to your landing page, and then they fill out an application, and then they book a call, and then they hopefully show up to the call, and then hopefully they show up qualified, and then hopefully you close them. At the very top, though, the thing that has the most influence, where you have the most leverage, is the ad. You're fine with your results right now on the ads, but I think that's only because you haven't had the kind of results that you could if your ads were better. If running ads was half as expensive as it was right now, if you had twice as many sales calls, would you be worried about trying to improve the conversions on your landing page by 5%? It doesn't even matter. It's like you could have a double on your conversions on your landing page just by having ads be cheaper. Most people don't think that ads are the problem because they've never run ads at the highest level. But when we add 100, 200, 300 creatives in there and suddenly their ad costs drop to half, they're like, "Oh my gosh, business is so easy. My biggest expense is cut in half. I have all of this money suddenly. I don't have to worry about close rates. I'm not stressed about how many people show up to the sales call. I have so many of these to filter through. I'm not even taking most of these sales calls. I see the application come through and I'm just DQing people. I'm choosing to only talk to two people a day instead of having only two people to talk to per day because of how >> efficiently everything is running. Your your priorities right now are really well aligned. You you understand that ads are most important and then the bottom and then you work your way towards the middle as you have more data, as you have more statistically significant events to be able to make those small micro changes that have bigger impact on the bottom. But if your next biggest problem is that you can't even fulfill on these clients. What would make it easier to fulfill on the clients is having twice as much revenue to do so with. If you're still watching this video, like if you saw all of that cuz you thought it was interesting, I think you'd probably be even more interesting if I break down on your business and solve the specific problem you're struggling with right now just like I did for them. Doesn't cost you anything. You can apply at viralcoach.com/ >> I just made it up. >> Yeah, I I'm literally just making this up right now. What's the backlink be? >> Reach out. >> Reach out? Nah, too many too many letters. Reach out. >> You want one word. >> One word. >> Yeah, I'D SAY >> OH! >> PERFECT. >> viralcoach.com/yeap Apply.

  Top Comments:
  1. @olivergerrardlongworth [1 likes]: Thank you for taking the time to speak Daniel, it honestly was one of the most valuable conversations I've ever had, and perfectly timed too. Now I've got:

• 20 ad scripts written and ready to record where I'll be talking to the camera
• 50+ new video ads being edited which I'll be launching this week in the formats we discussed 
• My editor scraping my entire YouTube channel to find clips from my organic content that can be used as ads
• An intense desire to turn everything into ads now lol

Plus, I've got job ads up in preparation for hiring my first fulfilment A player. I'll check back in a month from now and let you know how it all goes!
  2. @manuelpistner7984 [1 likes]: Great video again, thanks! Is it OK from your perspective to put all creatives in one adset or better split them up in single adsets? And instead of targeting product aware people with a direct pitch on the ad, do you also go up the awareness ladder and mix in creatives for solution aware or even problem aware and unaware people? Much appreciate you sharing your knowledge!
  3. @mushahid_: Daniel, been applying almost everything you put out and it WORKS. Ad structure, sales team setup, landing page, all of it.🙌

I run a 500k/yr real estate marketing agency that operates almost exactly like VC, just smaller. 
Happy love to fly up to Alaska and shoot a live breakdown of how we can scale.

Haven’t come across anyone who’s this excellent and this relatable at the same time.
  4. @Numerous23: Your  loop video format ia still giving us the cheapest leads for the last 6 months! 🙌🏻  Listening to you always brings New ideas, like having a brainstorm together! Thank you Daniel!
  5. @YoussefDoesBusiness: Awesome! Already submitted the loom :) 

Hope a business of my size wouldn't DQ

- Expert Media Buyers Know THIS About Facebook Ads (The Breakdown Effect): Kind: captions Language: en buckle up this is going to be a bit of a controversial episode and i actually think that a lot of you are going to disagree with me what's up marketers in today's video i am going to talk about one thing that separates newbie or amateur media buyers from the experts and this is just going to be one thing right because there are actually several things that end up separating amateur media buyers from the mythical expert media buyers but we're all a work in progress and we're all just trying to get by but this one specific thing stuck out to me recently on my favorite website twitter and if you all are on twitter that's where all the top media buyers are having these discussions every single day so be sure to follow me over there so that you can see these conversations happening in real time but my friend cody who heads up e-commerce at jones road beauty recently posted this question and it was such a great conversation starter and it's actually something that i tend to ask people who are interviewing for media buying jobs at thesis to try to decipher if someone actually knows how to scale an account or not so let's take a look at this question cody asks hypothetically what is the better ad ad a that has more spend but a lower rise a higher cpa but more purchases or ad b which has lower spend a higher row as lower cpa and less purchases and as you can see here most people said that add b was the better ad and i completely disagree but before we dive into why i disagree let's give you some more background info the way that this would work in an ad account is that add a and add b would be in the same ad set and again ad a gets more spend and more purchases but ad b is getting a higher row as in a lower cpa so it looks like ad b is the better ad and again i love this question because it's the kind of question that really separates amateur media buyers from those who know how to scale or those who know how to optimize for scaling but before we go into the reasons why that is let's take a look at what some other people said so what do you think if you had to take a guess right now would it be a or b so yes i actually did respond to this post and this was my answer and i said a is the better ad because this is the classic breakdown effect facebook knows that the more spend that it will be shifted to be will ultimately result in less efficiency over time so the first question that you probably have is what is the breakdown effect now the breakdown effect is when facebook seemingly shifts spend to an underperforming ad or ad set but really what is happening here is that the facebook algorithm recognizes that if it poured more spend into the better performing ad it would actually have less results as the spend increased when compared to the underperforming ad i actually sometimes like to call the better performing ad low-hanging fruit the spend is simply getting the low-hanging fruit from this ad or ad set but again if we were to pour that same type of money that is in the worst performing ad into the better performing ad the results would actually be a lot worse with more scale and that's because facebook ultimately wants to push spend to what is more scalable and that's what ads and ad sets can get the best results over time with more money so again what would almost certainly happen in the case that cody showed us earlier if we poured the same amount of spend into ad b those results would ultimately be a lot worse than ad a which is why the facebook algorithm optimized to shift more spend to ad a and that's why that is actually the better performing ad now the caveat here is that the breakdown effect is really only applicable to brands that are beginning to scale so if you're operating with minimal budgets say under 10k per month you're probably ultimately going to be optimizing for those ads that have lower spend but seemingly have better results which actually could affect your performance over time it's something you have to be really careful about especially if you're a brand or a media buyer that sees that facebook is always shifting your spend to underperforming ads it's actually not what's happening what's happening is that facebook recognizes that the ad that has more scale potential that's where they're trying to shift your money so for all brands the advice that i would give them is pay attention to where facebook is actually shifting your dollars don't automatically assume that the facebook algorithm is broken or that facebook isn't right for your brand because facebook is seemingly shifting spend to underperforming ads again what is actually happening here is the breakdown effect for some reason facebook thinks that your ad that is the underperformer is actually more scalable over time because again what would most certainly happen is if you push more spend to your better performing ad those results would rapidly deteriorate ultimately take a look at the patterns and the type of creative that facebook chooses to push more spend for your brand because those are actually probably the top performers as opposed to the ones that get a better ros or even have a lower cpa ultimately the things that you want to look for are the most spend and the most purchases and if you can cross-analyze those two things that's where you're really going to find your top performers not necessarily those that have the highest row as or the highest cpa now facebook does have a little tutorial that goes through the breakdown effect in detail i am going to link that below so you guys can take a look at it but to be honest i don't see many media buyers talking about this and that's why i was really glad that cody started this conversation because i think it is something that i hear a lot from other brands or newbie media buyers why is facebook pushing my spend to underperforming ads it's really not those are the ads that are more scalable or deemed more scalable by the facebook algorithm and i'm going to be really honest there have been times when i'm conducting creative tests um and i see that a certain ad actually has a lot better results higher roads lower cpa and it's not getting enough spend and i'll actually turn off the ad that's getting the most spent and you know what happens ultimately the results in the creative test is a failure or none of those are graduated to my core campaign because ultimately the results just aren't sustainable this is something that i see play out over and over and over again and i feel like as a media buyer who works with brands who are rapidly scaling the breakdown effect is something that i see almost on a daily basis especially when you're launching tons of creative tasks every single week so it's definitely something for you guys to be aware of again i can't tell you how many times i've heard from young media buyers saying facebook is shifting my spend to underperforming ads that's not what that is it is the breakdown effect and you have to be aware of that as a media buyer so that you know ultimately what types of creatives are scalable ultimately you're going to have to look for the amount spent and the number of purchases and those are the two things that i'd really suggest that you guys optimize your campaigns for and that's it this is a little short and sweet episode to break up our mid-week but i'm really curious about your guys take which one do you think is the better ad i know that some of you guys are operating with smaller budgets even some of you using under three grand per month and when you're looking at these numbers you're thinking wow if i was spending 20 grand and i had these results i'd be stoked so really try to minimize the spend and the roads and the cpa to numbers that would make sense for your brand and then you can see this come to life a little bit more i've seen the breakdown effect happen for brands that are spending under 5k per month and again those are scaling rapidly to over 500k so it's definitely something to be aware of and especially as you guys are looking at new creatives to develop be sure to take a look where facebook is shifting your spend that actually tells me that those are more of the top performers as opposed to the ones that get the higher row ads so i would actually start taking more creative learnings from what gets higher spending your ad accounts and that's it thank you so much guys i will see you um on sunday bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @speedcoresg4616 [9 likes]: This makes total sense, I've experimented it myself. I had 2 ads in my campaign: ad A was getting most of the spent but ad B had like 2x the CTR so I wasn't understanding what Facebook was doing. I turned off ad A and as a consequence of this effect ad B went totally crap, way worse than the one i turned off. Thanks Dara for your video!
  2. @mainulquader8280 [1 likes]: This is truly an eye-opener video. 🤩 I would really focus on the CPA and ROAS but this video has given me a new perspective to think about for upcoming Facebook ads.
  3. @TomekPasko: I would select B, but it depends. Too little context here IMO.

1. If you are optimizing for new customers - B might be better
2. If you need better ROAS, select A. How would you make your advertising profitable, spending money on unprofitable ads? A LOT of brands optimize being profitable with the first purchase, so spending money on the most profitable ad makes much more sense, no?

Did anyone test this? You don't know how FB will deliver when you turn off B? Without testing, it's only assumptions.
  4. @Mat_Sedano: I'd like to know your opinion Dara on this today one year later, is it 100% the same today? :) :) :)
  5. @kritikaagarwal1809: Love your videos Dara! In classic cases of such breakdown effects, how long should we keep them running before we start seeing profitability kicking in? How do we choose between ads which will actually turn to be profitable (amongst those 2-3 or more) where Facebook is undergoing breakdown effect?
  6. @mudpaddle: This makes all kinds of sense when looking at two placements with different inventory situations but two different ads running in the same placement? 

To start with "Less efficiency over time" = frequency getting too high. To keep frequency small you need inventory to be big. Inventory is an attribute of placements, not ads. 

When facebook explains this they talk about two different placements and thus different sized pools of inventory and different opportunities to control frequency.   

But when you talk about two ads running on the same placement you're suggesting that (all things being equal) one creative will be predictably more sensitive to frequency and facebook knows which one before its demonstrated by the numbers. 

This would be an entirely different ballgame.
  7. @rggLV: Would love to hear more about this, and maybe some more examples! 
I had a dropshipping store that might have failed just because of this as I would always fail to scale properly, e.g turn off my ads with larger budgets when they were going over my CPA goal. Thanks Dara!
  8. @afshanmuhammadaltaf7103: Thank you
  9. @vadimasaev2526: I actually asked one of the candidates in my company a similar question... But the answer youre giving isnt to that question,  the question was, what was the better ad, not what was the most scalble ad. And the better one will always be the one with enough conversations and higher ROAS. That's from a business point of view, because a 1.4 ROAS might be loosing money to the business its promoting, so scaling will just cuase more loss... 
Being a media buyer is being a business professional first, not just an analyst
  10. @dennisdeheza: This YouTube channel is so good and so much better than larger channels
  11. @dacdiec4182: Love the vid ! Could you please do a video on testing creative ? How do you test them? How to analyse and cut them ? Thank you Dara
  12. @SniperAce2: That's what Facebook tells about CBO. Facebook will shift the ad spend to an ad set with higher ad spend and higher CPA because they think it is more scalable than the ad set with lower CPA and low ad spend. Great video so that young brand owners and media buyers will be aware of this.
  13. @AOitsAO: More like the classic shakedown effect by Facebook 🤑
  14. @Freedomskills: Hugely valuable thanks for this 🚀💯
  15. @a5280394: It's really helpful to know the truth when it comes to the ads performance. Misjudgement would cost you more. Thank you for this video.
  16. @aroldaban: Can you make a video creating a messaging ads on facebook in UK or UE?
  17. @automatewithrohit: Hey Dara what do you think after odax ad creatives, copy and messaging should be really focusing on? Can you also tell me shall I only offer performance ads creatives as service?
  18. @marcusecom: great as always!
  19. @LaurenSchwartz: Ooo not an ad buyer but creative and I agree A is better. I love this video! I also think this is how you can test if creatives who make your ads are privy to this and know how to optimize and scale this account.
  20. @luxxinails: Another great vid Dara! Question - so would you keep on those creatives that are getting the most spend in a campaign, even though the results aren't want you want?

- Real Meta Ads Case Study | Storage Container Business Campaign Breakdown: Kind: captions Language: en At first glance, everything looked good, but under the surface, there were some simple mistakes which were killing their campaign performance. Before you spend another dollar on Facebook or Instagram ads, watch this video because the way your campaigns are structured could be the reason they are underperforming. and how you can avoid these mistakes in your meta ads. Everyone welcome back to the channel take it social. I'm Saka Shivasta your meta ads expert. So the campaign which I reviewed was a storage container company of Canada. And when I saw the campaign uh one thing was clear that their goal was to get leads from different locations. So how they structured their campaign was like campaign was made for the platform Instagram and second campaign was made for the platform Facebook. Under the Instagram campaign, there were five adsets with different locations and same was with the campaign Facebook there were five adsets with the same location and inside every adset they use the same image, same headline and same ad copy. So at first this type of campaign might look organized that there is a separate campaigns for both the platforms. But there is a problem in the structure. First problem is they were using same ad creative for all the adsets which leads to creative redundance. Creative redundancy is when you use the same ad uh image or same video for all the adsets people keep seeing those ads and videos again and again which leads to adfetti and engagement goes down because of that. It's like seeing the same billboard at every street. One day you will stop noticing it. This is called as adfetti and this kills the engagement. Now the second problem is separate campaigns for FP and Instagram. Running separate campaigns might sound organized but it kills the meta's ability to learn. Instead of combining your data into one strong campaign, you are spreading it thin which leads to limited learning and poor optimization. So here's what I recommend. If you are in a similar situation, do these things to make your campaign perform better. First thing, combine platforms. Run one campaign for both Facebook and Instagram. Let Meta decide where to show your ad based on your performance. It's smarter and more efficient. Second is rotate ad creatives. It is very very important to keep changing your ad creatives like using a simple short video or using a very engaging hook line in the another image or video. This will keep your audience engaged and it will prevent the ad fatigue. So if you are running ads on meta, don't just look at the ad creative, look at the whole structure of your campaign. Maybe one simple mistake is destroying the ad results. Look out for these important points. Is your campaign too complex? Are you unnecessarily duplicating the things? Are you letting meta learn and optimize your ad properly? At last, I would like to say that if you are seeing anything in your account and you think that your your campaign and your account needs audit, reach out. I'm happy to help. That's it for the today's video. Me Sakshi Shawasav signing off. Let's meet in the next video where I will be sharing more insights about the meta ads and some more exciting case studies which will help your meta ads to grow. So see you. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @phaniindra4353: Is it ok if we use multiple locations in single ad set and how many keywords can we add in single ad set answer these 2 questions pls

- TV Commercial Cost Breakdown 2026 | IRPR.Agency Production Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Planning your two thousand twenty-six television advertising campaign requires absolute clarity, and IRPR Agency is here to provide the full transparency you need. We break down the costs of pre-production, production, post-production, and media buying to ensure your investment maximizes actual business returns. Understanding these phases eliminates budget surprises, covering everything from initial concept and scriptwriting to final post-production editing. Our team focuses on transparent budget allocation, ensuring you know exactly where every rupee goes, from filming with state-of-the-art camera equipment to securing optimal media slots on major networks like Star, Sony, and Zee. We don't just manage production; we prioritize an ironclad strategy focused on your measurable results. Our portfolio showcases how our data-driven approach to production results in exceptional brand performance for companies across India. We are trusted to deliver high-impact content that resonates with target audiences while maintaining competitive rates for finishing, color grading, and sound design. Transparency is our mandate, which is why our two thousand twenty-six breakdown model includes strategic recommendations to optimize your spend throughout the entire broadcast lifecycle. If you have questions regarding typical pre-production timelines, our agency structure, or how we negotiate media buying rates to fit your goals, we have outlined the details clearly on this page. Every choice is made to ensure your creative vision is achieved without hidden fees. Experience the precision of professional television advertising with IRPR Agency.

- What is the expense breakdown analysis?: Kind: captions Language: en What is the expense breakdown analysis? This section presents a clear month-by-month pie chart of your spending across major categories like salaries, rent, utilities, marketing, supplies, and more. So, you can see at a glance which costs consume the biggest share of your budget. Why it matters for SME. One, identify your cost drivers. Pinpoints which categories, for example, salaries that over half your spend are eroding margins the most. So, you know where to look first for savings. Two, strategic cost reduction. Small percentage cuts in top categories translate to significant cash. Trimming salaries by even 5% can free up material monthly funds. Three, optimize cash flow. Understanding the mix of fixed versus variable expenses helps you forecast more accurately and build reserves ahead of lean periods. Four, improve profitability. Every rand saved flows straight to the bottom line. Streamlining rent, supplies, or utilities can lower your break-even point and boost take-home earnings. Five, fuel growth capacity. Freed-up cash from efficient spending funds marketing, inventory, or expansion without additional borrowing, accelerating sustainable scale. Use this breakdown as your road map to trim waste, reinforce efficiencies, and reinvest savings into the heart of your SME.

- Business Analysis Breakdown: The Real Cost of Duplicate & Messy Data: Kind: captions Language: en A small NGO received funding to support 500 struggling students with digital skills training. Everything looked perfect on the spreadsheet. The number said 512 students registered >> [music] >> and then attendance was high. The program was exceeding targets. The donor was impressed. The management team even started preparing a success report. Then somebody noticed something strange. One student appeared three different times. John Adebayo John A. Adebayo J. Adebayo. Another learner had no phone number, but it got worse. Several ages were missing. Some participants were marked completed even though they had never attended classes. Hm. So, after a proper review, the NGO discovered the truth. They didn't have 512 active students. The real number was closer to 340. Now, I want you to imagine the damage. Wrong reports, wrong decisions, wasted funding, damaged trust, and embarrassed management. And this is exactly why bad data is dangerous. It's not because spreadsheets are evil. I mean, obviously they are not. But it is because businesses and organizations often make critical decisions using information that they never properly validated. Today, I'm going to show you the hidden costs of bad data and what a business analyst can do to fix it. >> As you may know, data is the backbone of every business decision. Reports, dashboards, financials, customer communications, forecasts, all of these depend on data. When the data is bad, all of these can break down. Bad data leads to wrong business decisions, wasted resources, poor customer experiences, and compliance or audit risks. As a business analyst, your job isn't just to clean data. It is to stop bad data from happening in the first place. I want us to look at the types of bad data that we're talking about here and the costs they imply. The first hidden cost is duplicates. This is what happens when the same customer, product, or transaction is recorded more than once. Now, look at this real-life example. A Nigerian SME is selling fashion items and it tracks their orders in Excel, Microsoft Excel. Customer A places two orders, each logged differently. Marketing sends duplicate promotions to the customer and then the customer gets annoyed. Why are they sending me two different versions of the same thing? Finance double counts revenue and that leads to accounting errors because now finance believes that the same person paid twice when in reality you're dealing with one person. Procurement orders extra stock. This implies that money has been wasted. All of that happened because the same data existed in two places. Now, in that kind of situation, what would a business analyst do? A business analyst would identify duplicates using Excel or other simple tools, standardize unique identifiers like customer ID or invoice number, and add validation rules to prevent future duplicates. Problem solved. On to another bad data problem, inconsistent formats. Let us look at the following examples. Imagine that dates are given in different formats. In one entry, you have it following the DDMMYYYY format. In another entry, it follows the MMYYYY format or it is written in text. Same with phone numbers. Imagine putting the phone numbers there without country code in one entry and with country code in another entry. Or imagine addresses written in an inconsistent format. Look at how that fits into our scenario. The NGO is tracking their beneficiaries, but they've collected inconsistent phone numbers. Now, they want to send SMS reminders to let people know about their appointments with them. The problem is that some of the messages will not deliver because the data was collected in an inconsistent format. This would imply that the reporting would show wrong totals and that means the donors will question the accuracy of everything. It also means that staff would waste hours cleaning data instead of working on their actual impact. So, as a business analyst, how would you tackle this? You should define data standards, define the formats, the codes, the units. You should use drop-downs or input masks. You should also educate staff and enforce compliance. You should document your standards in a simple data dictionary. That way, everybody knows what the standards are. Okay, let's move on to the next one. The third hidden cost is poor data capture. So, this happens in the situation where fields are missing, entries are skipped, or information is collected inconsistently. Look at this scenario. So, a UK-based training institute captures enrollment forms manually. And then the person in charge forgets to record nationality. That simple act of forgetfulness implies a whole lot because they're going to have errors with financing, and the finance departments will misallocate fees. Uh there will be complaints from students because of that. Let's assume that students in uh Lagos are meant to pay a different amount from students in Accra, who should also pay different amounts from students in London. Look at the difficulty of reconciling all of that just because a field was missing. ensure that this doesn't happen? By standardizing forms, making certain fields mandatory, introducing simple digital forms, and training staff on why accurate capture matters. One big advantage of digital forms is that you will typically be able to specify which things are compulsory. And that implies that there will be no chance of that field being missed as long as it was included in the first case. Okay, let's now talk about the implications of bad data. What does it really cost? Bad data costs businesses in four major ways. The first is money. Imagine what goes into duplicate purchases, lost revenue, refunds, and things like that. Also affected is time. That's number two. Look at what goes into cleaning, reconciling, chasing missing data, and so on. But it doesn't stop there. There is also reputation. Customers are angry, and there is distrust from stakeholders. And finally, there are decision problems. There will be wrong forecasts, failed programs, and misalignment with strategy because everything is based on wrong data. For this NGO in our example that misreported beneficiary counts, the donor might decide to withhold funding. This would imply program delays, and then the community impact would suffer. Look at all of that just because of bad data. But how would BIS fix that bad data? They would do it by fixing the root causes. How would they do that? Number one, they would audit the data. They would remove duplicates, edit out inconsistencies, eliminate gaps. >> [snorts] >> Next, they would define standards. Define the formats, the mandatory fields, the naming conventions. They must do all of that. And then they would redesign the processes. They would ensure that there is correct capture at the source. Very important. And then they can even go further and introduce automation. With automation, there will be validation rules, there will be unique IDs, there will be drop-downs, things like that that make it almost impossible to make mistakes. Next, they will monitor ongoing quality. So, they would use dashboards, alerts, and checks to ensure that there is ongoing monitoring. Here are some simple actions that you can take today. You should deduplicate your customer database. And if you use a tool like Excel, you should standardize your date, phone, and address formats. Also, you should ensure that important fields are mandatory. Do so if you're using something like Google Forms or Airtable or any other similar tool. And perhaps most importantly, ensure that the staff are trained in proper data management. Let them know that bad data costs money, not just frustration. Small changes like this can prevent huge headaches later on. Bad data is often invisible, but its impact is everywhere. As a business analyst, your job is to make the invisible visible and ensure data drives value instead of waste. If you've ever struggled with duplicates, inconsistent formats, or missing data, comment below with your story. Let's talk solutions. >> And don't forget to like, subscribe, and share this video if it's helped you understand the hidden cost of bad data. Also, if you're looking to get trained as a business analyst at over to businessanalysiscoach.com, businessanalysiscoach.com, [snorts] you will find practical training, but you will also find certification training. We train for the programs of the British Computer Society, otherwise known as BCS The Chartered Institute for IT. And so, if you're interested in getting certified, head over to businessanalysiscoach.com. You can be anywhere in the world, but you will get African friendly pricing. My name is Olumide Adedeji and it's been wonderful having you around. Don't forget to subscribe to this channel. I look forward to seeing you in my next video.

- Why Are My Google Ads Budgets Overspending? - Saas Marketing Wizards: Kind: captions Language: en Why are my Google Ads budgets overspending? Imagine waking up to find your advertising budget has vanished faster than expected. You set a daily limit, but your spend keeps climbing. What's going on? Let's uncover the reasons behind overspending in Google Ads campaigns. Google's system is designed to optimize ad delivery to get the best results, not just stick to your daily budget. It uses an algorithm that sometimes spends more on certain days when it predicts higher traffic or better chances of conversions. This process is called overd delivery. So even if your daily budget is set at $100, some days might see spending of $150, but over the entire month, your total spend should stay within your budget times the number of days in the month. One reason for overspending is that Google intentionally allows this overd delivery to take advantage of days with more user activity. This helps improve your campaign results, but can cause spikes in daily spending. The system balances this by spending less on quieter days, keeping your overall monthly budget in check. Another factor is the focus on highquality clicks. Google's algorithm aims to find clicks that are more likely to lead to conversions. If it finds such clicks, it may increase bids to secure them, which can temporarily push your daily spend above your set limit. Highly competitive keywords also play a role. When many advertisers bid on the same keywords, the cost per click rises. This means your budget can be exhausted faster than expected, especially if you're bidding on popular search terms. Audience behavior can change suddenly. If there's a spike in search interest or engagement, your ads may get more clicks than usual, leading to unexpected increases in spend. For example, if a new trend or event causes more people to search for your product, your ad spend can jump quickly. Budget planning and management issues can also cause overspending. If you set your budgets too low based on past data, or if you increase your budget suddenly during the month, it can lead to overspending. Making large adjustments without monitoring can cause your daily spend to spike unexpectedly. Using marketing says tools that connect with Google Ads can help control this. These platforms often include automated rules and alerts that pause or adjust campaigns when spending gets too high. They also use machine learning to optimize bids dynamically, helping you get the most conversions for your budget. Detailed reports and forecasting tools show you spending patterns and audience behavior so you can plan better and avoid surprises. Some tools even have safety features that detect unusual spending and automatically trigger protective measures. To prevent overspending, start by setting realistic daily budgets based on your past performance and goals. Regularly check your campaigns with automated tools to catch overspending early. Use negative keywords and refine your audience targeting to avoid irrelevant clicks. Make gradual bid and budget changes instead of large jumps. By understanding these causes and using the right PPC management tools, you can keep your Google ads spending under control while still reaching your marketing goals.

- Before You Run Cost Caps On Facebook... WATCH THIS: Kind: captions Language: en look I know you want to run cost caps on Facebook but here's why you shouldn't here's why you shouldn't run cost caps I really want to articulate these things to you guys from a you know recent client in a ad account experience I want to show you guys some stuff so yeah let's just hop in the video cuz I want to show you these things really quick so this is an account that uh we're not running anymore but um there's some interesting things from a data perspective that I want to show you guys specifically so this account was running cost caps uh before we came on board and um you know this is campaign right here this is uh August 7th through August 13th 2023 specifically during that week right there they spent $1,400 on our cost caps campaign and then we launched our autobid campaign specifically U it only spent $212 CU we only spent like a day or two specifically inside of it and during that week you know we spent $1,600 total um $31 cost for purchase overall specifically and yeah that was it so there's again there's nothing to compare this data to until I show you guys the following week you know like these cost caps and everything so one key thing I want to show you guys is cost per purchase is $29 on the cost caps campaign $42 on the auto bid campaign now what happens the following week after we get more spend and a lot more things going on so first off spin jumps we spend $2,300 compared to $1600 so we spend about what $7 $800 more in the account now cost for purchase overall still stays at $31 they're both at $31 specifically um in the account now let's keep looking a little bit F there's some other stuff that go goes on here so our campaign spends majority $1,800 their campaign um the client's old campaign spends $514 now we do $40 cost per purchase which still is not great for this account we want about a $25 cost per purchase for this account specifically but they're hos caps campaign gets drastically better like substantially better like literally hos caps campaign gets cut in half $29 cost per purchase to $17 cost per purchase but the only thing that changed was the spin we actually make the campaign a lot lower of a daily budget so it spins substantially less you can see right here uh $1,400 in spin 47 purchases now $514 $29 cost per purchase that's a lot less but let's look at the frequencies now let's start to kind of expand what we're looking at now now let's look at frequency frequency on the C caps campaign 1.7 our broad campaign 1.39 with auto bids looking at the campaign prior $1,400 spend with a 1 .64 Frequency Auto bid $1,800 in spin with 1.39 frequency okay so the auto bid campaign they're both broad targeting by the way but the auto bid campaign had a lower frequency which is also good that means we're reaching a lot more new people into the business now let's keep looking at this if we look at um you know we had on the auto bid campaign low spin 1.19 frequency now we moved over to the cost caps campaign with lower spin it is a 1 .7 frequency okay and then the next thing let's look at CPM for the next thing so in this one right here is a $10 $54 CPM $1 CPM then here um 10 10 C CPM what it's get the majority Spin and then the cost cap campaign it's getting a higher CPM now I know this is like well Nick what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you're giving me so much data right now I don't know what to do here so I I really want to talk about cost caps and how it works so cost caps itself sounds amazing it it really does it sounds so good on paper I set a cost cap I set how much I want to get a Target cost per purchase and I spend as and I can set this spin as high as I want and Facebook's only going to spend when it gets those purchases that sounds phenomenal like don't get me wrong I'm all for it I even used to try it but there's a reason why I do auto bid and why I don't do bid cap and why I don't do cost caps and this is kind of one of those reasons right here is because this particular cost cap campaign cign is first off this particular client came to us because they were stuck at a certain Revenue amount they could not scale cost caps limits your scalability because what's happening is you're telling Facebook Hey Facebook I only want a $25 cost per purchase or only want a $30 cost per purchase the problem with that is now Facebook which is designed to convert people that are most likely to convert is only going to go after lwh hanging fruit which means that as you spend more it's going to kind of start targeting more middle funnel lower funnel not really cold people and the more cold people we can Target and the the better we can grow that the more people we can put in our funnel the more people our funnel the more people we can convert and we can see here this particular setup had 52 purchases this had 74 purchases we had a lot more people here and we can see in this particular campaign that we had a $40 cost per purchase which was still not great but we had $17 cost purchase in the costc campaign with 29 purchases basically 30 purchases what happened was in our Auto bid campaign we reached substantially more people which generated more people into the funnel and then we had more people that our cost caps campaign could Target and then the second thing we have is you have auction overlap between these two so is this cost cap campaign actually more effective or is it just bidding against each other that's a key thing we have to look at so running more campaigns we know bit against each other and make the overall account structure worse so that's one thing we have to look at right there but yeah so I just want to show this to you guys um you know again not like a super super detailed video but just show you guys some data around cost caps of hey this limits you from being able to grow your business and you know if you're struggling with a certain CPA in your business number one how can we build a business that accepts our current CPA how can we build a business that accepts a $31 cost per purchase you know not a 17 for example that's where it gets tricky and that's where it comes down to you know who's like basically more wiser with business and that comes more down to launching new products retention um increasing margin on your products getting better shipping rates getting better fulfillment rates getting better cost of goods and stuff like that and then the second part comes out to the retention side of of getting people to repeat customers and stuff like that so that's one how can we build a business that accepts the current CPA we get then the other part is actually going ahead and looking at how can we build better ads that convert people you know in this particular case right here you know we have mixed feelings about the particular product and just overall business with this particular client right here um but one of the best things for this account was yeah better creatives how can we find better creatives that can also lower to CPA and there will be times where you've tested everything you have the best performing creatives and like just building the business with that that can accept that at CPA is the objective that's the new solution we have to we rebuild the way we're building this business and that's the second thing and that's again lowering cost on products um and then customer retention side right there so um but yeah guys just want to kind of make this video for you showing you guys how you know cost caps can limit your growth potentially um you know I know there no crazy case study or anything like that but can just be trying a different part of YouTube that I know this video probably won't get as much views and stuff like that uh but just something to to show you guys uh some more of the higher-end stuff um you know the day-to-day boring things things like that so U yeah guys make sure to like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday I talk you guys later peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @markpommett5712 [14 likes]: You allocated 4X as much budget in your autobid campaign and have less than 50 conversions in each. Sorry, but you don't have enough data for it to be conclusive. Try scaling each up to $1000/day and you will see the difference. Eventually the autobid cost per purchase will increase!
  2. @markpommett5712 [7 likes]: I respect your knowledge of FB ads but have a different perspective. It's impossible to control your ROAS without cost caps which if it goes sideways can put a company our of business - especially if you're a start up with limited budget.

I take a hybrid approach that scales with consistency without the risk. Run low cost caps on your TOFU (1-2X) , and MOFU with a healthy budget. if you set up your funnel and budget right your BOFU will double your blended ROAS to meet your objective. For example, if I want to scale at a 4x ROAS I would set my TOFU at a 2x and run 10-20% of my budget on BOFY no cost cap. 

This is much easier to control than giving all the power to FB which is risky. Your ROAS target at the top of funnel is super important because if its too low no amount of retargetting and LTV will correct that and if its too high it wont spend. You really need to know your numbers and balance your funnel and budget!
  3. @franciscosanchez6675 [3 likes]: I didn’t get much tbh… 

I’ve had a CC running since July 26 since client ran out of stock and crushed. Still on till this day…

Aside from our CBO scale campaigns

Good video, perspective from this specific account
  4. @tiendaperuanashop [2 likes]: gracias saludos de peru
  5. @psystormz888 [2 likes]: Nick the cost cap results look fantastic tbh. Couldn't you just exclude like 3s video viewers or something to always hit more new people instead of completely stopping the Cost Cap campaign?
  6. @giorgoschristoforou8258 [2 likes]: i lately started seeing crazy results with image ads instead of video ads, but when im trying to break them down and find the ad id, is not like the video ads, when i press on them the image opens instead of the actual post, how can we find the id of an image ad?
  7. @Paul-yk7ds [1 likes]: So the argument here is that cost caps limit the ceiling of scalability, especially if you're ONLY running cost caps. But the way I was taught to use them, they are more like an extra scaling campaign to add more volume at a guaranteed target CPA, so they can add stability to your account alongside autobid campaigns.
  8. @IslamicPulse0 [1 likes]: So bid caps is limiting your scalability. What if your goal is not scaling but finding winning ads?
  9. @ShopSummiclo [1 likes]: But the auto just keep getting higher cpa, once you completely turn off cost cap, how can it get a better cpa?? If the goal is getting lower cpa
  10. @comesc [1 likes]: So if you run $50 Cost Cap, Meta would try to give you average daily/weekly/monthly of $50?
  11. @andyaustinads [1 likes]: Facebook ads don't bid against each other within the same ad account. If you don't believe me, just google "About overlapping audiences" and read the article from Meta. I've spent over $6m on ads over the last 5 years, and tired of hearing wrong information like this.
  12. @obviousaron [1 likes]: I dont think thats an answer anybody wants to hear from their media buyer: rebuild your business.
  13. @dylanbakken3660 [1 likes]: Im curious if the better way to test this would have been via Facebooks A/B test to get an accurate analysis and avoid overlap or any of the concerns you address in regards to frequency, overlap, point in funnel.

Thank you for sharing your perspective!

Right now I am test some cost cap, bid cap, and lowest Cpa. 

One thought I have is the way to scale it better is to add more creative that will win (which you don't know until it does). But, considering Facebooks auction calculation: Bid x Estimated Action Rates + User Value = Total Value

The bid is a multiple to Estimated Action Rates. So, if Facebook thinks and sees an ad is doing really well its going to win more bids with less $$. Therefore, I believe in order to scale cost cap (and bid cap) you will need to be producing better creative than the competition in the audiences you are targeting.

Curious to hear your thoughts on this?

Bid cap used to be my secret weapon pre IOS. I'd do like $80 bid caps and win so many auctions with good creative it was like $5 CPA for my $50 product at the time. It was so easy then.. Now its different, but I am seeing some results coming back around with these strategies that have been seemingly dead the last 2 years. 

Ill keep testing and let you know if my theory works with more creatives! :)
  14. @fotodino3358 [1 likes]: Wouldn't frequency be same low, when the costcap would have been simply set to 40 then?
  15. @mrpickle23 [1 likes]: right... but there's a reason you aren't running them any longer... FB couldn't work no matter the campaign set up.. FB is only great for branding ads. Direct response is nearly impossible to make a positive ROI
  16. @advertra [1 likes]: 🔥🔥
  17. @NickTheriot: 🔺Have Nick Theriot Run Your Ads: https://www.theriotsolutions.com 
✅ Have Nick Theriot Mentor You: https://theriotsolutions.com/innercircle
  18. @directajith: How to fix on a particular cost cap initially in a campaign?

- I Stopped Doing Retargeting Ads & Facebook ROAS Skyrocketed: Kind: captions Language: en I stopped doing retargeting campaigns on Facebook and roast skyrockets it and today I want to kind of go through my discoveries and just kind of showcase a couple things that I wish I would have known before so before we get started if you're kind of questioning why my credit is teaching this my name is Nick Terrio I run a Facebook ads agency I also coach and Mentor students and I've done over 80 million dollars in online Revenue with Facebook ads and before we get started hit the like button hit that subscribe button for new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday and let's dive in so back in 2000 and I think 22 2022 of January we completely cut out retargeting campaigns so that this means zero retargeting campaigns we're not running any retargeting AD sets we're not running any retargeting campaigns and you know maybe uh debatable loan if we're running retargeting ads in general now I'll kind of go a little bit deeper into that so what we do is the kind of one campaign per business objective the strategy where we go ahead and we create one CBO campaign let's say for example if we have one product then we're just going to create one campaign if we have maybe two like divisions of our company like women's clothing and men's clothing they would have a campaign for women's clothing and a campaign for men's clothing so like that's what I mean my business objective now in this particular case we'll just talk about one product so if we have one product or maybe a collection of products that are equally kind of cons similar we'll just do one campaign and then we'll have broad targeting only so that means just aged in their location no interest no look likes no custom audiences the only thing we will do is exclude like 30-day purchases for example and I have a lot of videos on my YouTube channel that you know likely you guys who are turning tuning in have seen plenty of times but if you're not familiar how I set this up look at how to tell Facebook ads in 2023 and have a full video of going step by step how to set this up so don't worry it's been covered I have videos inside side of the ad account all that good stuff but going more to the retargeting side and the retargeting side you know originally that was introduced back in like you know I think like 2014 kind of like when I was starting to get back into Facebook ads and the goal was to retarget people because you had certain levels of traffic that been to your website so we would Target those people and show them specific ads that will lead to potentially them purchasing and you would see probably a higher row ass quote unquote on the those retargeting campaigns then your top of funnel campaigns in that case now the problem with this is that these retargeting campaigns make up substantially little amounts of your overall Revenue it's like yeah you're getting a 10x row ass but that Revenue that's made from that campaign is only making up 10 of your profits or 10 of your Revenue which is actually very small so that's one thing and then the second thing is since iOS 14.5 it's really hard and difficult for Facebook to Target specifically those people due to operative traffic tracking so because of that because of it makes a small impact on performance and then lastly Facebook is already doing retargeting for you if you go look at your top of funnel campaigns and you'll look at your frequency over the last say seven days for example in those campaigns you're likely to see frequency above 1.0 if you have any frequency above 1.0 at any of your ads and your top of funnel campaign you are actively doing retargeting without having a dedicated retargeting campaign so let's say for example if it's a frequency of 1.05 that means five percent of those Impressions that you're serving are hitting people for the second time let's say if it's 0.2 that means 20 of those impressions are hitting people for a second time so again that's 1.2 1.3 1.15 that's like 15 of those impressions of hitting people again so just want to make sure you're aware of that so because we know that we're already actively during retargeting with our top of funnel ads why do we need a second campaign for it well the biggest thing has been like well Nick we need to Showcase people's specific ads so they convert yes and no there's no solid proof that's showing them if they've been to our website showing them a testimonial they'll convert there's no solid proof on that yes you you might have a few ads that convert but how do we know that they actually convert it because of that retargeting ad or you know in that case so like that's something that we like to look at second thing is why not just add some of those things like testimonials to our product page and add some of those things like testimonials to our top of funnel ads to where it's a top of funnel ad but in maybe 30 seconds since that's how the funnel lab we had some testimonials and stuff and the second thing is why are we not using email and SMS to hit these people for a second or third time in terms of retargeting and then also showcasing those people who opt into email and SMS those specific people with the proper messaging based off where they're at because we know for a fact they're in that product aware stage then the next thing is that hey well Nick you know if you're just putting all these ads into the main ad set the main campaign you know how do I delegate to Showcase to retargeting ads and top of funnel ads well the question is why do you need a focus on retargeting ads because if you're going to spend time on retargeting ads you're spending time on an ad that's going to make maybe a five to ten percent difference in your Revenue whereas a a top of funnel ad a better top of funnel ad is going to make a hundred to 500 increase in percent you know we had a top of funnel lab taking out of account go from a thousand dollars today to five thousand dollars a day we just had an ad account where a new top of funnel ad took an ad I count from 100 a day to about 400 a day just a new top of funnel ad so why Focus your time and attention on an ad that's going to give you about 10 efficiency like 10 Improvement to your business when you can focus on ad that's into 100 to 400 percent Improvement on the business why even waste your time on these more Obama funnel product aware ads and then it hit me it made me realize that not many people on this channel actually know how to make effective ads that reach out to a top of funnel audience okay a top funnel audience is cold people who've never even heard of your product before a lot of you guys are running ads that's like 20 off 30 off that's it you're not really effectively connecting with the customer and actually grabbing their attention and channeling it into hey you know we understand you have this problem we understand what that problem is like on a daily basis and that's why you need this product because it does XYZ what's going to solve that problem because of this and it's actually going to improve you know your your way of life a lot of you guys do not know how to do that and that's why it's easier for you to focus on retargeting ads because quite frankly a lot of you guys just don't know how to hit top of anal ads and don't don't get me wrong like that's not your fault at all like I completely understand because I used to do the same and honestly it's mostly just because most YouTubers who teach Drop Shipping and Facebook ads don't even know how to do it themselves and that's where you've learned a lot of your stuff so it's no brainer of why you can't Market effectively and that's okay again that's why I create this YouTube channel that's why I talk about these high level things my YouTube channel to show you guys how to do those things to where you can create ads that do maybe a hundred percent or 400 increase in the business and hit those goals you want inside of the business first is focusing on ads that's gonna have a 10 increase of the business Revenue so again and also last point when retargeting when you're running a retargeting campaign you're also forcing Budget on a specific set of people that are forced to see these ads over and over and over whereas if you're just targeting broad just excluding 30-day purchases what's going to happen is when you fill in Those ads that you want to hit that audience Facebook consistently optimized around the best audience whereas retargeting your their Facebook is stuck targeting those same people over and over and over so that's why we normally run retargeting ads it sucks from a customer experience of getting hit the same ad over and over and over it's from a business efficiencies point it just doesn't make enough sense for me to focus on something that's make a 10 increase in the business and then lastly and something else I didn't cover on is uh just overall in terms of consolidation of the ad account making it more efficient for your control and also to reducing any auction overlap as well so those are a few reasons why we don't do retargeting and Facebook already does it as well and you're top of funnel campaign again if you look at the last seven days the frequencies over a 1.00 you are retargeting people again if it's 1.05 that's five percent of people that are seeing that ad for a second time if it's 2.0 or 2.5 or 3x that means 200 people basically all your impressions are just being retargeting at that point right there so again our objective is to build ads for the business that essentially moved the business forward and actually improves the business Revenue as a whole from a majority standpoint and that's our goal from there so thank you guys so much for watching this video hope you guys enjoyed hit the like button hit that Monday Wednesday and Friday and my name is Nick Terry I'll talk to you guys later peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @Maverick-3D [1 likes]: 4:08  😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
  2. @LesterShanahan [1 likes]: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  3. @PerryBowman-r5s [1 likes]: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  4. @JustinIrving-y3k [1 likes]: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription
  5. @crisanthon4867 [1 likes]: if we also run ads for google shopping or tik tok ads. how do you retarget them on facebook ads? does broad retarget them as well? confused by this. thanks
  6. @WellingtonParker [1 likes]: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  7. @HaroldWelch-v5q [1 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  8. @MakennaHuel [1 likes]: Appreciate the non-fluff straightforward approach. Was a great review for me. Thank you!
  9. @MaragretStinnett [1 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  10. @SigmundSteuber [1 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  11. @JohnBrown-i1y [1 likes]: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  12. @RollinHammes [1 likes]: Thank you for creating the video - likes Unequivocally !!!!
  13. @MarcoAbbott-h8q [1 likes]: The video is great, informative!
  14. @TerrillWiegand-i4b [1 likes]: The video is great, informative!
  15. @GaetanoWisozk [1 likes]: No water, fast! Way to go.
  16. @CharlieMainse-l7n [1 likes]: Clear and understandable, I wish there was more information like this.
  17. @ColinNorton-ug5wg [1 likes]: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  18. @BrentRoberts-mz5js [1 likes]: Crisp, smart way of explaining, necessary and sufficient information. That was helpful. Thank you.
  19. @DonovanBourne-l3m [1 likes]: Everything is clear. Brief and clear. No water. Thank you)
  20. @EliakimAlexander-e4x: Really clever explanation and no unnecessary verbiage! Respect! + subscription

- GoHighLevel Costs Exposed! | Hidden Costs You Need to Know About Even with a Free Trial!: Kind: captions Language: en There are costs with High Level you're still going to incur even if you're on a 30-day free trial. There are certain areas that actually cost per use. Let me show you exactly what those are and then how you can avoid some of them and then I'll share my reference sheet so you can stay out of hot water with your credit card. Here we go. There are two types of costs with any business. There's fixed costs on the left side and then variable costs on the right side. Fixed costs are are like your rent for [music] your store. In high level, you pay your monthly subscription fee. Whether you're on the $97 plan, $297 plan, there's even a $4.99 plan, whatever it is, that's going to be repeatable and you can expect it every single month. On the right side are variable costs, meaning how much do you use the email campaign generator? How much do you use SMS and text blast people? Well, based on that, your cost is going to increase. You can think of this as utilities for your home. And when you sign up using my affiliate link and join my school community, I actually walk you through these and avoid some of these pitfalls so you don't end up overcharging yourself and don't overcharge your customer in return. So what are the three plans that Highle offers and what's the difference? The first one is the $97 plan. You can use this for a typical local service business owner. Let's say you're an electrician and you have your own marketing person in house that can run your website, can do certain automations. And so you may have that and then you may have another sub account that you use for testing purposes. You want to test out that email campaign before you blast a thousand emails out there and cost yourself money or upset a bunch of people, end up blacklisted. So you have a second sub account that's for testing purposes. And then you might get a third sub account transferred over. Let's say if you join my school community, I give you my agency snapshot. So, you bring that in, you're already maxed out at your three sub account limit. Any new account or sub account that you want to create, maybe for a different department or your friend that's also an electrician, you can't do that without upgrading. So, it's not really for businesses that are trying to be an agency. You want the plan that's in the middle here, the unlimited plan, 297 a month. This gives you unlimited sub accounts. Meaning, if you want to just give people free trials all day long throughout your entire city, build sub accounts and websites for everybody, you can do that for no additional cost. This is great for prospecting, and you often see this when people are online saying, "Hey, I'm just going to build you a website." And then you're going to be so convinced you're going to go ahead and sign up for my services. As soon as you have four or five paying customers, you'll soon realize that you really need to move up to the SAS Pro plan. The reason for this is in the unlimited plan, you as the agency owner are responsible for all the bills. So if your sub account owner decides that, hey, they're going to do email campaigns [music] worth thousands and thousands of dollars, that's going to land on your agency credit card and then you have to backpedal and figure out how you're going to in turn charge your customer because that connection is not available unless you go to the SAS pro plan. over there you can use the same features that Highle gives you as the agency owner and then upsell or upcharge your clients in a very seamless way. So your client can use it all day long, text blast anybody they want and then all the costs are incurred by the client and in addition to that you as the agency owner have the opportunity to charge a 5% commission or a 10% commission on that. So really what you want to do is start with the unlimited plan unlimited sub accounts [music] and then as you start getting some paying customers then move up to the 497 plan. And at the time of this recording right now it's Cyber Monday week and you [music] can get a 50% off deal for the next 3 months. So any one of these plans would be 50% off over the next 90 days. One of the first things you run into is your business needs a phone number, a way to contact your customers. And then all of the SMS text messaging that you're doing has to be registered with the internet service providers. That means you have to pay for that application. It's a onetime setup fee. I've seen this anywhere from $15 to $20, sometimes a little bit more depending on where you're located. And then every single month there's a cost associated with that carrier as well. And if you're going to be low volume, meaning you're just sending one or two text messages here and there, I recommend don't even register for this. This is more for the automation piece where you need to send lots of automated text messages. Anytime somebody books an appointment, there's confirmations. There's confirmations just prior to the appointment, just post appointment. There's uh please leave us a review type text message or you're doing mass advertising. [music] Anytime you're counting in the hundreds of text messages is when I would consider getting your A2P registration. Anytime before that, just use a manual app or some third party software that connects to your phone and then you can send messages that [music] way. Now, on the bottom left, if you're actually sending SMS and making phone calls, how much does that cost? Well, first your character limit is set to 160 160 characters per cost block. So that means 0.7 cents is what it's going to cost every time you send what used to be a tweet. Used to be 140 characters, now 160, let's say. And that's an example there at the bottom. So faulty wiring is a fire hazard. Get a free home electrical inspection from a licensed electrician. Stay safe and save money book. Now without even the link in there, that's 160 characters right there. Now, if you added a couple more lines to that, let's say there was a reschedule option in there or a please leave us a review option in there, and you would have a longer text, that could be two, three segments long, and then your cost start adding up because it's not just one text you're sending. [music] Remember, you're going to multiply it by a,000 or possibly more depending on your campaign size. Now, if you start adding pictures to those text messages, you guessed it, it's going to be a little bit more, 2 cents per picture that you add. And then you actually have to get the phone number. Now, this is not a onetime purchase. You actually lease these phone numbers from the service providers at $1.15 per month. Now, inside your agency view in high level under agency and then billing, that's where you can see your wallet. [music] Your wallet gets recharged very similar to a Starbucks card. You can pick whatever amount you want in here. And then as you spend the money, so for example over here, there's a local phone number call, there's a email that went out, an outbound SMS, and so on. So every single thing gets charged in these fractional pennies that comes down and extracts the money from the wallet and the wallet just recharges [music] based on whatever you decide. And so in the case of the phone number, you come down to your sub account on the left side there's phone systems and then you can see I've already purchased this phone number and registered it. But if you wanted to get one, you go to add number, add phone number and then you can pick one that you like. And you can also filter for based on the type of phone number or the first three digits of your phone number and then pick that one. You typically want one that's local to your city. [music] People tend to answer that a little bit quicker. Now on the bottom right is the email part. So 67 cents per thousand emails. This is not a lot of emails [music] considering when you want to do a large campaign, you want to send at least 10,000 emails just as a starting point and then grow from there. And that's after you've already warmed up your domain. You don't want to do this from day one because your domain's going to be brand new and if you send 10,000 emails that all land in somebody's spam box, you'll probably get blacklisted and then hose that domain. Then you have to go buy a new one. So, first start off slow, just a couple hundred emails here and there and then slowly build your way up to a thousand and then 5,000 and then 10,000 and beyond. Now, it's costing that much per email you send. However, if you want your email to also be verified and that it has an increased chance of landing in somebody's inbox, then it's 200 $2.50 per thousand emails. The cost jumps significantly. [music] Now, this is well worth it if you really want that email to land in their inbox. So, you be the judge. Do you want your email delivered to the inboxes or most likely end up in spam? You're probably going to pick the $2.50 option. So, just plan accordingly. Now, what I have noticed is overall Highle is cheaper on the email side. So if you're using Mail Gun or Send Grid, other softwares that focus specifically on email campaigns, they still end up becoming higher. Objectively speaking, they're higher in cost. Highlevel is 67 like we talked about. In Mail Gun, they have different plans. So the basic plan, which is $15 a month, you're spending about $1.50 per thousand. This is probably where you're going to be if you're just starting off anyway. So just compare this number. there's higher subscriptions and if you have, you know, 100,000 emails coming out a month, then you can consider a higher monthly plan because you're going to save a little bit more [music] on the thousand emails. Now, if you're paying $90, it's not a huge jump to just pay $97 a month and get the smaller subscription on High Level. So, High Level still wins in the [music] end. Send Grid I've used especially when High Level was unable to do HTML, which now Highle can do HTML. So there's no need for send grid anymore, but before it was uh $20 a month and I could send 50,000 emails a month and at 40 cents per thousand, which was a really good deal. But now High Lee can do the same exact thing and it gives you all of these other features as well, which just makes it more cost effective. If you're only focusing on sending emails, maybe you have a side project or a business project you're doing in college [music] and you just want a one-time application, then use Send Grid. Now, let's say you landed your customer or you have your own website and you want to maximize search engine optimization, mainly Google finding you and LLM's finding you as a service. How do you do that? High Level has partnered with a company called Search Atlas. I use them as well. I actually have a video that did a walkthrough on Search Atlas and how to use it to the maximum. And now that it's integrated, you can actually buy Search Atlas in Highle and upsell it. So, High Level charges you $79 as the agency owner. You have the ability to upsell this to your customers. And if you did something like that, you would then profit $71, for example. And you can do this for almost any other feature at the agency level. So you want to sell AI employees to your customer, they have the ability to enable them, but you as the agency owner have the ability to upcharge them to say, "Hey, if you're going to be part of my agency, you can have AI employees, but they're going to cost you a little bit more." Now, on the top right, there's a comparison here. So, if you use Search Atlas through Highle, it's $79 a month, which is a better rate. And like I mentioned, you can upsell it to your customers. [music] On the top right, if you went to Search Atlas directly, they would charge you $99 per month. And when you offer a website or any kind of online presence to your customer, make sure that you're selling [music] these SEO services. There are companies that are built strictly around SEO only as a main service product and they use Search Atlas making millions of dollars. Now, if it only cost you $79, you should consider at least $200 or $300 per month as a starting point when you're offering SEO services to your customers. Just keep in mind as you're using Search Atlas, there are some limitations. So the AI fixes that you get which go in and automatically update certain aspects of your website maybe it's metatags or keywords or rewriting titles you do have an a limit you get tokens and after a certain amount you have to pay for topups and that costs a little bit extra. Now the artificial intelligence usage goh high level has their own AI capabilities as well where they help you generate content let's say for your website but you can also use LLMs like Gemini chatgpt outside of high level if you wanted to one example is when you're in agent studio and you're building this agent I also did a walkthrough tutorial of how to use this in text generation you have the option to pick the model so 41 versus 5 mini [music] and 41 is going to be a little bit cheaper these LLMs are still thousands of times smarter than humans. So just go with a smaller option for now. The other place to consider this is when you're building a website. We [music] have this generate with AI option. And so when you type in a prompt over here, it'll build you a website, but that costs money. Now there's some benefits of doing it right here. I just had a tutorial yesterday, I think that came out on building a website in under 30 minutes, and it's all integrated with Highlee because you're doing it on their platform. So calendars, automations, everything is integrated into this website. But if you wanted to save some money, you could build a HTML code in Gemini for free and then just embed it into your website and you have the same result. So if you're generating content on the top left there is 9 cents per thousand words. So you want to build a blog for example and you want it to be 1,500 to 2,000 words which is the optimal length for a blog. It's going to start costing as well on a daily basis. Same thing with conversation AI. When you have a chatbot on your website interfacing with possibly hundreds of customers asking frequently asked questions, all of that cost adds up. And so what you want to do is keep focusing on your wallet to see what where you're spending the money the most. And at some point, if you start increasing over $97 for AI, it just makes more sense to go get the flat [music] rate $97 per month AI agent that can do this unlimitedly. Same thing for workflows. When you have an opportunity pipeline and you have workflows that trigger every time you move a lead from one stage to the [music] next, that's costing you a penny per execution. So the problem is all of this gets expensive if you're not watching what you're doing. So one clever way to save a little bit of money is when you're building these automations and workflows like an agent studio instead of having a sequential node like this that relies on GPT41 mini through the highle platform [music] because this node is right here it's a sequential node you could essentially get an API call node which makes a call to some other platform on the internet and in here you can point it to your open AAI API and then leverage your own account for the cost and going to open AAI directly via API is cheaper than using the sequential node in high level and here's that example. So you have your workflow and then you have a custom web hook which is your call out to open a open AI using the API that you would have set up under your account [music] and then there you have the option of which model you want to choose and you want to use GPT40 mini which is the [music] cheapest one and using 40 mini costs 15 cents per million tokens which is effectively free. So, the real starting cost if you're setting this up correctly and you already have a few customers or you're thinking about [music] getting a few customers very quickly is you jump in the $4.97 plan and currently there's a 50% discount. I don't know when you're going to watch this video, but you could get this for half off about $250, let's say, and then $50 for your phone and email setup and have some money in your wallet there and then go ahead and register your phone. you're looking at about $600 a month on the regular price. And if you use the discount, you're right around 350 bucks, let's say. And when you do have customers, rule of thumb, rebuill everything. Everything you can add on your agency, you send it directly to your customers and you have that agreement at the beginning to say you're responsible for your own phone usage, email usage, [music] automations, and so on. And then you can also upcharge your customer on some of these. Audit everything. Look at your workflows. Pay close attention to your wallet over and over again to make sure that you're not looking at the premium triggers like in your workflow at the end of your workflow. If I wanted to plug this into a Google sheet and I search for my actions Google, I see this crown over here. That means it's a premium web hook and it's going to cost a little bit more to use this one. Maybe you don't need to put it in a sheet after all. Maybe you just update the tag of the customer to identify that yes, this person has been contacted already. And if you're a planner like me and you're going to be in this game for a long time, consider the annual billing plan because if you do pay for that, you save two months right [music] off the bat. And that could be about 500 to $1,000 in savings from day [music] one. Now, I built this reference sheet using Gemini. You can build your own or come to our school community and I'll give you a copy of this one. Look for the link in the description, but it gives you a quick little reference on the top side. Core SAS usage. you see how much text messaging, emails, phones, and SEO costs you and then some of the hidden costs with the automations and workflows that you need to consider and then maybe compare them to Zapier and Make if you're familiar with those. They can also automate a bunch of tasks online from disparit applications. If you're focusing on your search engine optimization game, you can use the integrated search atlas, but there's also other ones out there like Semrush, age refs, moss, screaming frog, Google Analytics, it's just free. all come with various capabilities. So consider that. On the top right, you have the co cost comparisons for emails. So if you use go high level and you just want to pay as you go, 67 cents for thousand emails, but you can use mail gun and send grid. I would say send grid is probably your only other option for one time off cost savings. But high level is probably the overall winner there. And then AI and content generation tools. Try to leverage the LLM's directly if you want to save some money there because if you do build in high level, yes, it's going to be a little bit more seamless and effective, but it will cost a little bit more. Image generations, you can use MidJourney. I also use Gemini Pro, which is about $20 per month. They have Nano Banana, phenomenal images, makes YouTube thumbnails, all sorts of cool things for me. And then there's some other ones too like Jasper and Copy AI. For project management, you can do tasks within high level as well where as an agency, you might have tasks for your company employees. You can text them that task. [music] They can complete it, reply within the email saying it's done, and then it'll update the task for them on the board. But if you want to do this completely third party, you can use Trello Monday and then Slack and Zoom for communication basis. So, thanks to my friend Jason for recommending that I do one of these videos. If you want me to do something specific, build something, talk about something, I'm happy to take recommendations. I do ask that you join my free school community so we can interact a little bit more. And then if you use my highle affiliate link, I'll help you build your business and hopefully become profitable before your 30-day free trial even expires. See you soon. If you want to try your hand at doing this yourself instead of just watching, you can use my highle affiliate link in the description below. If you use that, you get an extended 30-day highle trial, hundreds of pre-built AI agents, access to my school community, 40 plus business and marketing courses that I've built. You'll have all of my website template that [music] you've seen me create. I'll even hop on a live Zoom call with you twice a week to help guide you and build your business with you. You'll have a direct line [music] to me and also a chance to join my agency and run some of these businesses that I have as well as take on my clients. Hope to see you soon. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @gavinkaos [1 likes]: Very good information. Its information that doesn't seem to be talked about.

- This MASSIVE Targeting Hack Lowered Ad Costs 17% on $154K Ad Spend: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, welcome back. In this video, I'm going to share with you a massive targeting hack that helped my client lower their ad cost by 17% week-over- week on $154,000 of ad spend. Now, in total on meta ads, this client spends upwards of $22,000 a day on ads on meta ads. And it's really hard once you get to that level of spend to actually lower your ad costs, especially by more than 10%. So, nobody was more pleasantly surprised than me when we set up this targeting strategy and it worked like a charm and it's still working. So, in this video, I'm going to share with you the exact audiences that we set up. But the more important element that I want you to walk away with is the strategy that we use to put these audiences together. So, this is a lookike strategy that I'm going to present today. This client runs extensive keyword targeting audiences as well. So that is a really strong strategy that we lean into really hard. But this particular strategy today is based on lookalike. So in order to start putting the strategy together for you, the first thing that I want you to do is to think about the steps that your customers take from the initial time that they're seeing your ad to the time that they purchase. So I'll give you the example of this client and how we put it together. The first step is that their customers were seeing a social media ad on meta ads somewhere, you know, Instagram or reals, stories somewhere, and they stopped scrolling or stopped swiping. So, that's the first step. The second step is that they watched enough of one of our video ads, which usually are about 15 seconds in length. They watched enough of that video ad to be interested. And so the third step is that they then decided to click to one of our lead generation landing pages and then from there they decided to fill out their lead information. They got a phone call from our sales team and then they purchased from there. So that's the entire process that somebody goes through in order to buy. Maybe they have other steps, right? But for the purposes of building out this audience strategy, you just need that clean process. If somebody went start to finish today, what would that process look like? Step two is you're going to set up a campaign, whether it's leads or sales, whatever you're trying to get for your business. We set up a lead generation campaign because that's what our initial ad campaigns are always trying to do is drive leads. And we named it the narrow lookalike campaign. We set it on campaign budget optimization because I want the algorithm to be able to choose from a few different audiences within this campaign. And then we set up 1% look alikes on all of the events associated with that full funnel. So let me explain a little bit more the exact audiences. It's true that I left out the stop to scroll because that's a very broad audience. You can set it up. You can set up a 1% lookalike on 3-second video views for example. So if you want to test that out, you can. But for the purposes of my audience, I thought we already have five great audiences and I don't need to mix that one in. So the first audience that we did set up was a 1% lookalike on video views. I chose our top 10 to 15 highest performing videos and those were based on both cost per lead but also rorowaz in the end. People who actually purchased people who had watched at least 75% of those top 10 to 15 videos. And again, that was a 1% lookalike. So, the video views audience is pretty broad, although 75% watched is a more narrow version of that broad audience. But then we also set a 1% lookalike. So, I was pretty confident that that was a pretty targeted audience for us to target. So, I put it in the narrow lookike campaign. The second audience that we set up was a site visitors audience, but we added the exact URLs that we wanted to target the people from those particular URLs. And we added our main paid advertising lead generation URLs. So, it wasn't our entire site. This business does over $und00 million a year. So, we don't need all of the people on all of their programs. We wanted the people who were likely to land on our paid advertising lead generation landing pages, right? So, we set up the site visitors and then we added the URLs and then we set up a 1% lookalike on that audience and added it into our campaign. Next, we set up a 1% lookike of all leads all time. And then we set up a 1% lookike of all purchases all time. And we put all of these audiences into our main campaign and we set it live. And within literally just two days, it had half the cost per lead. But I wasn't sure at the time yet if it was going to actually be qualified leads. So we let it bake a few more days. But it was pretty evident after a few days that it was definitely lowering our qualified cost per lead. So, we went forward with step three, which is if the narrow campaign is working really well for you, it's time to expand that into a broader version of those audiences. So, it's not as simple as just going from a 1% lookalike to a 2% lookalike. There are many ways that you can expand your targeting. So, I'll talk you through how we did it and why we did it that way. So, the first audience was the 1% lookalike on video views. 75% watched our top 10 to 15 videos that were around 15 seconds in length. And instead of going to like a 10% lookalike or maybe a super lookalike on that audience, we decided to expand it instead by backing that 75% down to only 50% watched. So way more people got to the 50% watched of our videos than the 75%. So that's how we expanded the base audience, but we left it on a 1% lookalike. Then we decided to do a super lookalike for our lead generation landing page views. And if you're not familiar with a super lookalike, it's setting up a 1% 2% 3% 4% 5% etc. all the way up to 10%. So you're going to have 10 audiences and then you put all 10 audiences into your adset and that is your targeting. And we did the same for leads all time. We did a super lookalike leads all time and then we also did a super lookalike purchasers all time. And that audience came in at similar results, but we actually got that audience up to $3,500 a day of spend and is performing beautifully. And then both of these audiences combined brought down our cost per qualified marketing lead 17%. And it wasn't just 17% on this little bit of spend. It was actually 17% on an entire week's spend for this brand. And it's continued to drop. So it's been a really exciting time. It's not often I'm able to bring down ad costs this much for a brand that's spending so much. So, it was really exciting to see these results. And then lastly, we took it one more step. Step four was making sure that all of these base audiences that we had built lookalikes on that were working well that we were also retargeting those base audiences. And there were two that we were not. The video views, we weren't retargeting those. And then we also weren't specifically retargeting people who had landed on our lead generation landing pages. So we threw those two audiences into our retargeting campaign. And the cost also came down on that particular campaign as well. So this is the four-step process of building out this audience strategy. And we could go to probably a step five or step six, continuing to broaden our audience. But for now, I don't have more budget to play with. the client's happy, so we're keeping it as is for now. I hope that these audiences can help you lower your ad cost. And more importantly than just these audiences, I hope that this strategy can help you build really smart, high-erforming audience for your business in the future. So that's it for today. If you enjoyed this video, go ahead and hit that subscribe button and I will see you in the next video. Bye.

- Facebook Ads Not Spending? Step-By-Step Fix for Ad Sets That Won’t Deliver (Meta & Instagram): Kind: captions Language: en Now, what to do if your Facebook and Instagram ads are just not spending the full daily budget? Meaning, you set a campaign on, let's say, $500 or adset on $50, but it's really only spending a small fraction or maybe not spending any money at all. In this video, I'll show you step by step how to investigate what's the root cause and how to fix the problem so your audiences will spend the full budget. So, first, just a real quick high overview. What are we talking about, right? So when you're in your ad account and you have your campaigns and inside of your campaigns you have your adsets and now let's just say you have a daily budget here of 240 but the amount spent ends up not being 240 but is significantly lower or is uh pretty much zero. Then we know something is not right and we need to take action. The very first thing to check for is to make sure your ad account is not banned and you don't have an issue with your payment method right or pass through payment on your credit card. The first hint for that is if you have other audiences that are spending money, right? So, if you for the same time frame see that there's other audiences or campaigns that have some amount spent, you know, you're uh fine, right? The ad account is in good standing. You'll also get a red warning message here at the top where you will get a notification if a payment failed or your ad account is restricted for any reason. One more thing to check for is when you go on the ads level. So, you click on the adset name and you check on all of your ads to make sure that the delivery uh status uh is not disabled or something like that, right? When you click on edit, you'll also see right here at the top right hand side a warning message if something is wrong with the ad. That can also obviously affect adset level spending. So, if all of your ads are disabled or blocked for whatever reason, then your adsets won't deliver as well. So, that's a real quick health check. Once you've done that and you know you're good, we can move on to the next step. Next, we want to ensure that the adset level targeting uh is not causing the issue. Why the adset level? Because that's really where we set the targeting restrictions and that's typically associated with with delivery issue. So, the very first thing we want to check for is the target audience size. I'll show you how to check for that. You head on over back into the adset. You hover over it, click on edit, and then at the right hand side, you will see here show estimate audience size. and you click on that, you can see the actual audience size, right? And so you can see this is obviously a massive massive audience. Sometimes when folks have very narrow lookalike audiences or interest targeting, they might find that this audience number ends up being very narrow and small. What's too narrow? I would say that anything below 200,000 is playing with fire. And so that could then cause basically delivery issues. That happens a lot when you set up very narrow interest and you you layer them, right? So in that case you can consider not layering them and basically just have one set of interests and then you create another adset targeting the other set of interests to just broaden that audience size. So everything above 200k should be fine. Also when you target a custom audience a retargeting audience of your website visitors let's say and on that pixel you have less than a thousand visitors that this could also be causing that issue. And so then just wait until you have gathered more website visitor data on your pixel and then you can relaunch the audience and then should deliver. Next, make sure that you have active ads inside the adset. We already touched on that, right? So when you click on the adset, just make sure that there are ads in there that they're all enabled. So you can see this blue icon right here. Uh and that under the delivery column, you don't have any issue where the ad was disabled. If you don't have the delivery column, head on over right here, click customize columns, and then choose uh select it, and then on the right hand side, it'll show up, and you can drag it into place, and you can click on save, and uh you'll have that uh column ready for your review. Last but not least, make sure you don't have any low manual bidding on the audience. So, when you go into the adset level, you click on edit, you scroll down, you'll have here cost per result, and it says none, right? So in this case, I am on what's called automatic bidding. So Facebook's algorithm will automatically figure out what bidding to to use to enter the auction. But right now, it basically says that Facebook will figure out what's the right bidding and then it's very hard to basically bid too low. And so as a result, you don't get any any reach because you're never winning an auction, right? If you have a value here and it's a very low value, then that could be causing the issue. If, let's say, uh, you know, right now, I'm basically saying, look, I'm willing to spend $5 to get a purchase. that might be too low if I'm selling 20 thou $5,000 products, right? So, um it always has to be in relation. So, my recommendation would be in the beginning to just get rid of it, to not use it, um and see if that fixes the issue. Now, if you've gone through all those steps and there's still no spending or you uh ensure that it's not really applicable to you, then we have to, you know, get out the heavy measures and so we'll try things to force spending on the campaign and on the adset. In a first step, what I like to do is I just like to duplicate the campaign or the adset. I have the uh budget set to 240 right here on the adset level. I can just duplicate the adset. Just re-entering the marketplace for whatever reason gets the spend going. But but uh that would be my first step, just duplicate the adset. And if you're on this active status for, let's say, more than half a day and there's still no spending or very little spending after a day or two, then we got to move on to the next step, which is high manual bidding. I would bid very aggressively. I get sometimes attacked for this because it's not a really logical thing to do, right? So, uh, if I'm selling, let's say, a $500 product, my target cost per purchase is 250. I would bid 1,500, for example. So, three times your AOV, two times your AOV, something very aggressive because I want to reenter the auction. I want to have very high bid. I going to outbid competitors. I will get more delivery and more spend. If I'm telling Facebook I'm willing to spend 1,500 to get a purchase, wouldn't it be crazy expensive? I only want to spend 250. That's true. And it won't really translate into 1,500 cost per purchase. And we're just using this as an initial kick in the butt to get some spend going. and then you can take it out of the adset once it starts delivering but not performing. So this is another trick that I use to really get full spend. And if even this doesn't help and you spend another day and there's just no spending on that audience, then you have to bring out the absolutely heaviest gun, right, which is raising the daily budget and if possible, accelerated spending. Now, at the time of taping this and in the ad account that I'm inside of right now, it's not available that option, but check for yourself if it's available on your site. Right? So, when you head into the adset in question, you'll find at the top section under conversion, you scroll down, there's going to be this show more settings, and then you have delivery type. And if you can set this, you can go to accelerated spending. And so then it will basically be yet another kick in the butt to really accelerate spending and get this going. You can pair it with an increase in daily spend or you first set up accelerated spending and then increase the daily spend. So in that case, you have a large enough audience, healthy ad account standing, high budget, high manual bidding, and accelerated spending. But make sure that you monitor every hour to ensure that you know you're not um you're not burning through capital too fast. Um that's that. And obviously at some point if you have other audiences that are delivering and performing well, you could obviously also just throw in the towel at some point and say, "Look, I'll rely on the other ones." You can also just when you are a customer, if you're watching this video and you're a customer of Adamigo AI or a user, then obviously you can just ask the agent to run an audit on that asset and figure out why it's not delivering. And then at the end, it'll recommend to you things that it wants to do to fix that delivery, right? So, it can go ahead and then change the bidding, change the budget and everything. You just talk to the agent. It's almost like a media buyer or an agency and it will figure out what needs to be done and do it for you. I hope this video was helpful and see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nathan47223 [11 likes]: FInally a video that comprehensively explains this.
  2. @Hajimuizcopy [5 likes]: Thanks man. Duplicating the ad sets worked
  3. @samsemilia88 [3 likes]: just started a new bm accound and ad account
i put 50$ for a campaign
an ABO
since 2 days its not spending 1 cent
raised budget, duplicated it did everything
even i put 50$ on the account as credit.. its still not spending
  4. @jonathanalves9337 [1 likes]: How can i know if my account has been banned?  My account seems ok, I can create ads, but it`s not spending at all
  5. @DivyaanshBhardwaj-o9s [1 likes]: Another issue could be that your card is set as backup not primary that was issue for me .
  6. @loujeanbuenaventura [1 likes]: Hey ,Just wanted to ask if you already have someone handling video edits.
If not, happy to chat and see if it makes sense to work together.
  7. @tomwootton6518 [1 likes]: Thanks for the video bro, i launched my first ever campaign a day or 2 ago and waited for the 24 hour review after that iseen no results, so i paused my active campaign and launched a new campaign that targetted traffic insteaf sales, still sat on 0£ spent even tho my ad is "active"
  8. @oyebankeoyelowo3290 [1 likes]: I’m facing this issue on all my ads account 
What could be the cause?
I have tried everything in this video ,it’s still not spendifing
  9. @nonaim4833 [1 likes]: i just satrted the campaign 4 hours ago and just have 0  dollats spending is it nromal ?  i have audience of 1.000.000.000 and 50 $ budget
  10. @Highvibenoah [1 likes]: Nice video I’m facing this issue
  11. @growwithgodbless: Well done.. keep up the good work
  12. @YTkingsniper: It’s my very first ad and campaign I’m running and it’s been active for more than a day and it’s still not spending money on the ads yet. Can you please tell me what happened and how I can fix it?
  13. @antoinettemuzi1640: Would this work for a lifetime budget? I am running a ticket flash sale and barely got any spend in the last 12 hours
  14. @SalmanAli-yk5mx: I duplicated the campaign and paused the original one as you told, then after a few hours, all ads' status changed to "Preparing" from active now. Don't know what's happening!!!
  15. @tapoa5638: thankyou, increasing cost per result goal worked
  16. @fakiev22: i have a new account should i just wait a day or 2
  17. @RZephyrr: My ads are not spending but meat is charging me a little bit I think it is to check payment is working and it is but still $0 spent on the actual campaign. Those facbook payments were most likely tests from meta.
  18. @MirOrhan: wanted to share my experience with Meta Ads support because it has been extremely frustrating.

I have been running multiple campaigns, following all the recommended guidelines — using Meta Advantage campaigns, no manual targeting, no frequent changes — yet I am facing CPM spikes up to 100x and very low impressions. This is causing continuous losses.

Since yesterday, I have been communicating with Meta advisors, providing detailed screenshots and proof, but the support team has:
	•	Ignored my proof
	•	Repeatedly told me to “wait 24–48 hours” without any actual solution
	•	Given vague, generic replies
	•	Failed to escalate the issue to a senior or technical team

Even when I ran a practical ad exactly as instructed, let it run for the whole day despite losses, the result still showed negative performance, but my evidence was not accepted.

I am extremely frustrated because the support team is not taking my case seriously, wasting my time, and giving no resolution, even though this issue is causing real financial loss.

I wanted to share this with you because I feel like Meta Ads support is mishandling serious issues
“I would really appreciate it if you could provide guidance or assistance to resolve this issue
  19. @thehypereelz: Bro i literally tried everything here and contacted support, but my ads aren't spending at all. It suddenly stopped spending on spetember and till now its not working. 

  Its an old ad account abiut 1 year.   
I cheked the audience size, pixel, ad creative, cost bidding, budget, domain verification and also tried duplicating the ads nothing worked. Im out of solutions honestly man my ads are just stuck at 0
  20. @gamer124: i launched 1 adset with 6 creatives with 1000pkr which is enough like in dollars you can assume i am spending 30$ but meta is not spending money in 2 days its spend only 1k but my budget was 1k pr day , and we are frsh no data our first compaign . we are on broad fully broad ,  plus all creatives are active i  can see ! 
if you know pls tell if don't know just tell me i will appreciate it !

- How To Fix the Facebook Ads Not Delivering Problem [2025 Full Guide]: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem. If you've ever run into this issue, you know it can be frustrating to see your ads stalled, especially when you're eager to get your message out. But don't worry, I'm here to guide you through a straightforward process to check and resolve those delivery hiccups. First things first, you'll need to navigate to Facebook Ads Manager. You can do this by searching for it on Google or simply using the URL link if you have it bookmarked. Once you're there, you'll want to click on go to ads manager. This takes you directly to your dashboard where all your ad campaigns live. Now, if you're prompted to enter your email and password, this is essential to ensure you have full access to your account. Once you've logged in successfully, you'll see a wide array of tools and data at your disposal, but our focus today is on the campaigns dashboard. This is your control center for all the ads you've ever run or are planning to run. Next, we'll turn our attention to the delivery column within your campaigns dashboard. This column is crucial because it displays the current status of your ads, ad sets, and overall campaigns. This is where you'll see if your ad is active, pending, or off. If the status reads pending, this could mean several things. It might be that your ad is still in draft form, waiting for you to complete and submit it. It could also be pending review by Facebook's team, which is a standard procedure to ensure your ad meets their community standards and guidelines. Lastly, it could simply be that the ad is scheduled for a future date and time. On the other hand, if the status reads off, this indicates that your ad has been manually turned off by you or another user with access to your account. Alternatively, it could have been automatically disabled due to a preset rule. Facebook allows you to create automated rules to control ad delivery based on certain criteria like budget limits, time of day, or even audience reach. Always double check these settings if your ad isn't showing as expected. Make it a habit to regularly check your delivery status. It might not just be a technical glitch. Sometimes it's as simple as ensuring that everything aligns with your intended schedule and budget. By keeping an eye on these indicators, you can swiftly address any issues and ensure your ads are reaching the desired audience efficiently. By following these steps, you should be able to pinpoint and resolve the reasons why your Facebook ads aren't delivering. Remember, the key is to stay proactive and regularly monitor your ads. By doing so, you can ensure that your advertising efforts run smoothly and achieve the results you're aiming

  Top Comments:
  1. @CarlosFlores-zk1ln [28 likes]: You didn't give a solution, just reasons to why. Like a professor telling you why you didn't solve a problem but not actually explaining step by step a solution.
  2. @smiless101 [7 likes]: Mine is active bu not delivering?!!!!
  3. @giovangcotich [4 likes]: wasting my time, garbage video
  4. @APcheques [3 likes]: i'm never getting those 2 minutes back
  5. @toysandgameslover5417 [3 likes]: What the fuck mate. You reading an AI script LOL
  6. @avesmalik6406 [3 likes]: Blah Blah Blah... Nonsense.. No Solution.
  7. @youknowmuna [2 likes]: you have not solved any issues or answered any questions, this is a pointless video
  8. @semricbigdog [1 likes]: Useless information
  9. @Smiti-CJ [1 likes]: luckily it's only 2 minutes, wasted.
  10. @Abstract852 [1 likes]: Wow....you like hearing yourself speak but don't actually contribute anything relevant to anyone
  11. @MadTitan954: That was super useless
  12. @amfitness431: Such a waste of time. YOU DIDNT DO ANYTHING TO HELP. That was so AI ass sounding information please do better:(
  13. @James-wt5lx: wtf was this bs you Aussie
  14. @NXXVAA: This is terrible
  15. @oyeintonyebrakeru9636: He didn't give any solution
  16. @engrwehelie9641: Nonsense. Stupid

- HOW TO FIX THE FACEBOOK ADS NOT DELIVERING PROBLEM (STEP-BY-STEP GUIDE 2026): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you how to fix the Facebook ads not delivering problem step-by-step. If your ads are approved but not spending money, not getting impressions, or showing a not delivering status inside Ads Manager, don't worry. This is a very common issue for advertisers, and in most cases, it can be fixed quickly once you identify the real cause. In this guide, I'll walk you through the most common reasons why Facebook ads stop delivering and how to solve them. First, open your web browser and go to Meta Ads Manager. Log into the Facebook account connected to your advertising account and open the campaign that is not delivering properly. Once you're inside Ads Manager, check the delivery column to confirm the exact status of your campaign, ad set, or ad. One of the most common common reasons ads stop delivering is because the campaign is still in review. Facebook sometimes takes longer to approve ads depending on the account history, ad category, or recent account activity. If your ad is still under review, you may simply need to wait a little longer before delivery begins. Next, check your account spending limit and payment method. Go to billing and payments inside Ads Manager and make sure your payment method is active and hasn't been declined. If there's an unpaid balance or billing issue, Facebook may completely stop ad delivery until the payment problem is resolved. Another major reason for delivery problems is audience size. If your targeting is too narrow, Facebook may struggle to find enough people to show your ads to. Open your ad set settings and review your targeting options. Try broadening your audience by increasing locations, age ranges, interests, or behaviors to give Facebook more people to optimize toward. You should also check your campaign budget and bid strategy. Extremely low budgets or aggressive manual bid settings can prevent ads from entering auctions successfully. In many cases, increasing your daily budget slightly or switching to automatic bidding can help restore delivery quickly. Another important step is reviewing your ad quality and policy compliance. If your ads were recently rejected, limited, or flagged for low-quality content, Facebook may reduce delivery significantly. Make sure your ad creatives, landing pages, and copy follow Meta advertising policies and avoid misleading claims, restricted content, or poor user experience. If you recently edited the campaign multiple times, Facebook's learning phase may also affect delivery temporarily. Frequent changes to targeting, budgets, or creatives can reset optimization and slow down performance. Sometimes the best solution is simply allowing the campaign to stabilize for several hours before making more edits. You should also verify that your pixel or conversion tracking is working correctly if you're optimizing for conversions. A broken pixel or missing event setup can confuse Facebook's optimization system and reduce delivery performance. Use the Meta Events Manager tool to confirm your events are firing properly. If none of these fixes work, try duplicating the campaign or ad set and launching a fresh version. Sometimes older campaigns become stuck due to optimization or delivery issues, and creating a clean duplicate can solve the problem almost instantly. And that's it. You've successfully learned how to fix the Facebook Ads Not Delivering problem by checking billing issues, audience targeting, budgets, ad quality, and optimization settings. You can usually get your campaigns delivering again very quickly. If you found this tutorial helpful, make sure to subscribe to Learn Mode Lab for more Facebook Ads, Meta, and digital marketing tutorials.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UpliftZoneYT [1 likes]: I just find my solution here 
Thank you so much

- How to Fix “We Weren’t Able to Place a Temporary Hold on Your Payment Method” | Fix Hold FB Ads 2025: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Hello everyone, welcome back to my channel. Today I will guide [music] you how to appeal hold on your ad account. Your ad account is getting the error we weren't able [music] to place a temporary hold on your payment method. This may be due to issues with your payment provider or insufficient funds on your card. [music] to place a hold. You can add prepaid funds to your account or try again even though there is still money in the account and you have tried changing to another payment method, but it still doesn't fix it. That's also why Master the Meta made this video. Let's solve this problem together. Please go to the comments or [music] description to access the link to the extension. Next, download the extension. Next, [music] go to your browser's extension manager. Once in the extension manager, [music] enable developer mode. Next, open the file you just downloaded. Right click on the extension and select winner, then select extract. Here, wait [music] a moment. A utility file and a file containing the text I have prepared for you [music] will appear. Add extension to browser as in video. Now open the extension. You can see the extension is linked to Facebook appeals category. Step one, enter your FB [music] ads account ID in the first box. Next, enter [music] your FB ID or link in the second box. In step three, enter your business portfolio ID. If the account does not belong to BM, enter [music] add account belongs to individual. Note, if the account belongs to BM, you must be an administrator of BM. In step four, paste the text I have prepared for you. No. Edit according to your information. >> [music] >> Finally, please attach a screenshot of your account status and payment activity of the card reporting the error. Note that card payment [music] activities that report errors must be paid successfully. >> Okay. >> Click send. Now wait for about 2 to 3 hours and then go back to your ad [music] account and you will see that the account is back to normal. Note if it fails, please try [music] again after 1 hour. The process will be successful. During this process, please do not use other extensions to avoid [music] conflicts. You can see my account is back to normal and I can now continue running ads on this account. Master the Meta's video tutorial on how to appeal hold on your ad account.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MasterTheMetafb [4 likes]: 📥 Download link :  https://drive.google.com/file/d/15K3u_nBivxorq7mJKEqsygUOQiGzQS5m/view?usp=sharing
  2. @SeánGomez-g1c: literal savior. my virtual card kept getting rejected by meta's automatic hold system, but this workaround bypassed it smoothly. saved my afternoon ngl.
  3. @ClarkHafdís: holy shit the card hold went through lol
  4. @LærkeWilson: Took me two tries because of system congestion i guess, but on the second attempt it processed the payment successfully. Just wait a bit if it fails first time.
  5. @MayaTurner-n5g: Just saved my agency's client account today. client was getting super impatient because the ads were paused, but this completely saved our reputation. Tysm!!
  6. @MyLuongMy-w3f: bro i was stuck on that stupid could not hold payment loop for 3 days and my campaigns were completely paused. ran this tool and the payment went through immediately. thanks man!
  7. @IgorOrtiz-f9l: cleared the payment glitch so fast. perfect.
  8. @CookEmma-k6d: no clickbait, could not hold error fixed. ty!!
  9. @AuðurThompson: worked on first try, lifesaver bro
  10. @LongThắng-i9z: note that the tip about disabling other extensions like adblocker is key. it failed the first time but went through instantly after i turned them off.
  11. @LocLuuYen: dropping a comment to confirm this works flawlessly in 2026 even though title says 2025. clear instructions, free tool, no gatekeeping. subscribed immediately bro!
  12. @MarinaTurner-s3y: took 5 mins but payment cleared. ty!
  13. @QuangTrinhGia-e1v: i was a bit skeptical about downloading the zip file but checked the extension code and it's totally safe. tool works perfectly for facebook billing glitches.
  14. @ChristopherKim-f4d: meta support is completely useless for billing hold errors, they just told me to contact my bank. thank god i found this video, solved it in 10 minutes.
  15. @ÓmarSanchez-t4b: guys make sure your card actually has enough funds for the temporary hold amount first, then run this extension. second try was instant for me.
  16. @JussiLong: confirmed this works. saved my ad account today
  17. @שולמית-פ5ז: billing error gone let's goooo
  18. @ManuelaBailey-u3i: the extension is crazy lol i literally watched the ad account status change from payment error to active in real time. perfect for scaling my ecom store.
  19. @준혁Peterson: easiest hold bypass ever ngl
  20. @LươngThy: legit fix, still works perfectly!!

- How to Fix Facebook Ads Not Delivering Problem [Full Guide 2026]: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, I'm going to teach you how to fix Facebook ads not delivering problem. 5 minutes. If your Facebook ads aren't delivering, the fastest way to diagnose the issue is right inside Ads Manager. Start by searching for Facebook Ads Manager in your browser and open the official page. On that page, click go to Ads Manager. If you're prompted to sign in, simply log into your account and you'll be taken into the dashboard. Once you're in, head to the campaigns view so you can see all your campaigns in one place. Here's where the key check happens. Look for the delivery column. This column shows the live status across your campaigns, ad sets, and individual ads. So, you can instantly see what's running and what isn't. If you don't see it, scroll horizontally or adjust your columns until delivery is visible. Now, let's interpret what you see. If the delivery status says pending, that typically means one of three things. The item is still a draft and hasn't been published. It's under review by Facebook systems, or it's scheduled to start at a later time. Pending isn't an error. It just indicates the ad isn't eligible to serve yet. If it's under review, it usually resolves on its own. If it's scheduled, it will start delivering once the start time arrives. And if you realize something is still a draft, make sure it's fully set up and published so it can move forward. If the status shows off, the item is not serving. This can happen if someone manually paused the campaign ad set or ad or if an automated rule turned it off based on conditions you set earlier such as budget, frequency or performance thresholds. Off doesn't mean broken, it means paused. In many cases, hovering over the status will tell you why it's off or which rule paused it, so you can confirm whether that behavior is expected. As a best practice, always check the delivery column first whenever you notice spend has stopped or impressions have dropped. It's the quickest snapshot to determine whether you're waiting on approval, you've scheduled a later start, or something has been intentionally paused manually or by automation. From there, you can make informed decisions about timing, publishing, or reviewing your rules without guesswork. That's it. Open Ads Manager, go to the campaigns dashboard, and read the delivery column to pinpoint why your ads aren't delivering. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @LePayette: how about when is not delivering? Why is that the reason?
  2. @Zarafini: Thanks a bunch
  3. @GuaranteedPPC: One really good hack is to recreate the AD.  We do this all the time ourselves.

- Meta Ad Tracking: The Pixel Sucks & What You Need To Do Instead: Kind: captions Language: en you are running ads on Facebook and you're trying to use the pixel alone in order to get clients. >> You're gonna have a bad time. >> Now, I've been running ads for over a decade. I've worked with dozens of companies just in the last year and helping them set up these kinds of systems. And what I can tell you from looking at most companies is one, they're using the Facebook pixel wrong. They're oftentimes trying to use the Facebook pixel to figure out how profitable their ads are, in which case >> going to have a bad time. >> And worse, they're using the Facebook pixel wrong. So they're sending bad data back to Facebook and they're training Facebook to send them lower quality leads. And so what they keep seeing is that their lead quality gets lower, so they're converting less clients. They're not attracting the type of highv value clients that they want to get. And it's all because they unknowingly set up the Facebook pixel the wrong way. And if you do this, >> you're going to have a bad time. >> So I'm going to show you in this video right here is how you can actually train Facebook to send you higher quality leads so that you get better people coming through your ads. and then also how you can set up a system so you have more accurate tracking so you can actually understand the return on the investment that you're making into your ad platforms and so you can actually grow your business with some more reliable numbers. So we're going to get into all that in this video right here. So let's just go ahead and start from the very beginning. What is the Facebook pixel? Why do we even need it? Why is it not working so well anymore? And how can we improve that going forward? So basically the Facebook pixel, if you've run as all you've even gotten started, you've probably heard you need to install the Facebook pixel on your website. And all that is is this one little piece of JavaScript so that when someone goes to a particular page on your website, Facebook can see who that person is. They're lo, you know, it looks the the cookies to see that they're logged into Facebook and it can attach who that person is to their browsing history on your website. So here's where we can track like, okay, did this person view a page? Uh did they become a lead? Did they submit a form? Did they buy something from you? Any of these things could typically be tracked by the Facebook pixel. And this is really good because this sends back to Facebook. Hey, this person is taking these actions on this website. Now, that was really reliable for a long time. But then a few years ago, big privacy stuff started getting updated in all kinds of browsers and mobile phones and all that stuff. So, ever since iOS 14, um, and then now a lot of browsers just do it automatically. So, I think like if you use like Brave, Firefox, I think even the, um, Mac, uh, what's the Mac one? Safari already does this now. they just block all of this tracking stuff because people don't want to be tracked across all of their websites. Um, and then also too, you just have a lot of people just using ad blockers and so they're just blocking all these tracking scripts from going off anyways. So now what you run into is an issue where people are going to your website, they're taking the actions you want them to take. They're becoming leads, they're filling out forms, they're booking calls, they're buying stuff from you, and Facebook has no idea that that is happening. And because Facebook has no idea that that's happening, they can it cannot report that back to you inside the ads manager to tell you that that's happening. But worse off, Facebook doesn't know that the actions that you want to be taken are happening. And so Facebook can't go find you more people who are doing that sort of thing. So this becomes a big problem not just for you on the reporting side, but also for the Facebook on the optimization side. And so even taking this one step further because now we've got all these people who are taking the actions that you want to take that are not um being reported back to Facebook. But then we also have this issue with most people who they're just over reporting the wrong actions. So, this is super common when you have um like let's just say a VSSL call funnel because we run a lot of these. Um but let's say in a typical VSSL call funnels, like somebody clicks on an ad, uh they go to a landing page, then they go to a page that has a VSSL and they have to fill out an application underneath it, and then they go book a call, and then they go to a thank you page. And so, what a lot of companies do, I can tell you because I've worked at uh tons of companies where I've seen this set up, is they have on this page right here um the pixels. So they say like, "Hey, you know, someone uh became a lead. They gave us their information and they went to the VSSL page." And so that is a lead. We want to report that as a lead. Facebook, go find us more people like this. The problem is someone goes back to this page like five times because they originally load the page and they don't watch the video and they come back later and watch it again. Then it reloads again. Um and then they come back there through an email and they watch it again. So you send the trigger back like five times that this person became a lead. And then you've got people up here who are not tracking at all. And so this just causes big issues with like Facebook just gets confused. It doesn't know how to optimize for the right people because it's not getting all the right signals that it needs in order to be able to optimize the campaign and use its giant algorithm to find out who are the people that you want going through your funnel and finding more people like those. And so if you want to be running more profitable campaigns and you want to be getting a higher quality of client going forward, what you need to do is you need to have a better understanding of how these tracking systems work and how we can set up your pixel and your tracking systems in a way that we can one report better back to Facebook. Who are the type of people that you want to be attracting into your campaigns? And then also you can have a clearer picture and a more accurate picture of how much money are you actually making from your ads so that you know that you want to be investing more or less money into your ad campaigns. And so there's a couple ways that we can do this. We still need the Facebook pixel installed. This is just always going to be a super important part of um running any type of business with ads is you need to have the actual ad platform pixel set up because that's the first thing that's going to send data back to the ad platform to tell them that they're doing a good job. Now, there are a couple of things we can do to solve a problem like this where we're over reporting stuff. We typically tend to use uh what's something called Google Tag Manager to install this kind of stuff because that's where we can set up conditional logic like hey we only want to report this one time. You know if someone comes back to this page four or five times we don't want to report it four or five times. We only want to report it one time. Now you can do that usually using something like Google Tag Manager. You could also have like a developer set that up uh and kind of custom do it. But the easiest thing to do is just use a Google Tag Manager and set up some conditional logic. So, this kind of stuff only happens once, but I can also tell you uh from looking at a ton of accounts over the last year, one of the biggest things you can do also is stop optimizing for this event right here. Because what a lot of people do is people, they collect a name and an email here, which is usually just like the baseline for someone coming into the funnel. And then they qualify people here. They send only the best people here. And then they actually want people who are booking calls, who are quality leads. And so what we want to do is actually optimize for this down here and not this event up here. So as a general best practice, what we typically want to do is we want to optimize as absolutely deep in the funnel as possible where we can still send Facebook regular uh daily feedback that it's doing a good job because what you'll see inside of Facebook is you have something called a results column. And that results column is just Facebook telling you, are we doing the thing that you're asking us to do? If you tell us to go get leads and all a lead is is a name, email, and phone number, what it's going to do is it's going to go get you a bunch of people who are just going to give you their name, email, and phone number. If you tell Facebook, "Hey, I want you to get me quality calls." And all you're reporting back on the quality calls is people who come to the landing page, fill it out, fill out an application, actually are qualified, and then go to your call calendar, and then book a call with your closer. That's going to be the people that it's going to go out and find. So, what we want to do is train our results column to send us the best people. And this just comes down to what is the event that you're actually optimizing your campaign for. Are you choosing to optimize it for leads or are you choosing it for something deeper down in the funnel like someone who's submitting an application or someone who's actually booking a call? Now, the other thing that we really want to be able to manage as we go forward is something called Cappy. So, this is your conversion API. And this is actually just an old school way of tracking that is coming back now that the pixel is becoming less and less accurate. So the conversion API is a little bit more of a technical way of doing tracking, but basically all it is is when someone is in the browser and we have this Facebook pixel like this and people have blockers, so this pixel is not going to go off. There's still a way to actually send this data back to Facebook using server side tracking is what it's called. And so all that is is basically the data is going through the server instead of through the browser. It's kind of a little one step back and this actually will fire as well. The other thing that this gives us the ability to do is we can send serverside data through Cappy using different platforms. So imagine this. You have somebody who becomes a lead in your business and then they fill an application and then they book a call and they go to your CRM and then your sales rep manually reaches out to them and they confirm the call. Now, you could send that data back to Facebook through the conversion API. And so, that's a really cool thing that you can do. And what we can do is again, all we're trying to do is train Facebook on who are the best people that are coming through the funnel because if you tell Facebook, go get me more leads that give me their name and email, it's going to do exactly that. Now, if you tell people, hey, go get me more people who book calls or people who actually confirm calls and show up, it's going to do that. We just want to train it as much as possible to go as deep in the funnel as possible. And this conversion API is a really valuable tool for us to be able to do that. Now, how do you actually set up the conversion API? So, what we use is a platform called stape.io. This is a really simple way that I have found to be able to set up Cappy on all the events that you already have set up through a browser. So, any kind of event that might be happening on your website, like leads, submitted forms, purchasing, all you need to go is go to stape.io, io uh get a $10 a month subscription connect it to your Facebook pixel and what you'll see is that you can go into your events manager and actually check and go okay cool now I can see that the events that I'm sending through my pixel are also being sent through conversion API and that's just kind of what we call like these days it's kind of your baseline homework like you just have to have that set up um and you don't have to do much in order to get that set up again it's a $10 a month subscription set it up and do that now taking that one level more advanced there's other ways we can send server side data through the conversion API in order to train Facebook on what are the events that are happening and these are can typically be things events that are happening off of the platform um that you might want to use. So uh the two big ways to do that are usually your CRM if you use something like go high level this is kind of integrated or you can use Zapier. So let me give you an example. We have uh we have a client that doesn't use go high level. And so what we do, we have a zap that says when somebody becomes a lead, we drop their information and their application into Slack and there's a little message there on Slack that says, "Hey, this is a lead. This is your application. Reach out to them." Now, someone reaches out to them, they see if they can confirm the call and they see if they can qualify them. If they are qualified, they put a thumbs up, a little like check mark on that message. If they're not qualified, they put an X on that message. And what that does is if we get an X, we send the data back to Facebook and we say, "Hey, Facebook, this was a really good lead. This person is super qualified." Um, and that is actually an event now inside of Facebook that Facebook is learning from and that we can go optimize for. So, we can run a campaign that says, "Hey, Facebook, just go get us more people like this." And if they're not qualified, even though they made it through the calendar, through our application, and they actually showed up on our calendar, we can say they're not qualified. We can just cancel their call and we can train Facebook not to go send us more people like this. So hopefully you can see with this kind of stuff with the Cappy tracking, we can create events that are much deeper in the funnel in terms of how to actually set this stuff up. And again, this is just like a zap that we use. Now, all of this is great. Um, but the big problem that we still don't have is we need a really accurate source of tracking for us, the business owners, the people who are investing money into ads and wanting to figure out how much money we're making. Because the Facebook pixel is going to be wildly inaccurate. This copy tracking stuff is really valuable, but all we're doing here is training Facebook on who are the better quality leads so we can get Facebook to send us better people. But what this isn't going to do is tell us the names and emails of the people who are actually buying from us and what ads they're seeing in order to come to our business and what's resonating with them and actually to come up and buy from us. And what we want to be able to see is we want to be able to attribute like, hey, John is a really awesome customer. Um, he's the exact type of person we want to we want to attract. And I want to know what ad John saw that really resonated with him so that we can go out and make more ads like the one that attracted John. And so this is where we need some form of third party tracking. Now there's a couple of ways to do this. Um, basically you kind of have the choice of you can either build this inhouse or you can pay someone to do it for you. Now paying someone to do it for you is basically just a platform like Hyros. You buy a platform like Hyros and what Hyros does is it has their own pixel and then they use UTM data to attach to your CRM and then they can stitch all this stuff together. So they can see like, hey, John actually came in six months ago. He saw this ad. He clicked on it. Then he's been in the CRM. He's been opening these emails. And then he saw this other ad. He clicked on that one. And then he went to organic socials. He clicked on the link in the bio. He booked a call. And now he bought. And so what you might think is that John told you, "Hey, I came through your social media." But really, John first clicked on an ad six months ago. That's the kind of information you can get with Hyros. And it's a really cool platform to be able to do this kind of stuff. Now, if you don't want to pay for Hyros because Hyros is expensive or you're just getting started or Hyros tells you you're not big enough to work with them or whatever it is, you can always do this kind of stuff inhouse. And the way you do this in-house is you use UTM tracking. You connect that into your CRM. Um, and you can build reports based on of that. So, you want to capture UTMs into your CRM and then you just want to build reports based off of the source data. Um, so like I'm a I'm a freak with Google Sheets and I just build all of this with uh with Google Sheets and it works really well. But again, you could pay hyros to do this kind of stuff. You could do this in Air Table. You got a couple different options. But at the end of the day, what we want to do is we want to do UTMs to figure out what is the source of where our leads are originally coming from. So, usually what this looks like is you attach UTMs onto your ads and then when someone enter enters your CRM for the first time, you use a custom field and you add those UTMs to that contact record inside of your CRM. So now you know where that person originally came from. And then you can build a report and what you want to ask is what's going to be the best source of truth to give me the data that I'm looking for. So, if you're looking at like a VSSL call funnel again and you're saying like, okay, so cool. Someone first clicks on an ad. So, where am I going to get that data from? Well, Facebook is going to be the best place to tell you, you know, how many ad clicks did you get and what did you spend for that? Then you want to see like, cool, how many leads did I get? And we're not going to ask Facebook, how many leads did you get? We're going to look at your CRM to see how many leads you actually got. And then you want to see like, how many applications did I get? And again, we don't want to ask Facebook how many applications you got. we probably want to look at your like uh application form or you know uh so if we like a type form or something like that we want to get that data from there and then we want to see how many calls did I get booked and again we don't want to ask Facebook how many calls you got booked because Facebook's not going to know depending on how your pixel's set up and all that kind of stuff but we can go look at like your calendar platform and we can pull that data in and then we can look at cool how many people bought you know and then where would we get that data well we probably get that data from like your CRM or your payment processor and so what we can do is we can build dashboards and reports s that are going to the actual source, best source of truth for each one of these things and then stitch that into a report. And that's going to be the best thing that you can do in order to have really valuable insights on whether or not your ads are working and should you be investing more ads into uh more money into which ads and which campaigns. Now, again, you can pay hyros to do this. It's just going to cost you a couple hundred bucks all the way up to maybe like a couple thousand bucks a month depending on how big your business is. I think it's absolutely worth it. Um, but if you don't have the financial ability to do this or, you know, sometimes they just tell people they're not big enough or whatever it is, then you just need to make sure you have UTMs on all of your ads. You're going to have to do that with Hyros anyways because that's how they work, you know, but you just build this by yourself. You have UTMs on all of your ads. You store that in your CRM and then you build reports based on the source data. This can be done pretty simply with like some really simple tools, um, couple little API tools and some like, uh, you know, Google sheet formula, stuff like that. I actually I have a whole video where I break down how to do this. So, I'll just drop that probably in this corner up here. Um, and that'll give you like a full breakdown on how to do this. So, if you actually just want to see step by step how to do this, check out this video right up here. Now, I know this might have been like a little technical uh and maybe we got like a little deep into the woods of tracking, but hopefully what I did was made a really clear picture of like look, you want to be running ads to get clients, and you should be running ads to get clients. It's it's a fantastic way to get clients, and I would just argue that it's probably like the best, fastest, most scalable way to actually go out and get clients right now. The challenge is most people who haven't been running ads for 10 years don't realize that you need a lot more than just the Facebook pixel in order to be able to optimize your campaigns correctly. Not only from your insights in terms of like you being able to look at a report and see how much money you're making, how many leads you got, how many calls you got booked, you know, how many people bought from you, all of that stuff, but also for Facebook to know how well it's doing and how it's going to go out and find you the right clients. Because at the end of the day, if you look at your reports, your results column inside of your Facebook ad dashboard, just go to your columns, pull up the reports, the results one, whatever you are sending into that results column is telling Facebook you're doing a good job at giving me the thing that I'm asking for. And usually most people are optimized for leads, which is not a good call. Um, but if you tell people, hey, if you tell Facebook, go get me more leads, and you just optimize for leads, it's going to go get you more leads regardless of the quality of those leads. And so what we want to do is we want to set up more events inside the entire funnel optimized deeper in the funnel. And what we can do is we can use the pixel and we can use copy tracking that server side tracking in order to send Facebook higher value data points. So we can tell Facebook, hey these are much more valuable for me than leads and I actually want to optimize for these things. But as we also discussed, just using the pixel and Cappy alone for Facebook reporting is telling Facebook what it needs to know about how well it's going out and getting you the people that it wants to get. But you also need your own tracking as a business owner, as someone who's trying to invest money into ads. You need to have your own tracking that is much more accurate in terms of the big picture. How are your ads holistically growing your business? What are you investing and what kind of returns are you getting? And what kind of which individual ads are attracting the best clients? And so the way that you can do that is you can either pay for it with a thirdparty tool like Hyros or you can just build it in house um where you can use UTM tracking attach that to your CRM and then build a report using something like Google Sheets in order to pull each data point from the most valuable kind of source of truth on that metric. So again you would get leads from your CRM. Uh you would get applications from your application platform. you'd get calls from your call calendar, uh your calendar booking platform, and you get, you know, purchases from your your actual uh payment processor. So, that's how I would set it all up. Now, if this was like a lot, if this was complicated, if this was too much, you know, hopefully this was like informational, but if this is a lot to figure out from a video like this, understandable. Check out that first link down in the description below. I've got a a little uh the thing about how I help people set this kind of stuff up. Otherwise, I've got a bunch of other videos about this kind of stuff on this channel. So, if you want to go a little bit deeper or you want to get some clarity on some things, check out any of these videos popping up on my face over here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MsFootloose88: Preach!
  2. @YouriTifu: Solid value

- Fix Your Facebook Ads In Just 5 Minutes With Offline Conversions: Kind: captions Language: en Now, let's talk about one of Facebook's most underused weapons, offline conversions. If you're running ads that generate leads, but the actual sale happens later on the phone, in person, over email, Facebook isn't tracking it. This is very common in lead genen campaigns such as home service businesses, local businesses, etc. And that essentially means you're flying blind. So, in this video, I'm going to show you step by step how to upload your offline conversion data directly to Facebook and make your ads way smarter and make you a ton more money in the process. Let's get into it. So, first, what even is an offline conversion? It's super simple. It's any sale, a sign up, or a lead that happens outside of Facebook's pixel. Think sales calls, instore purchases, closing deals 3 days later after they become a lead. Facebook doesn't see that data unless you tell it. And that's where Facebook offline conversion comes in. And here's how to do that. What you want to do is you want to go to the events manager and you want to click on your pixel. So go to the events manager here. Find your pixel. And here what you want to do is you want to go to add new integration file upload. Click setup. And then in here what you want to do is you want to upload a CSV file. So first of all you want to download their example. So download that example CSV file here. And it's going to be super simple. So, what you want to do is you want to upload that example CSV. So, what you want to do is you want to upload that example CSV to something like a Google sheet. And in here, these are the exact columns that Facebook needs for the CSV. So, this is all dummy data, but what you want to do is you want to go in here and add as much information that you have. So, for example, I would go in here and I would add email, phone, first name, last name, uh, usually the most common ones are those, and event name. This is really important. So, these are all, let's just say purchases. The event time, the time stamp that when this event happened is really important and make sure it's formatted correctly. The value of that purchase, and the currency. So, in general, you would have that information. And uh that's what you need to give to Facebook. Let me show you what that looks like once you have that. So once you have that file, you just go in here, upload it, and then you would map this data. So I found all of this information and it's all mapped correctly. And it'll even tell you information here, right? Include details such as event name, purchase, lead, registration. And then the next thing you would do is you would click next. You would review it. And that's how you can upload offline data. And of course, I'm not going to do that because this is example data, dummy data. So, I don't want to send that to my pixel. But once that gets uploaded, now Facebook will know who converted and which ad brought that conversion. And here's the best part. This trains the algorithm. When Facebook sees which leads actually turn into money, it gets smarter at finding more of those leads. your cost per result drops, your rorowaz goes up, and you stop wasting budget on leads that never close. Now, here's a bonus tip. If you want to make this even easier, you can use something like Zapier to automate this whole process. And I'll show you how to do that. So, what I would do is I would go to Zapier and I would trigger off something like a Google sheet. So, from your CRM, whenever it gets moved over to one or gets moved over to close in your CRM, send that data to a Google sheet. And then from here, what we're going to do is we're going to send that purchase event data using this Facebook conversions for business admins. Select your account here. So here you want to connect your account and your pixel and make sure automatic advanced matching is selected. And here what you're going to want to do is you want to map all of those fields like email, phone number, first name, last name, city, state, zip code, etc. just exactly how I was in the CSV in the Google sheet and map all of that here and set that all up. And now it's fully automated. If this video helped you, hit that like button. It tells YouTube this content is worth sharing. Make sure to subscribe. We drop new Facebook ad and marketing videos every single week. And now, if you'd rather have a team do all of this for you, optimize your pixel, track every conversion, and help you scale your ads with data back targeting, then click the link in the description and book a free strategy call with our agency. We'll take a look under the hood, show you exactly where your tracking is leaking, and give you a game plan to scale. So, go to greatmarketing.ai AI or click the link in the description and I'll catch you on the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @rafaelhernandez_ [2 likes]: 📌 PINNED: Here's how I can help you:

Option 1: Want us to run your ads and scale your business? → https://greatmarketing.ai/?utm_source=youtube&el=youtube_pinned

Option 2: Want to learn how to do it yourself? → https://www.skool.com/great-marketing-ai/about

I've spent $10M+ on Meta ads and worked with brands like Neil Patel's NP Digital and Ubersuggest. Whether you want us to do it FOR you or want to learn to do it yourself, I got you.

Drop a 🔥 if you found this video helpful!
  2. @bodysayed2009 [1 likes]: Thank u bro it is very valuable❤
  3. @AmmielCORE: Hi Rafael, the Zapier integration for this case is free?
  4. @dhruval4398: Hey, do I have to mandatorily use “conversion leads” objective for these to work?
  5. @BamboNafe: Some value bombs my dude
  6. @christian-idl: Hi, is the upload a one time thing and whenever a new lead comes in i have to upload a new file?
  7. @iPORTInsurance: The Zapier bit - that was golden for me. Thanks!
  8. @rafaelhernandez_: 📌 Chapters
00:00 - One Facebook Ads feature you're (probably) not using
00:30 - What is an offline conversion? (And why Facebook misses it)
01:00 - Where to upload offline conversion data in Events Manager
01:25 - Downloading and formatting the CSV correctly
01:54 - What info Facebook actually needs (email, phone, etc.)
02:22 - Uploading your file and mapping it properly
02:49 - Why this makes Facebook's algorithm way smarter
03:17 - Bonus tip: Automate the whole thing with Zapier
03:47 - How to set up the Google Sheets → Facebook integration
04:12 - Like this? Hit like. Want this done for you?
04:28 - Book a free call with Great Marketing AI
  9. @varunvummidi: what about non-purchase events, how would I add that?
  10. @AoyjaiiTalon: I lost at the first, whats the pixel?
  11. @smiless101: If i have only phone numbers can i upload it and use it ? Or it has to be all columns full in data  ?
  12. @nwachukwuisilakar9116: How would fb know the ads that got the offline event
  13. @LennyYT: Great video. What are zapier costs like for say a thousand line items added?  Does every single update counts as a task? 🙏

- The NEW WAY To Test Facebook Ads (Post Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en Facebook advertisers are losing their minds when it comes to testing ad creative now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out. I'm seeing so many mistakes being made around this. And in this video, I'm going to show you how we're still able to test ad creative post Andromeda. And we're spending more than $15 million a month across hundreds of ad accounts. We do a lot of testing. >> OH MY GOD. OKAY, IT'S HAPPENING. EVERYBODY STAY CALM. >> WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE, EVERYONE? WHAT'S THE PROCEDURE? >> STAY CALM. OKAY, so let's quickly make sure that we all understand the problem that I'm talking about here. Now that the Andromeda update has been rolled out, one of the big impacts from that is that we now know we need more ad creative diversity. We need more ad creative and we need it to be different, each individual piece to be different from the other pieces of ad creative that we're uh running within within a campaign within an ad set. If you create ads that are just variations of other ones, let's say there's five different ads that all very similar, you're testing different elements, Metal will just pick one of those, put that into the auction, the others won't get a fair crack at it. If you create other ads that are very different visually, could be a different ad format, image versus video, could be uh something that looks very different, then fine. Meta will treat that as a separate ad and and put that into the auction and give that a go and see how it can perform. Now, Meta is doing that because they're recognizing that different people respond to different ad creative. They're also trying to overcome ad fatigues. They're thinking creative diversity, excellent. That's going to help advertisers get better results. But it does create a real problem when it comes to testing. And that's that if you find a winning ad format, let's let's take an image for example. You want to make as much of that as you possibly can. And you also want to get more detailed and test the various elements to see if you can improve performance. So, for example, you might have a winning image and think, right, I want to test different text overlay on the image. I want to test different background color. I want to test it in in that color versus black and white. I want to test including a price banner or not. Well, because those are all relatively minor tweaks of the one image ad, Meta could easily look at those and go, "Nah, they're all the same thing. We're only going to choose one, and that's the only one that actually gets any any budget and any chance to to perform and generate the lead sales, whatever it is you're optimizing for." But we know as advertisers that changing the text overlay, for example, on an image ad can have a massive impact on performance because that might be the thing that either gets people to pay attention to the ad or not. It might be the thing that convinces them to take action or not. It can have a really big impact. So whilst the system might not recognize them as different ads, we know that that can have a big ad performance and we want to be able to test this. What that has led a lot of meta advertisers to do is just guess cuz they're thinking, well, each ad creative needs to be really different. So, for my image ad that includes the founder holding the product, for example, um I'm just going to have to guess that this is the right text overlay to put with it. That's not a great place for advertisers. That's not how we want to do things properly. That's not how professionals operate when it comes to to performance marketing or when it comes to advertising. So, you can test this properly and you absolutely should. The way you do it is with the creative testing tool that I'm going to to demonstrate in a minute. So, let me show you how this creative testing tool works. It's very simple. It's included within within Ads Manager. Um, it's actually the ad level. So, I've just created a quick example leads campaign. You can obviously do this with other campaign types as well. But if you come to the ad level and you scroll down beneath I haven't set up anything else about this ad um yet. I just want to focus in on this. Beneath where you set up your ad creative, you've got this creative testing. Now you can see here here it says compare up to five different versions of your creative in a test that helps ensure delivery to new test ads. That's the really important part. This is why this tool is the perfect solution to the problem created by update when it comes to ad creative testing. So if we click in here, we can better understand it, right? So we can test between two and five different ads. We don't have to just do one, you know, ad A versus ad B. We can test a whole bunch. I'm going to do two for demonstration purposes now, but absolutely fine to to do more at once. You then say how much of your budget should go to test ads. This is just a quick example campaign. Um, this has only got a £25 daily budget. So, I can say, look, use all the budget within this campaign ads set or ads set um for the test or just use a proportion of it. Totally up to you. Um, how long should we run the test for? The default is 7 days, but you can increase this time frame should you wish to. This will depend. What you want to do here will depend on the conversion volume you're likely to generate. So we want to see for example which ad generates a better cost per lead. So we need to make sure that we run the test long enough so that we generate enough leads to have data that we can actually use and and rely on. Now this part is really really important down here. The default for me within this example is cost per post engagement. So how do you want to compare performance? Cost per post engagement. Absolutely not. That is not what I want to measure. I want to measure how well this does on a cost per lead basis on a cost per sale basis whatever it is the most important metric. not engagement. So I want to come in here and change this in this instance to cost per lead, but there are obviously lots of other options as well. Now when I've done this, this is also another important part. It says since your duration or budget changed, the recommended key metric was updated the drop down. Basically that's why they put it cost per um [clears throat] engagement using this metric can help you get more information results with high confidence. So what they're basically saying here without actually saying it but I can translate for you to some extent is that look only spending £25 per day over a seven day period and optimizing cost per lead that might not be either enough spent or long enough to be able to know which ads within this test produce a better cost per lead. So in this instance what we would likely either need to do is increase the budget. we'd have to increase the adset or campaign budget, right? Because that's we can't go beyond the total or increase the time frame or both, right? To the point where we now have enough data to be able to run this test. And no, I'm just going to leave that as is for now. But just wanted to quickly highlight that this is how you go ahead and set that up. So then I go ahead and click confirm. And what you'll see happens very simply is that within this sort of ad here, we've got these two test ads. And then we can go ahead and you can see these ads are same setup as a regular ad. But we could go ahead and add in different uh creative in this instance, but you can also test other things by the way, but we could add in different creative into this ad and then come up to this ad and add in other creative. In fact, I did a little run through a second ago. So, let me show you what that looks like. So, this is an example test that we might want to run um for our ad creative. So, this is an image that has worked well for us in the past. We've run this um in ad campaigns for a little while now, and it's an ad for my mentorship program. By the way, if you're interested in your program, link in the video description, you can find out more. We have unlimited one-to-one support. Um, daily live calls Q&As with me, my expert team members, like tons of support, really good program if you're interested, to go ahead and check that out. But anyway, this is a image that we've run for mentorship program. So, very simple format, picture of me, um, some results that people have achieved with my own mentorship program. Uh, fairly standard image ad, right? Want me to mentor you? We know this works. So, we might go, right, I want to test this against very similar versions of this, but tweak some stuff. So, here we've got a black and white version of me. We might want to test this against, if I just scroll down, it loads up a color version, right, with a little bit of a different background. Instead of just the solid blue background, we've got sort of uh a desk and um and our office behind with some people sat there and and that be the the look of the ad. Meta could easily look at those two ads and go, "These are the same thing. We're only going to put one into the auction." If we weren't using the creative testing tool, but because we are, Meta will now give these ads a proper go. And what they would do as part of creative testing, it's not just about giving it budget. It's also they're going to keep the delivery of those ads separate so that you can do a proper test so that you go, okay, group A within our audience is going to see this ad. Group B within our audience is going to see this ad. And then we can compare performance based on um the metric that we selected. In this case, was cost per result, but could be something else. Once this test has completed, once that time frame has run out, meta will then usually go ahead. You do want to double check because it doesn't always happen, but usually then spend more money on the winning version and you could always turn off the uh the other version and delivery will return to normal and you can go about your ads will be put in front of people as would happen anyway. But this can be a great way to narrow in on the finer detail and actually work out, okay, this element does improve performance versus this element. We could see, for example, a 10% 15% difference between the black and white version and the color version. That would absolutely be worth finding out and we don't want Andromeda to prevent that and this is how you get around it. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. Hyro has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated £96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by Meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Now, there are a couple of other things I need to mention around this creative testing tool. Firstly, it's not as important if you are testing very different ads anyway. So, if for example, you're testing an image ad versus a video ad, meta is going to treat those as different ads, the Andromeda update is not going to get in the way. You'll be able to test. Now, the delivery is probably going to overlap. You might want that might be better performance, but if you are looking to do a strict test to find out, does A perform better than B? Even if they're very different, you can still use greater testing tool. But the Andromeda update is not going to affect that. It's not going to get in the way of that process if the ad's very different. either different formats or very different visuals. So, what we'll often find is that the initial round of testing, we're less likely to use the creative testing tool because we're finding out the big stuff. What performs better, image video, what performs better, UGC style video versus, you know, really professionally produced versus founder, those sorts of things. But then when we were to get into the more detail, and often the winning happens in working out the detail, then we're going to use the the creative testing tool a lot. Another instance where I really like using it is to test video hooks. So, if you've seen my content before about video ads or hooks, you'll know that hooks are incredibly important to your meta ads. The hook, by the way, is the opening scene, the opening line, usually about the first 3 seconds. And you can take a video ad that's performed really well, change the hook, and it will perform really poorly, even though you're only changing the first couple of seconds. Likewise, you can do the opposite and massively improve an ad because the hook is what convinces people either to pay attention to it or not. Um, and if they don't pay attention to it, they don't find out about your product or service, they don't take the action that you want to take. So, when we create video ads, often what we'll do is we'll create just a handful, maybe a couple of full ads, but then we will create lots of different hooks with different visual locations, maybe change the opening line so that we can create, say, 20 different ads, even if we've only produced two full bodies because we've got 10 different hook variations for each. and then we will test those and you'll often see massively varying differences in results between the different hook options. Now with Andromeda, this doesn't seem to happen all the time by the way because a lot of people say this and yes, we've seen it in some instances but not all. What Andromeda post Andromeda what Meta will now do is they might look at two ads that let's say are 40 seconds long and they're identical other than those first few seconds and and make the same calculations we talked about previously. Aha, these are basically the same ad. we're just going to put one into the auction, the other one's not going to get a look in. That is absolutely not what you want to do because just like I discussed previously how changing the text overlay on an image is massively important, changing the hook on a video ad is incredibly important. You absolutely want to be able to test between different um video ad hooks. So, the creative testing tool, exactly what I just showed you, is is absolutely the right way to do that. and you can test the different hooks and then you can introduce and then what you can do basically let's say you test five different hooks same main body of the ad but different hooks find out which is the winner and then put that into your ad set without the creative testing alongside other very different ads that's when you then test okay this is a UGC style ad versus founder ad versus product demonstration video ad um type setup right that's how you go about doing it so please do not throw out the hook method the changing of hooks which is what a lot of advertisers are If you've got a video out that's performed really well and you want to get more out of it, it's a really timeefficient and effective way of doing so is to go and record a bunch of new hooks, edit them onto the front, and then test. You can do that through the creative testing tool. I really have seen a lot of advertisers say you can't do that anymore. You can. You just got to use the creative testing tool. Um, I know I'm probably uh hammering home the point here, but I think this is this is really key to a lot of how we test going forward. And I think in general I want to help meta advertisers relax post Andromeda because the standard recommendation now is that you produce 20 plus ad creatives and every single ad creative needs to be completely different from the others. That's an enormous amount of work. It's difficult to produce 20 ad creatives even if you are using say the hook method and five of the ads are exactly the same but just with different hooks or you're creating variations of an image that's still work. But to reduce 20 pieces of ad creative that are totally different from one another and run all those in an ads set together, I think is unrealistic for a ton of businesses. And actually, I'm starting to see this put people off and get in the way of them making progress cuz it just it it feels like too large a burden. The juice isn't worth the squeeze. It's like if I have to make 20, I'm not going to bother making one. when actually if you just tested a couple of new ads every now and then compounded over time that can make a massive uh difference to your ad campaign performance and is well worth doing. So don't let this massive creative requirement put you off. The way I would look at meta ad creative production and testing uh it would be similar to a diet, right? Better to go with a a creative production schedule that you can stick to as opposed to the one that's perfect. Just like with diet, we all know what a perfect diet looks like. Can anyone realistically stick to a perfect diet all the time? No. So, we need to go with the option that is realistic that we can actually stick with. And that might mean that you launch a campaign with four very different creatives and perhaps a few different variations. That's absolutely fine. And if you want more info on meta ad creative, check out this video here. In that video, I react to a number of different meta ads found by my team in the meta ads library. I hadn't seen them before I watch this video. Some are great, some are terrible. Well worth a watch.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeffBrown-h1l [1 likes]: Does this mean the 2 campaign system need not be two campaigns? ie Scale and Test. So we now run one and use the Creative testing?
  2. @BenHeath: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @karunamayiholisticinc: does this mean we no longer need to do ad set budget optimization for Ad testing?
  4. @aarush_119: This is good but before this I used to follow CBO or ABO testing It worked for me at that time
  5. @RealestatephotographyEasymode: on meta calls is there phone screening
  6. @jhoncandia: thnks
  7. @IsraAyasrah: can I add new creative iterations for the winning ad after an ad has launched?
  8. @jonathanmui6764: The problem is that you can only run one test at a time. When you spend 4k/d and have 50+ creatives across 4-5 concepts this takes forever.
  9. @madsrasmussen4306: Very good video.
  10. @AmarilisWernex: Achei bem interessante o ponto que você destacou sobre a importância de testar não só criativos diferentes, mas também abordar públicos com intenções variadas dentro do funil. Faz total sentido e é algo que às vezes a gente negligencia. Eu mesmo, depois de tanto apanhar com inconsistências de dados e bloqueios, comecei a usar o DICloak pra gerenciar múltiplas contas e, sério, facilitou muito minha vida. Dá pra focar mais nos testes e otimizações sem me preocupar tanto com interrupções inesperadas.
  11. @AmarilisWernex: Ben, achei interessante quando você falou sobre priorizar a segmentação ampla nas campanhas de teste A/B. Tenho testado algo parecido, mas às vezes sinto que algumas escolhas de criativo acabam performando melhor em públicos mais específicos. Será que é uma questão de variação do nicho ou tem algo que eu possa ajustar na análise dos dados?
  12. @RafaelBelor: would you still upload all ad creatives into the same adset? if i have an ad that is working well, and want to run a new creative, should i put it in the same adset or create a new one?
  13. @marcmcdermott4742: I've run a few of these now where the ad distribution is definitely not equal. In some cases facebook showing 95% of one ad. Other tests though the tool worked as it should with equal distribution. Have you seen this? Is this a bug you think?
  14. @soniavarghese1515: Once we finalize a winning ada we need to make more variations like that to scale right
  15. @mel12ab: How does the testing work for custom events created via google tags manager? It seems like you can only test for standard events.
  16. @nohopelouis3312: great stuff. subscribed !
  17. @millicentquoilin9044: Hi Ben, I noticed that I can no longer upload a story dimension for my Ad. The upload option is not longer there.  Do you have a video that covers this change?
  18. @FigTreeCommunications: How does the creative testing compare to having mutliple ads in an ad set?  Won't Meta put more money towards the ad that does better?
  19. @TenilleWilliamsTV: Hey Ben, thanks for all your valuable videos. I started setting up a testing campaign to use creative testing for the first time but it would not allow me to choose Purchase conversions as the metric due to advertising both in and out of the EU. Do you only use creative testing in certain countries, then move winning ads to broader locations?
  20. @AmarilisWernex: Bem interessante a ideia de focar mais nos dados pós-Andromeda pra ajustar os criativos. Já tentou usar públicos bem segmentados pra testar várias versões do mesmo criativo? Tenho testado isso com bons resultados, mas sempre fico em dúvida se devo priorizar CTR ou CPA nos primeiros dias de teste. Alguma dica?

- How to Improve Facebook Pixel Event Match Quality Score through Google Tag Manager | Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, today I'll show you how to increase Facebook evenness quality is good. And you can see my evenness quality is good like you would purchase 9.3 out of 10 then check out a 9.1 out of 10 and I think it I think it will increase more like you can see email address custom informations and percentage of events like sending you can see it's 93 like 94% out of hundreds And it's also same. So it will increase more and so it will be increase like your 9.3 out of 10 this step. So you can see add shipping info add toart purchase add payment info initiate check out view content and p view all event you can see like p view we can see 8.6 six and it will increase more like you can see just email address percentage is 7.8% 8% out of hundreds and extra this one is only like 10% so it will increase more and so now I'll showing you how to increase this event mass quality so let's go on gold tag manager and you can see this is my purchase event and here I have only informations like I'm sending cookies, user details, product details, then customer data, everything also. I'm doing a one thing like collect the customary data like your purchase informations, email, phone number, first name, last name, city, state, zip code, country and and repeat it to the every event like your PS view then view item, add toart, check out, shipping info, payment info through local stress. This one, this code help me to collect the customer informations like name, email, this type informations and say again send to like your every event please view add toart check out view item shing info payment info this type. So just check add femin I'm sending same informations you can see then shipping info shipping info same check out oh sorry this one also you can see p view like sorry not this add to cut and if I go the page view then you can see also I'm sending from server side you can see my purchase event server side tracking and I'm sending too many data like you can see event name IMI event ID even source URL everything client IP address it's converted to IPv6 not IPv4 also client user customer informations product details and same like also add info And you can see PS view also same. I'm send I'm sending customized data to in case Facebook even mass quality score. That's it. Because my main goal is to increase Facebook even mass quality score. So it will increase more. That's it. Thank you. Thank you for watching this video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @muniramim1987: Assalamualaykum vaia full setup dan
  2. @riteshkhorana2600: Are you hashing em and ph data before sending to server GTM/FB CAPI?
  3. @lukasvajega: Do you offer the setup service to businesses?
  4. @VishalSharma-lz9qq: Can this be achieved without server side tracking? We are using Facebook woocommerce plugin and the even match is very less.
  5. @ridoyroy1256: Vai amake custom html code ta diben . R ga4 k client bananor por ga4 purchase tag ki ki event parameter diyechen ektu bolben please.
  6. @Max-ld1qv: How can you hash email adres or phone number if somebody is just visiting your website?? Thats impossible right?

- SquareSpace Tutorial: Install the Meta Conversions API | Facebook Pixel CAPI: Kind: captions Language: en all right everybody welcome to this video today we're going to be talking about how to integrate a Facebook conversions API or meta conversions API on your Squarespace e-commerce website uh it's super super simple you just have to copy paste a code and add your pixel in an app all right very very easy and it works super well uh we've used this for clients it has reduced their adspin by 30% while keeping the same um conversions so it actually made their campaigns super super super profitable and it has increased their row ads a lot so um I already have everything set up all right on my Squarespace website I have the conversions API set up I'm just going to show you an example to uh to show you that it actually works you know everything works 100% so this is my events manager this is where we're going to do all our test events to make sure that we receive every event through the conversions API uh with the correct values I'm on a Squarespace website as you can see uh on the extension here squares.com so let me go to the homepage I'm just going to go through the website and see if I receive all the events you know like add to cart uh subscribe purchase uh you know all these events I'm supposed to get them in my events manager so let's subscribe to the newsletter uh first of all I'm going to just put like a random email I'm going to sign up right and you know as a client or as a interested potential buyer I'm going to click on on a product on your website uh let's click on this random product here $50 25 let's take this $25 product and I want to buy two of them and I'm just going to add to card all right there you go it has been added now I can go to the card and oh I already have a product here going to remove this so I have two products $25 each it's $50 I'm going to check out so already there has been plenty of events that have happened um on the website so I'm not even going to purchase right now I'm just going to make sure that I got all the events that have already occurred there you go when I click on events manager as you can see I have the view content event that has been received through the server the setup method was a manual setup uh so basically server it means that it came through the conversions API and um I've got the Subscribe button when I subscribe to the newsletter if you can remember uh I subscribed to the newsletter with a a random email and this is all the user data keys that you are going to receive as a Squarespace e-commerce uh website owner you're going to get all these user data keys and this is going to tremendously improve the quality and data Precision of your pixels uh your ad campaigns are going to are going to do much much better so yeah you get the country City email external ID browser ID etc etc zip code of every single person that does any kind of event even if they just view content right if they just view the content you're going to get all this information information from each uh person that views the content on your website so now your pixel knows what kind of persona what kinds what kind of client Avatar clicks on your website and your pixel is able to Target similar people as those because you did the tracking correctly right this is super important it's very difficult to run ads to have profit profitable campaigns if you don't have conversions API set up on your website we also have the at carts uh and as you can see with the correct value because it's 25 the currency is USD uh the content type is product and we have product name I didn't set up any kind of name for the product so just like an an example a website it's a demo website so if you have I don't know like hoodie or whatever the name of your brand it's going to be here all right and then we have initiate checkout what's interested what's interesting in the initiate checkout event is that we have a different value than on the ad card uh because it has updated the actual value because we have the quantity now right it's two products for $25 each now the item price the total price is $50 and we have the product name and again we have all the user data keys that we had now I'm going to purchase and see what kind of events I'm going to receive let's put a random email a random name so I'm going to actually purchase the product now and let's challenge ourselves a little bit all right so instead of having two in the quantity let's let's put four or you know what let's put five and I want to see if it's actually going to uh update it correctly in the new events that we're going to receive and uh there you go we can click on purchase everything looks fine so I'm going to purchase my five products here and there you go uh I am on a confirmation confirmation page $125 for $25 each so that's five products all right so let's go to the events manager going to wait a couple seconds and there's two events that we actually did now after initiating checkout there you go we added payment information so that's an important event and now we have purchase there you go and as you can see in the purchase we have the correct value and the correct updated quantity which is five so there's no missing data no leak uh no leaks whatsoever whatever kind of event that happens or occurs on the website from a user you're going to get it through the conversions API with the correct values and this helps tremendous for your pixels it like it's it's unbelievable we um run campaigns for clients and we see increase in performance of at least 30% when they install the converence API uh so it's very very important your your pixels just know what to do and know what kind of people to Target because they have all these information here for each single event so to set up your converence API you can go to www. trixel flow.com the link is going to be on the first comment of this video and in in the description um and yeah it's very easy to set up I'm going to show you how you can just click on pricing uh and you're going to have a 7-Day free trial so you can just click and go ahead and do that and when creating your account to get your 7-Day free trial make sure that you select Squarespace because this app is also available for webflow and framer we already have hundreds of users in those platforms and um you know it's it has been working tremendously well for the current users so we decided to do for square space as well as we got some um you know some people asking for it all right so I have now created my account it's pretty basic very simple you're going to have an app card and the goal is just to first of all copy this code right this is the code for your application you're just going to have to copy and paste it in your Squarespace website and then you're going to add as many pixels as you want uh I'm going to just I'm just going to show you how to add one pixel but you can have many many pixels as backup if you ever get banned on what add account or you get banned on one business manager and you lose all your pixels somehow um if you have multiple pixels on your website from different ad accounts you make sure that you have backup and all this data all the events that go through the convergence API are going to be stored in each single Pixel and you're going to be able to start new campaigns right away with your uh backup pixels all right so let's copy this code first you can go to the settings and then you're going to go to developer tools and you're going to look for here in the search bar code injection there you go I'm going to click on that as you can see I have no code whatsoever I've deleted my previous code and now I'm going to just do this step again with you and I'm going to paste my code so don't forget to save your code and you can leave uh you know you can leave your developer tools and go to go back to your website so now that's perfect I have added my code the only step that you have left is to add your pixel or your pixels if you have a lot I'm just going to delete this one and do the step again with you all right let's click on ADD pixel for Pixel name you could put whatever I'm going to put Squarespace Ecom conversion API and I'm going to go back to my meta business suit in your settings as you can see here you can go to data sources data sets and I have all my pixels here I'm going to click on my Squarespace Ecom convergence API and there you go you have your ID you can just copy this this is your pixel ID that you're going to need you can paste it here for Facebook pixel ID you can paste it and then you need an access token so let me show you how you can find your access token you click on the three dots here you open the events manager once it's open you can go to settings then you're going to scroll down a little bit and you're going to find generate and access tokens so this is what's going to help for a customizable option to set up the conversion API in metap pixel this is EXA exactly what we need you're going to copy this and paste it here for your access token you can click on uh you can toggle the test pixel and add a test events code so let me show you where you can get your test events code if you go back to your events manager you can click on test events and Let Me Clear activity to show you what your dashboard is going to look like first uh you can click on this first Tab and you're going to have your test events code right here all right you can copy you can paste it right here add your pixel and boom you are good to go everything is set up perfectly and now if you want to do some tasks you can go to your website let's refresh quickly and I'm going to shop for a product just to add it to cart I have a couple of events uh let me see the live version I'm going to Let's click on this one click on the first product $50 I want to buy three of them add to cart boom click on card check out I'm not going to do the whole demo again I'm just clicking on on buttons to to see that events are firing correctly let me go back to my events manager as you can see I have view content which is good so that's for every page that that I visit I have the add to cart and there we go we also have the initiate checkout with the right values there's a little feature here that you can use as well which is tracking URLs you can add any URL you have on your website um so let's say you have like a random page that you want to track as well like a confirmation page a thank you page um really any page that you have you can track it so let's say let's say I want to I want to track the contact page right for any reason when some body lands on this page I want to track it uh I can go to the website and add this URL and let's say I want to add the contact event right I can add the URL now you got to make sure that you copy the copy and paste the code again right so I'm going to do this uh I'm going to save my code in the code injection and I'm going to come back all right so I have saved my code and now I I want to make sure that the contact us page is tracked correctly again this is just as an example you don't need to to track the contact test page this exact way uh it's just for for the use case uh where you would have like new page that you want to track for whatever reason you know like a thank you page if you have a lead you know if you have leads uh this is very useful so now I have visited this page let me just refresh and make sure that I got the contact event there you go I have the contact event uh so yeah this is how you can also track the URLs so if you have any URL you want Associated to an event you can do that as well so this is a super cool feature to add more flexibility uh so thanks again for watching if you have any questions please feel free to to use the comment section and uh see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @aminekonvert [4 likes]: Start your 7-Day Free Trial Here! : https://www.trypixelflow.com/
  2. @SulayRulay [3 likes]: Thank you so much, I actually needed so much that type of content.
  3. @alex_dueck [2 likes]: Seems like a good solution! Will this also include the Web tracking via cookies? Because according to meta we should have both. So I am wondering what about Event deduplication and if it also does cookie tracking or server only?
I have about 40 clients on squarespace which all would need this. Is there an agency plan available?
  4. @rap8349 [1 likes]: Does this work with appointments bookings on square?
  5. @alexanderpanko7699: Thanks! Will it automatically do event deduplication with my current web pixel? Or I need extra setup?
  6. @ralphdaub: Previously, Squarespace didn't render any custom code on the checkout page for security reasons. Has this changed? If not, how is it possible for the code run on the checkout page?
  7. @gabriellebel1870: wow it is very impressive! When you integrate your software in WordPress?
  8. @NuAerial: You are sent from heaven for creating this!!! Brilliant business idea, solving a GINORMOUS pain!! I recommend going on the Squarespace forum and sharing - I was just there looking for a solution/ complaining lol
  9. @digimahbub: Hi Elhila, I'm Mahbub, a YouTube Growth Specialist. I'd love to connect and help you grow your channel. Looking forward to hearing from you!

- What Is Decision Fatigue? | Psychological Explanation & Solutions: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone decision fatigue maybe you've heard the term in the news because famous individuals like barack obama mark zuckerberg and steve jobs mention this as the reason for them wearing virtually the same thing every day in fact this type of habitual clothing selection has become more commonplace in silicon valley and other influential places but what exactly is decision fatigue and why are people wearing the same thing every day in this video we will be exploring what decision fatigue is and the best way to combat it decision fatigue is the idea that you have a certain limit to the number of decisions you can make in a day and that as you make more decisions the worse you get at making decisions in order to understand decision fatigue first we must understand ego depletion ego depletion is the idea that we have a finite amount of mental energy and that self-control or willpower can use up that energy roy beaumeister studied this topic when he made test subjects try to solve an unsolvable puzzle one of the test groups was made to eat radishes while the other test group was made to eat chocolate chip cookies while also both knowing chocolate chip cookies were an option what he found was that the radish test group quit the unsolvable puzzle faster than the chocolate chip cookie group because they were not allowing their temptations of eating the more delicious option this is because they were using their mental power to avoid temptation and the energy used doing that wasn't being used for the puzzle other studies have shown that it is really purely the number of decisions one makes that alters decision making for example in one study it was shown that people were more likely to purchase a selection of jams or chocolates when given fewer options than many options they were able to come up with a decision when there wasn't a lot of effort needed to make a choice these customers also proved to be more satisfied with their selections as well decision fatigue can make our decision-making abilities worse and even make us not want to make decisions altogether this can be for something as trivial as buying junk food at the grocery store because we have lost all of our energy to not be tempted by it or it can be for something a lot more important one study looking at judges granting parole found that in the morning judges made more favorable rulings for the people they saw as the day went on they made fewer favorable rulings only seeing a reset of this trend after lunch this can be attributed to the fact that judges are taxing their mental energy by making several parole decisions throughout the day and therefore are relying more on heuristics and are making less nuanced choices the reset of the favorable ruling trend after lunch can be attributed to the fact that they have just increased their glucose levels from their food and restored energy to the brain another study looked at business analysts research found that as analysts made more forecasts throughout the day their forecast accuracy decreased as analysts grow tired they increasingly rely on their heuristics to make more autopilot decisions for them which might impact the accuracy of their models for both judges and analysts they've opted to make safer choices when faced with difficult decision making as they grow tired and their mental resources are depleted judges didn't let inmates out of jail and analysts relied on their past forecasts to make newer models however relying on default thinking might be as bad as just not making any decisions at all kind of sounds like lazy thinking if you want to check out my video on cognitive ease so a lot has been said in this video about the problem of decision fatigue but how can we solve it how can we live with this in our lives well if the problem is that making many decisions throughout the day makes our decision making worse then we should first try to see how to make fewer decisions this can be done by making habits for example choosing to wear a certain outfit on certain days or even more broadly making routines like deciding to go to the gym in the morning before work making dinner right after work and reading for an hour before bed then you won't be constantly wondering and deciding what to do throughout each day you can also automate some of your processes in this day and age we have a lot of technology that can help with that instead of trying to remember when you have to pay that credit card or utility bill set up auto pay so you never have to think about when it's due or create lists this can be done in the morning when everything is fresh in your mind and you haven't made any decisions yet make your first decision an important one that'll benefit you later in the day and lastly increase glucose your brain needs glucose for energy supplying it with food is one of the best ways to get some of that decision making power back decision fatigue is something that we all struggle with but can be solved easily when researching for this video i didn't realize how much i could benefit from acknowledging the decision fatigue in my life and implementing some of the solutions in my daily routine have you ever noticed that your decision fatigued what strategies do you think you can use to help thanks for watching and i'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @vdoadventures668 [25 likes]: this type of videos should be trending on internet.....
  2. @sphesihlesibisi5600 [13 likes]: I suffer from untreated adhd. I just pray I'd one day love myself and have confidence
  3. @clispybeace [5 likes]: Interesting. It gave me an insight as to why I so badly want to eat after grocery shopping, especially when it's one of those stores that bombards you with yellow stickers and bright colours and has been thoroughly thought out to produce the most spending possible. (In the UK, I have found Tesco to be the very worst for this), what my brain wants is the food to reset me from the strain of having to say no or yes to so much stuff. When the stuff is made to look so appealing it makes those "no"s so much more costly. I wonder if shopping in monochromatic glasses would help.
  4. @NeurocientíficaAbreu [4 likes]: I will post this in Spanish. It is a great content. Thanks!
  5. @thestrumminscoundrel [3 likes]: Wait a minute, you mean there are people who can actually think clearly in the morning?  Who are they and what kind of genetic mutation do they have?  And how can I get it?
  6. @asley8407 [3 likes]: Great video!
  7. @saishyam1712 [2 likes]: 1 important first 2 to do list 3 sop 4 breaks 5 eating 6 frameworks 7 habits 8 essenhoweratrix
  8. @aqil199 [2 likes]: Make a to do list seems good
  9. @xavig8575 [2 likes]: Great video 👏
  10. @turun_ambartanen [2 likes]: I don't think we have a limited number of good decisions in a day. The drop in accuracy is IMO far more logically explained with becoming more and more tired, or with dropping blood sugar levels (becoming hangry) as is shortly mentioned in the video. It doesn't matter if I have to do a difficult decision or solve a math problem - the mental exhaustion is the problem, not having to make a decision. I didn't fully read all the sources, but skimming them I didn't find any clue as to if that has been tested. They all seem to show how "more decisions" equals "worse decisions", without correcting for general fatigue and mental exhaustion.

Being distracted by a tasty cookie or being overwhelmed by options might influence your current thought process and distract from making good choices, but it does not influence future decisions.

Anyway, I too am firmly on the "less decisions in the morning" side, but only because I can't be bothered to decide if dark blue or regular blue jeans are a better fit for my shirt. I just take the top one from the stack. The stack is refilled in random order when I do the laundry.

PS: could you label your source links? (e.g. Article by "the decision lab": www.x.y, research paper "title of paper": www.uni.edu, etc.)

PPS: I very much like your videos.
  11. @sheila-in9cw [1 likes]: I have been wondering what is wrong with me...now I know
  12. @MealCallriden: 2:26
Judges also organize their calendar to hear the more serious charges later in the session.
  13. @DiloromMuslimova-un6ii: 1:32 The less the options, the more the purchases.Because it takes effort to make a choice.🎉
Additionally, customers would be much satisfied since they will think they made the best choice among two or at least three products rather than regretting their choice.
  14. @pinkroses135: Mark Zuckerberg wears the same panties every day
  15. @realsickbrah: Bro had to sneak in the sugar psyop
  16. @Josh-sz8ip: 1:42 a low sub bass comes in to the audio. Please always high pass your voice
  17. @PGPRADEEP988: thnx
  18. @suedoe4316: I'm not sure the conclusions are holding up in replication attempts?

Via https://www.vox.com/2016/3/14/11219446/psychology-replication-crisis:

"Slate's Daniel Engber reports on an upcoming study in the journal Perspectives on Psychological Science that found in a test with more than 2,000 participants across more than 20 labs, 'a zero-effect for ego depletion: No sign that the human will works as it’s been described, or that these hundreds of studies amount to very much at all.'"

- BRAIN FATIGUE EXPLAINED: WHY YOU LOSE MOTIVATION AND FOCUS | INTERMITTENT REINFORCEMENT PSYCHOLOGY: Kind: captions Language: en You guys who clicked on this video must be exhausted, right? Your brain is fatigued and you just can't think and maybe some of you are even ready to give up. I'm also sure you don't know how to cure this feeling of exhaustion. So today's lecture will cover some of my personal insights on what we need to do when our brain is tired. Before we get into the material, I want to tell a little story about one of my friends. Back when I was in college, my professor asked for someone to be used as a practice example. My friend was the one chosen. This friend of mine is an only child. When he was little, let's say elementary school age, his parents got into a huge fight one day, maybe even getting physical. Luckily, the hitting only lasted a moment. After that, his parents stopped talking to each other completely, and this went on for several years. So if a guest came looking for his dad, his mom would open the door. But instead of calling his dad, she would call my friend. Then she'd say, "Tell your father he has a guest." The same thing happened vice versa. He always became the intermediary for communication between his two parents. Imagine when he was in the golden years of development. He had to deal with parents like that. And without him realizing it, it affected his brain. As an adult, he felt weary, exhausted, and low on energy. He wondered why his parents were like that and why his friend's parents weren't. He wanted to be loved. He wanted attention. And he also wanted to be heard. Obviously, parents like that wouldn't want to listen to their child's stories. I mean, their communication with each other was already terrible. Now, that situation is what kept my friend from performing or functioning optimally in life. and he managed to get into a top university in the United States even while underperforming. Imagine if he could perform optimally. Okay, so when we're fatigued, we have a hard time becoming the best version of ourselves. Wait, how can that be? We can still work, we can focus, we can pull ourselves back together. But if someone isn't motivated, doesn't want to work, doesn't want to study, they're just lazy. People who say they're tired are just making excuses. If someone talks like that, just punch them in the mouth. Okay. Brain fatigue is a real thing. When our brain is exhausted, we lose several abilities. The ability to focus, to regulate emotions, to be creative, to trust our instincts, and to make the right decisions. And when this happens for a long time, we become easily distracted, impulsive, and we lose relationships with people. It's simple really because we're tired. We become lazy about socializing. We lose our purpose. We lose direction. And most critically, we can't make wise decisions. So, people who exhibit the traits I just mentioned aren't necessarily lazy or even stupid. Not necessarily. Simply put, maybe their brain is just tired. Then, after experiencing the things I mentioned, they will start feeling stressed. often they get sick easily and they lose their drive. This also happened to one of my former employees. Let's call her Rose. Rose was a young fresh graduate who joined my company. From the start, she was a high performer. All the work thrown at her was completed exceptionally well. I could even see the makings of a superstar in Rose. Because she was always excelling, I gave her a promotion. I moved her to a better division. But it turned out that after the promotion, she couldn't perform. She often blanked out, was unproductive, and couldn't finish her work properly. She was so underperforming that my HR department even considered firing Rose. But I told HR, "Give her another chance." Then my HR manager went to see Rose. She said, "Rose, maybe you can't talk about what issues you have in your life right now, but if you need to take some time off or just relax, we can lighten your workload." In your opinion, was this the right move by HR? It turns out it wasn't. Why? Because after that, Rose performed even worse. My HR manager was confused, feeling they had provided the best treatment by giving her time off and reducing her workload. Afterward, my HR manager reported back to me. She said, "Honestly, I'm frustrated. I pay her to handle this kind of issue." And I just said, "Well, man, why don't you just ask Rose directly what she actually wants?" Okay, before we continue, let's discuss a theory. There is a way to make our brain fresh, and that way is influenced by the things we deem important. For example, generally for humans, belonging, inclusion, and acceptance are extremely important. These three things are part of the feeling of being accepted in an environment. That feeling can also include being loved, cherished, paid attention to, being owned, and so on. Then there are some people who want to grow within the system, ambition, career, finances, and so on. There are also those who just want freedom which can take many forms. Freedom to take risks, freedom to make decisions and so forth. There are also those who seek the meaning of life, religion, purpose, aspirations, dedication, changing the world and so on. Now, by understanding the things that are important to you and then trying to find a way to achieve them, that alone is the solution and the secret to making your brain fresh. It's by grasping or at least attempting to reach the thing that is important to you and boom, your brain will be fresh. The same applied to Rose. After my HR manager asked, "Rose, what do you need to be able to perform again?" It turned out that Rose wanted to be involved in difficult assignments. She wanted to participate in various projects. And it turned out she started underperforming after her promotion and division transfer because her new supervisor wasn't ready to give her heavy work. Rose started overthinking, feeling her supervisor didn't trust her. In my opinion, there was nothing wrong with the supervisor. The supervisor probably wanted Rose to adapt to the new environment first or to prove that her work was excellent. Meanwhile, Rose felt she had already proven so much in the old division. So when she was given easy tasks, she felt disregarded, even insulted. Yes, humans are all unique. If I were given the choice between an easy job or a difficult job with the same pay, I'd rather take the easy one, right? Or if I could just be unemployed, I would want to be unemployed. Okay, let's move on. After that, I told her supervisor to involve her in major projects. And guess what? Rose was able to perform again. So when we can find and understand the things that are important in our lives, we'll start seeing a lot of possibilities that can make our time, energy, and life more meaningful. Sir, I still don't get it. The solution seems too simple. Yes, I simplified it so it would be easier to understand. But if you want a more complex discussion, okay, I'll give it to you. Let's use the example of someone who considers connection with others important. According to researchers, when two humans make positive contact or connection, a hormone called oxytocin is released. This hormone makes us feel loved. So when we connect with others and this hormone is released, we can feel a sense of calm, safety, confidence, more empathy, and we can forget trauma and fear. And if we have intimacy with someone we love, and this hormone is released, the orgasm becomes better. And there are many other benefits. Another example, whatever is important to you, when you pursue it, you will see various possibilities. And the opening up of those possibilities releases the dopamine, the hormone that provides motivation, creativity, intelligence, innovation, and so on. Sir, but I often see content that says dopamine is bad. There's some truth to that, but if I explain it here, it will be very long. So, let's save that for another time. The bottom line is that bad dopamine is influenced by the source of the dopamine itself. If you get dopamine from constantly watching videos, then it's definitely bad. Okay. When someone goes to a psychologist complaining about a lack of motivation, one of the first things the psychologist checks is their dopamine level. Then the common solution if the disturbance is only a lack of motivation without other disorders is to give the patient a new positive source of dopamine. For example, the psychologist will suggest the patient do something that can make their career, love life or overall life develop. Now when some progress starts to become visible in their life, the psychologist will emphasize and reinforce the feeling that they have developed. The feeling we get when we make progress, achieve something, or are simply respected by others. This feeling is incredibly satisfying. And this feeling is what can make our brain fresh. To simplify it further, the formula for making our brain fresh is to generate the hormones we need in a positive way that aligns with the values within ourselves.

- 001 Decision Fatigue Explained Simply | Brain and Behavior Psychology: Kind: captions Language: en Repeated decisions use attention and self-control until even simple options feel heavier. Think of a person choosing breakfast, replies, school messages, and dinner by evening. Reduce unnecessary choices before important decisions. Clarity before the peak creates better options. Ordinary decisions stack up. The problem is rarely one giant decision. It is the accumulation of small choices. Example, a parent deciding uniforms, transport, lunch, emails, and bills before work starts. Treat decision energy as limited, not infinite. The mistake grows when tired decisions can lead to impulse purchases, skipped tasks, irritability, or avoiding choices entirely. Similar options exhaust people is easy to miss until the result becomes visible. Set criteria before comparing. A real-life version is five phone plans with almost identical prices and different hidden limits. Self-control is a decision load. Resisting impulses is still a decision because the mind keeps rejecting easier options. Picture, walking past snacks all afternoon and buying junk food at night. Stores add colors, bundles, discounts, and scarcity messages when the shopper is already tired. a planned grocery trip turns into snacks, offers, and forgotten essentials. The case makes the result less mysterious. The pattern is visible when It shows why decision fatigue is about depleted attention after too many choices. Money decisions suffer late. Tired minds choose relief and completion over careful comparison. Selecting the first loan or insurance plan near midnight just to finish the task. Schedule financial decisions when attention is fresh. Avoidance can look like laziness. People may avoid the feeling of choosing rather than the task itself. Daily version. Postponing an email because even deciding the first sentence feels heavy. Make the next decision very small. Start by naming the trigger, the feeling it creates, and the action that usually follows. Regret fear adds weight. High consequence decisions invite mental simulations of future blame. Case. Choosing a school, surgery option, or relocation plan feels mentally loud. Separate reversible decisions from major commitments. The pressure is visible when choosing a school, surgery option, or relocation plan feels mentally loud. More choice is not always freedom. Too many options can reduce satisfaction because each unchosen path stays in mind. Concrete case. Viewing 30 apartments can feel worse than comparing five realistic ones. Narrow the field before evaluating deeply. Repeatable defaults move small decisions out of the daily attention budget. Picture. Same breakfast, fixed bill day, and a work start ritual. Save fresh thought for decisions that deserve it. The case shows how a small condition can change the outcome. In practice, same breakfast, fixed bill day, and a work start ritual. Pre-made rules prevent tired negotiation with yourself. Case. No online purchases after 10:00 p.m. or no contract signing after a long work day. Build rules before the stressful moment. The issue becomes concrete when no online purchases after 10:00 p.m. Technology cuts both ways. Checklists reduce decisions while notifications create hundreds of tiny choices. Case, a reminder app helps bills, but endless alerts keep breaking focus. Make tools simplify choices, not multiply them. One concrete marker is breakfast defaults. It shows whether the issue is already shaping behavior rather than staying theoretical. If shopping lists keeps returning, the issue is no longer a single event. It has become a pattern worth addressing. Guilt makes the next decision harder. After a poor choice, the mind must decide how to repair and handle shame. Seen when? Overspending at night leads to avoidance of the bank app the next morning. Repair quickly and without drama. The first useful step is separating the trigger, feeling, and response. Pay attention to evening food choices because it often appears before the larger problem has a clear name. Understanding bill paying days helps separate the main issue from the noise around it. Visible options are calmer. Writing options down reduces mental juggling and emotional noise. Think of a laptop buyer filters only budget, battery, and warranty instead of every feature. Turn vague comparison into clear criteria. The first useful step is separating the trigger, feeling, and response. The clearest clue may be shopping lists, not the dramatic result that appears later. Family life multiplies choice load. Households create invisible decision work that can drain patience. Real case, meals, transport, homework, appointments, and discipline decisions pile up. Share defaults and responsibilities openly. A person may order junk food at night, not because values change, but because mental energy has been spent all The most useful evidence is often ordinary. Bill paying days, evening food choices, and whether the same signal appears again. Workplaces often create decision fatigue before people notice it. Unclear priorities force employees to spend the day deciding what matters, what can wait, and who needs an answer first. A manager with 10 urgent tasks may spend more energy ranking the tasks than completing them. Clear priorities, default routines, and fewer unnecessary choices protect attention. Decision fatigue is easier to manage when the day has fewer open loops. Meals, payments, errands, and messages should not all demand fresh judgment at the worst possible hour. The same decision can be wise in the morning and careless after exhaustion. Version. Reading a legal form after dinner versus after breakfast. Protect important choices with better conditions. This scene should leave one concrete lesson. Routines, earlier timing, and fewer low-value choices. A low-stakes choice can wait. A high-stakes choice deserves fresh attention, fewer distractions, and a clear rule for what matters most. A practical check is phone notifications, then phone notifications. Together, they show whether the response matches the real cause. Decision fatigue is not laziness. It is what happens when attention is spent on too many choices without enough recovery or simplification. The best protection is to remove low-value decisions, make routines for repeated choices, and save your clearest thinking for the decisions that truly deserve it. The practical fix is to reduce low-value choices before the day becomes crowded with decisions. By evening, the brain may choose speed over quality because it has already spent the day sorting messages, meals, errands, replies, and money decisions. A simple default, such as deciding tomorrow's breakfast or setting a bill-paying day, protects attention before the next difficult choice arrives. The real-world test is breakfast defaults. If that changes, the outcome usually changes, too. Decision fatigue is not weakness. It is what happens when choice, self-control, and attention are spent all day without rest. By the end of the day, good choices should not depend on heroic willpower. A short list of defaults can make the evening calmer because the brain no longer has to treat every small option like a new problem. Watch evening food choices and bill-paying days together because the pair often reveals the part that a quick definition hides. The useful change is to remove low-value choices before they drain the energy needed for money, health, family, and work decisions. Defaults, lists, earlier timing, and fewer open options make the day less mentally expensive. Put the hardest decisions earlier, turn routine choices into defaults, and protect attention before tiredness starts making the easiest option feel like the best one. For decision fatigue, the strongest protection is designing the day so the mind is not forced to negotiate every small action from scratch.

- The Psychology of Decision Fatigue Explained: Kind: captions Language: en You open your closet, black shirt or blue. Suddenly, you're paralyzed, staring at fabrics like they hold the secrets of the universe. Meanwhile, you made a $10,000 business decision before breakfast without breaking a sweat. Welcome to Decision Fatigue, the invisible force that turns CEOs into toddlers by dinner time and explains why you can negotiate milliondoll contracts but can't choose what to eat for lunch. Decision fatigue isn't laziness or indecision. It's a wellocumented psychological phenomenon where your capacity for making choices depletes with each decision you make. Your brain treats decisions like a muscle. The more you use it, the more it tires. And when that muscle exhausts itself, your judgment deteriorates in predictable, measurable ways. Your prefrontal cortex handles executive functions, planning, reasoning, and decision-m. This region consumes enormous amounts of glucose, your brain's fuel. Each decision, regardless of importance, drains this limited resource. Choose between cereals, glucose spent, select a meeting time, more glucose burned, decide on a project direction, even more depleted. Research shows judges grant parole more favorably early in their day. After hours of decisions, approval rates plummet, not because afternoon cases are worse, but because judicial brains are exhausted. They default to the safest, easiest option, deny. This isn't bias or cruelty. It's neurological depletion affecting critical judgment. The preffrontal cortex doesn't just tire. It starts looking for shortcuts. You become more impulsive, more likely to accept defaults, more susceptible to manipulation. That's why grocery stores put candy at checkout lines. They're not targeting your sweet tooth. They're targeting your depleted decision-making capacity after choosing between 17 types of pasta sauce. The average adult makes approximately 35,000 decisions daily. Most are unconscious, what foot to step with, which route to drive, when to blink. But conscious decisions accumulate relentlessly. what to wear, what to eat, which email to answer first, whether to attend that meeting. Each one chips away at your cognitive reserve. Highle professionals make even more consequential choices. Doctors diagnose. Executives strategize. Parents negotiate with toddlers who've weaponized the word why. Every decision extracts its tax. By evening, your decision-making capacity resembles a phone battery at 3%. Technically functional, but one notification away from shutdown. This explains the paradox of successful people with surprisingly rigid routines. Steve Jobs wore the same outfit daily. Obama famously reduced his wardrobe to identical suits. Mark Zuckerberg still rocks gray t-shirts. This isn't eccentric minimalism. It's strategic cognitive preservation. They're conserving decision-m capacity for choices that actually matter. Decision fatigue doesn't just reduce your capacity. It fundamentally changes how you decide. Three distinct patterns emerge as depletion progresses. First, you become more impulsive, choosing immediate gratification over long-term benefit. That discipline you had at breakfast, gone by dinner, replaced by scrolling social media instead of working on your project. Second, you default to the status quo. Innovation requires cognitive energy. When depleted, you'll stick with familiar choices even when better options exist. This is why workplace initiatives often fail. They're introduced when employees are already decision fatigued, making change feel impossibly demanding. Third, you experience decision paralysis. Too exhausted to evaluate options. You freeze entirely. The restaurant menu becomes overwhelming. The streaming service becomes a 30inut commitment just to choose what to watch. Your brain protecting its remaining resources simply refuses to decide at all. Here's the crulest aspect. Decision fatigue doesn't distinguish between trivial and crucial choices. Your brain spends similar cognitive resources choosing socks as choosing career moves. This means you can waste your sharpest decision-making hours on meaningless choices, leaving nothing for decisions that shape your life. We make this worse through poor prioritization. We'll spend 20 minutes researching which $15 household item to buy, then impulsively commit to $1,000 purchases when decision fatigued. We'll deliberate over dinner options while making relationship decisions on autopilot. We've inverted the importance hierarchy. The corporate world exploits this mercilessly. Important contracts arrive late afternoon when executives are depleted. Sales pitches stack options deliberately to create fatigue, making the recommended choice feel like relief. Free trial decisions arrive when you're exhausted, betting you'll default to keeping the subscription rather than deciding to cancel. Modern life systematically maximizes decision fatigue. We've engineered choice into every interaction. Coffee isn't just coffee. It's 20 variations of size, milk, temperature, and additions. Streaming offers thousands of options. Social media presents infinite scrolling decisions about what deserves attention. Open office plans force constant micro decisions about where to work, whether to interrupt, how to manage distractions. Digital communication creates endless choices about which notification to address, which message deserves response, which email requires immediate attention. Each one depletes you incrementally. Paradoxically, more options don't improve satisfaction. They increase exhaustion. The paradox of choice compounds decision fatigue. When you finally choose from 30 options instead of three, you're more depleted and less satisfied with your choice. Your brain knows it might have missed the perfect option, creating lingering doubt that further drains cognitive resources. Combating decision fatigue requires structural changes, not willpower. Willpower itself depletes under decision fatigue, making it useless for managing the problem. Instead, you need decision architecture, systems that reduce daily choice load without reducing quality of life. Routine automates decisions. Same breakfast, same workout time, same morning sequence. These aren't restrictions, they're liberation. Each automated decision preserves capacity for choices that matter. Successful people don't lack spontaneity. They strategically deploy it where it counts. Batching decisions concentrates depletion. Handle all emails in one block rather than throughout the day. Plan weekly meals on Sunday instead of deciding daily. Make important decisions early when cognitive resources are fresh. Save trivial choices for when you're already depleted. They'll waste that lowquality decision-making capacity anyway. Simplification eliminates decisions entirely. Reduce your wardrobe. Limit restaurant options to favorites. Unsubscribe from services you rarely use. Each eliminated option is cognitive capacity preserved. Minimalism isn't aesthetic. It's psychological hygiene. Decision fatigue explains why your evenings feel different from your mornings. Why you're brilliant before lunch but can't choose a Netflix show at night. Why you plan healthy habits but default to comfort patterns by day's end. It's not character weakness, it's neurological reality. Understanding this creates power. You can't eliminate decision fatigue, but you can manage it strategically. Protect your peak cognitive hours for consequential choices. Automate the trivial. Simplify ruthlessly. Batch relentlessly. Structure your environment to reduce, not multiply, decision points. Your capacity for good decisions is finite and precious. Every choice about socks or cereal is capacity not spent on relationships, creativity, or purpose. Decision fatigue isn't about making fewer decisions. It's about making better decisions about what deserves decision-making energy at all. That meta decision might be the most important one you make today.

- The Psychology Of Decision Fatigue: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever felt completely exhausted after a day of making countless decisions you're not alone by the end of this video you'll understand why your brain feels so drained and what you can do about it welcome to psychology made clear today we're diving into the fascinating concept of decision fatigue and its impact on our daily lives we'll explore why making too many decisions can leave us mentally exhausted and how this affects our Behavior imagine starting your day with a clear mind but as the day progresses each decision becomes harder to make this is decision fatigue at work it can lead to poor decision-making impulsiveness and even procrastination for instance have you ever found yourself standing in the grocery store staring at a wall of cereal boxes unable to choose or perhaps you've spent hours agonizing over what to wear in the morning these seemingly small decisions add up sapping your mental energy bit by bit by the time evening rolls around you might find yourself eating unhealthy snacks binge watching TV shows or putting off important tasks these behaviors are classic signs of decision fatigue steering your choices understanding this can help you take control and make better decisions so what exactly causes decision fatigue one key factor is ego depletion this Theory suggests that our willpower is like a muscle that gets tired after extensive use the more decisions you make the more depleted your mental resources become in a famous experiment by psychologist Roy balme participants who had to make a series of choices exhibited less self-control and subsequent tasks compared to those who didn't this supports the idea that decision-making drains our mental energy another factor is Choice overload when we're bombarded with too many options our brains struggled to process them all leading to mental exhaustion research by psychologist Sheena yender found that people were more likely to make a per purchase when offered fewer choices highlighting the overwhelming nature of too many options decision fatigue can also affect our professional lives leaders and managers often face a barrage of decisions daily from strategic planning to team management over time this constant decision-making can lead to burnout and decreased productivity for example in high stakes environments like healthcare decision fatigue can contribute to critical errors underscoring the importance of managing mental resources effectively even mundane decisions can contribute to this fatigue deciding what to eat for dinner what route to take to work or what tasks to prioritize can cumulatively we you down the key is to recognize the signs early and take steps to mitigate the impact recognizing decision fatigue is crucial once you understand it you can Implement strategies to combat it one effective method is to prioritize your most important decisions in the morning when your mental energy is highest creating routines is another powerful strategy by establishing habits and routines you reduce the number of decisions you need to make daily for example consider meal prepping for the week or setting a standard wardrobe for workday simplifying choices can also make a big difference limiting your options can help conserve mental energy for instance Steve Jobs famously wore the same style of black turtleneck jeans and sneakers every day to avoid de fatigue delegating decisions can be helpful too trusting others to make decisions within their expertise can free up your mental bandwidth for more critical choices in professional settings this might mean empowering team members to handle specific tasks allowing leaders to focus on broader strategic decisions taking breaks and practicing mindfulness can rejuvenate your mind regular short breaks throughout the day can help you recharge and maintain Focus mindfulness practices such as meditation or deep breathing can also help clear mental clutter and enhance decision- making Studies have shown that even a few minutes of mindfulness practice can significantly reduce stress and improve cognitive function technology can also play a role in managing decision fatigue using tools like task management apps or calendar reminders can help you stay organized and reduce the mental load of keeping track of numerous decisions automation can simplify routine tasks such as scheduling meetings or setting up recurring reminders for regular activities to recap decision fatigue is a state of mental exhaustion caused by making too many decisions it can lead to poor choices impulsiveness and procrastination by understanding the psychological factors behind decision fatigue like ego depletion and choice overload and implementing strategies such as prioritizing important decisions creating routines simplifying choices delegating taking breaks and leveraging Technology you can improve your decision making in overall well-being have you experienced decision fatigue share your story in the comments below and don't forget to subscribe for more insights into the psychology of everyday life your mental energy is precious learn to manage it wisely

- Modeling Market Regime Shifts: Why Algorithmic Strategies Break: Kind: captions Language: en Every quantitative trader experiences this. A system performs beautifully for months and then without warning it enters a catastrophic draw down. The code did not change. The logic did not change. What changed was the market regime. Beneath every price chart, markets shift through four distinct regimes. low volatility, mean reversion, high volatility expansion, liquidity crisis, and structured trend. Each state carries its own logic, reshaping volatility and liquidity in ways that challenge even the most robust trading systems. Low volatility mean reversion dominates in quiet stretches. spreads stay tight, realized variance drops, and prices hover near a short-term average. Here, mean reversion strategies find opportunity as order books remain deep and stable. But when volatility erupts, sparked by macro shocks or sudden news, the market enters high volatility expansion. Spreads widen, order flow surges, and price swings become violent. Trend following models may suddenly excel while meme reversion systems risk sharp losses. The liquidity crisis regime is the most dangerous. Orderbook depth vanishes, realized variance spikes and crossasset correlations soar. In March 2020, as CO 19 panic swept through markets, liquidity evaporated. Even the most liquid assets saw gapped quotes and wild slippage. In these moments, static technical indicators fail, and only systems attuned to regime shifts can manage risk. Structured trend regimes appear when markets move persistently in one direction, often driven by macro cycles or sector momentum. Volatility may ease, but the rewards favor disciplined trend models over those expecting a return to the mean. Empirical studies confirm these regimes are real. Statistical markers shift as markets transition and the volatility paradox. Calm periods preceding turmoil recurs across decades of US equity data. Detection lag quietly undermines retail trading. When the market shifts, say from calm to sudden volatility, classic tools like the 14-day RSI, 9 period MACD, and simple moving averages do not keep up. Their formulas built for stability wait for several new bars before signaling change. This delay is not trivial. Studies of US equities, futures, and FX from 1995 to 2024 show the median lag between an actual regime switch marked by hidden markoff models on order flow and realized variance. And the first retail indicator signal is 30 to 90 minutes. In high volatility events, moving average crossovers can lag by up to 150 minutes. The impact is concrete. During a volatility spike, a 1-hour lag can turn a manageable exit into a steep loss. Slippage makes things worse. By the time retail signals react, spreads have widened, liquidity has vanished, and institutional desks have already moved. Quantitative CD DFS built from nearly three decades of tick data reveal over 70% of retail signals arrive after the real regime change is already reflected in order flow and realized variance. This is not just a technical gap. It is a structural disadvantage. While retail traders wait for lagging signals, institutional systems process highfrequency order book data and use machine learning models to classify regime in real time, adjusting positions within seconds. In today's markets, speed is not just an edge, it is survival. A quant researcher lays out the technical arsenal that powers regime trading. At the core is order book imbalance OBI calculated as the net volume at the top five bid and ask levels normalized by total depth. The formula is the sum of bid sizes minus the sum of ask sizes divided by the total of those sizes. It captures micro structure shifts invisible to retail charts. Realized variance measured over rolling fiveminute windows of 1- second returns flags volatility spikes before price-based tools react. Cross asset correlation matrices updated every minute on a basket of 10 major instruments reveal when market stress drives assets to move together. And this is often a precursor to liquidity crisis. Hidden Markoff models trained on these features use a transition matrix with diagonal persistence values near 80%. Enabling real-time regime classification with latency under 50 milliseconds. For deeper temporal patterns, LSTM networks with layers of 64 units process sequences of highfrequency features delivering regime probabilities that adapt as conditions evolve. These models tuned with learning rates of 1 * 10 to the minus3 and drop out at 20% form the backbone of adaptive execution. The result is a pipeline that senses, classifies, and responds to regime shifts as they unfold, replacing guesswork with engineered precision. When volatility detonated during February 2018, Volmageddon execution engineer teams faced a realtime stress test as static retail bots clung to outdated MACD and RSI signals. The regime aware pipeline at Voltera Edge recalibrated within milliseconds. The systems classifier, drawing on live order book imbalance and realized variance, flagged a high volatility expansion in under 50 milliseconds, fast enough to preempt the liquidity cascade. Automated logic slashed alpha weights shortened holding periods and triggered capital allocation caps before spreads could widen further. Internal logs confirm the payoff. While static strategies recorded a 23% draw down that day, the regime aaware pipeline capped losses at 14%. This reduction was not theoretical. It was engineered in real time driven by adaptive infrastructure and machine learning at the core of institutional risk control. No system is immune to error. Even the most advanced regime classifiers, whether hidden marov models or LSTMbased neural nets, face the reality of false signals and operational drift. In practice, a high performance regime detector will still record an 8% false positive rate and a 12% false negative rate. These errors translate into missed exits or premature trades, each with a tangible cost. Latency is another constraint. The entire pipeline from tick ingestion to classification must respond in under 50 milliseconds to remain relevant. Weekly offline retraining paired with an online exponential moving average update at alpha approximately 0.01 helps adapt to structural changes without overfitting to noise. To manage risk, teams maintain a formal checklist, monitor false positive and false negative metrics, enforce latency budgets, and schedule retraining cycles. Responsible deployment demands rigorous model governance, regular stress tests, and strict operational thresholds. Because in non-stationary markets, robust engineering is as vital as the model itself. Static tools like RSI, MACD, and moving averages fail against non-stationary markets. Only regime aware systems driven by live order flow, advanced neural networks, and adaptive execution stand a chance. In trading, survival favors the dynamically robust.

  Top Comments:
  1. @quantforgeanalytics: Market regime shifts are where most retail algorithms go to die.

For the quants and developers here: how does your current architecture handle sudden volatility expansions? Are you utilizing unsupervised machine learning (like Hidden Markov Models) for real-time classification, or still relying on hardcoded filters like ATR?

Drop your questions about regime modeling, Python-to-MQL5 execution bridges, or general algorithmic architecture below. I’ll be in the thread answering them. Let’s build better systems. 👇

- Etsy Algorithm Change Survival Guide... AI Meltdown, Shadow ban, Sales Down Bad.: Kind: captions Language: en Sales and views have dropped and are dropping since August 2025. I don't know what to do. I have been on Etsy for more than 4 years and have never had an experience as this. After they introduced the change for title suggestions, my shop, which used to do well, has dropped almost 70% in sales per week. That's crazy. Many listings expire because they no longer have views or sales even when they used to do well. Etsy sellers, what's your experience? What helped you to get back on track? Are you using eRank and consistently changing tags? No, do not change your tags. That's crazy. When this person said here, when it came out, I used the new format for a few AB tests and quickly realized they were the worst suggestions ever. The listings that used them got zero visibility essentially. I mean, I could already tell just by looking at how the suggested titles look away any good information, took away any good information, but was willing to see. Zero out of 10. Oh, did you change all your titles and tags according to their suggestions? I chose not to because I have put a ton of my own research into my titles and tags and they work for me and work well. I would very quickly became extremely glad I had made that decision because I had started hearing about Etsy's suggestions were basically shop killers. If your five-star shop is failing or you're worried about a potential shadow band, you're not alone. A lot of people are being filtered out. Sales are dropping, old stores are dying, and new stores are not getting traction. It could be saturation, it could be a glitch, it could be the economy, and all of those are very real factors, but within the last 6 to 8 months, a lot has happened. What's up everybody? Uh, Dave here. Check the description for helpful links like my new app that helps you do SEO, free 10-minute mentorship calls, as well as the free Etsy ads cheat sheet. 2026 and beyond is going to be interesting because all like I said, all of the platforms are moving away from indexing. They're moving into a tailored search result. And we've always had this. We had interest-based search results, and now we have CSR, which is the evolution of that. However, I believe that we're seeing even more of a shift. And that's why you see new posts every day, and you hear about, or maybe even experience yourself, people dropping. So, my belief is that Etsy's own search documents say its system takes a new holistic view of a listing. These are new new documents from them. Including title, tags, attributes, descriptions, first photo, reviews, and more. To connect items with the right buyers. Etsy also says ranking uses shop, customer service, listing quality, relevancy, and engagement signals, okay? Etsy is likely moving into a much more behavior-based AI-assisted smart smart results system, just plain and simple. Interest-based search results was the beginning, CSR is what they have now, and it's shifting even more. The old search, think of it like a library. You typed words, and the system pulled matching pages. Titles and tags made you more eligible. Conversion rate and click-through rate made you climb higher. But, new search is a mix between buyer behavior, buyer history, listing data, and tons of other signals that are not in our direct control. Etsy is likely moving closer towards a custom-tailored result system, just like every other algorithm and every other platform out there have already. So, let's actually talk about what's actually happening right now. This is where I really want you to pay attention. Two main things, in my view, you know, I I'm not I'm I don't have a crystal ball. I don't have direct access to the algorithm, whatever. But, in my view, two main things are happening to sellers on Etsy that explain sudden drops in sales. Number one, the newest reason, existing stores are now being ranked in the new, more holistic, more AI-driven algorithm. This results in past best sellers tanking and sales dropping. So, even whenever you have a store that's running and an algorithm change and the the algorithm changes how it views you, it it's eventually going to fizzle out. Plain and simple. This is exactly why we see posts, like I shared in the beginning of this video, frequently. Old best sellers run out of momentum. Old best sellers no longer have the steam to carry out it to carry them in the new system. It's likely why all stores didn't die at once, either. Each different store, each different best seller, each different niche, all those best sellers that did well in the old system, they had its own steam. They had its own momentum and it carried it into those the new algorithm and it the its engagement, its sales and conversion rate, it carried it through. But, eventually with new listings moving in, adhering to the new system, adhering to things being newer, selling just as much if not more, that's when those old best sellers start to crumble. Your your Etsy store is not cemented in time. That's why you see people drop off all the time. That's why one of my main type of students is old stores that did really, really well and then they stopped. It's it's your your store is a living, breathing organism and I'll and I'll talk about that in a second. Uh a similar thing, honestly, uh what what what I was saying, it doesn't carry them into the new system. It's likely why all stores didn't die all at once. That's why it's still happening. So, a similar thing is happening on some YouTube channels. If you've noticed on YouTube or if you're a creator that makes YouTube videos, maybe you've noticed people talking about this. New algorithms mean existing, previously successful channels find themselves averaging much lower views. I it my channel has averaged lower views. Maybe I need to I've uh obviously need to step it up, but I've noticed this across other channels that have much more subscribers than I do. Lower views on average compared to what they used to get. A new algorithm must be learned. It It's It's just plain and simple. With Etsy, I don't think there's a whole lot of new things we need to learn, but I do want to cover the things we should start adhering to and start testing with. Maybe it's not going to be an immediate change, but we definitely want to start trying these things. Number two, reason of what's actually happening right now, uh this is always in effect, by the way, and I've taught this year after year after year. Old listings that never sold or barely ever sold pulling down your store's conversion rate. That's what's hurting your store. I've coined the term digital cobwebs years ago, and they continue to still be a factor. Long-running stores will eventually one day come to a crossroad where these cobwebs do actually catch up to you, and I deal with these stores all the time in my mentorship. And And then the the the combo deal of that is that if both of these happen at the same time with an algorithm shift and you have a bunch of old listings that are that are pulling your conversion rate down, your store your store's quality score, whatever other factors they're judging you on in the background, or you already had a bunch of cobwebs, now the new algorithm is judging us differently, you have yourself the perfect storm. This has always been the case with algorithmic changes. Whenever they shuffle the deck of cards, I've If you've been with me for a a long time, you've known this this uh mannerism that I say, this this metaphor or whatever. Every time they shuck shuffle the deck of cards, uh you will end up landing somewhere differently, and over time it it kills your store. So, how do you fix a store or grow a store? How do you grow out of this? Start adhering to the smarter algorithm and testing some of these things. 15 words or less in the title. Obviously, you don't want to go hyper short. People have gone hyper short, and that the AI tool that they give you makes it hyper short. That's killing stores. That is killing stores. When people actually change their titles uh that is killing stores. You can see it all on Reddit and you can see see it even in the comments of of this channel. Um my tool in the description, add to cart SEO, has a 15 words or less um function on it. So, it not only looks for the best keywords for you, but it carefully crafts the titles and tags in the best way possible, so it's not repeating anything and it's getting the biggest, widest footprint for you. It's You have to try it out. I promise you. It's the It's the tool I've wish I had for the past 8 years. I I've literally finally developed it. So, please try it. It's in the description. Um so, try 15 words or less in the title either way. Uh working it's working well on many stores. Maybe it won't work right away, so don't do it on everything. Definitely don't change existing listing titles. That's killing everybody. Description must be packed full of keywords naturally and not spammy. Previously a description only needed to function as a utility, but now it it's really, really important that it has a lot of good keywords that tells the algorithm by your intent who it can be sold to, who can use it, what it is, all the adjectives, all the nouns possible. It's like another spot to put a bunch more keywords, but it needs to be natural. Don't make it all spammy. Don't make it gross. Number two, as always, clean out bad listings and your dead niches if you're print on demand, that is. If you have a bunch of niches that never sell or don't has never sold, take those niches out of your store. Allow the algorithm to focus in on what works. Taking care of dead weight has always been a solid strategy. Your shop is a living, breathing organ digital organism. I've said that a a lot throughout the years. Test new angles. Number three, test new angles within the scope of your store. Obviously, you don't want to start getting shiny object syndrome and and just selling random stuff. If you're handmade, please do not add print print on demand. If you're print on demand, please do not add digital. If you're just just stay within the scope of your store, okay? The only way to fix a store that has slumped is to move forward, too. This is a big point that I want to share. You have to list new listings. You have to test new angles of SEO. You have to have all the things I just talked about, all the three things I just talked about, but you have to move forward. You can't sit there with X amount of listings, not add new ones, not whether it's new brand new products or just duplicates. You have to move forward, period. Otherwise, the algorithm is going to judge, filter out, and drop all your old stuff as these changes go on, as new people come in. So, it's like if you had an Instagram and you were getting 100 views a day onto your onto your Shopify, 1,000 views a day, visits a day onto your Shopify and you never post on Instagram. The the the way forward is obviously not to post. Or, the way forward is obviously not not Sorry, the way forward is obviously to post more and not let things die and ferment. Don't let your store ferment and die. Changing existing listings will hurt your store even worse. I've literally always said this and it's always been right. Said that throughout all the years. And all the YouTubers who all the YouTubers I pay attention to said, "Guys, do not change your titles and tags with this tool. Please don't do that right away." And some people had the gall to to say things like, "Oh, I think Etsy would know best." That's great. Uh that didn't work out for a lot of people. Um some fringe cases of people changing titles or tags and it working exist. That's true. But, more cases exist for the opposite. So, these three things, along with these three truths, is what is going to move you forward, but everything needs to be a a a more of a holistic view. The titles and tags aren't the end all, be all anymore. Your description needs to be packed full of things and you can't really post just garbage. There's There's a lot of garbage on Etsy where people really took the more is better and ran with it. You can't have a thousand listings that are just okay anymore. All your listings have to be really good. You want quantity and quality, but a lot of people for a long time got away with just quantity and then the rest kind of lifted it up. So, check the links in the description if you want to work with me one-on-one. I'd love to have you. Check out the app I just launched. Very, very helpful, very, very affordable. It's price of a cup of coffee and grab the free Etsy ads cheat sheet in the description. I hope you have a beautiful day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thoughtfulcreation27 [10 likes]: sales and traffic is really bad and gone down so much. i was making daily sales from november and since february its just going downhill
  2. @ArtClub.365 [8 likes]: I’m sick of Etsy
  3. @du24pont70 [7 likes]: Only a minute and a half in and it sounds like Etsy is intentionally screwing over it's clientele.
  4. @myrrph [5 likes]: I had my best month ever on Etsy last month (April 2026). I'm not killing it by any means, but I've been climbing every month since I started. For the record I didn't change titles when prompted to do so.
  5. @clairejevron6146 [5 likes]: Yep me too successful shop over night 60% down 😭
  6. @ToEnlightInLove [3 likes]: Definitely a combination of saturation, the economy, and a new algo. But that's business for ya. As soon as you learn the rules and get the hang of it, something comes in to shake things up lol
  7. @AstaEi [2 likes]: Looks like Etsy found a new way to squeeze out vintage shops.. Since when does a slow-moving OOAK item mean a shop is 'underperforming'? Vintage isn't like POD stuff.. it’s meant to sit until the specific buyer finds it.. Etsy is turning away from its roots. It's becoming just another Amazon-wannabe. Sad.
  8. @Lisas_Creative_Designs [2 likes]: Ok. So how do we revive listings that used to sell really well and are now dead? I have a few of these.
  9. @delilahzarri8723 [2 likes]: You have always been honest and fair. I’ve seen you from day one and will be using your tools and course. I just wanted you to know out of all the content creators who just bs whatever they are paid to do, you have integrity even now after all these years ♥️
  10. @celestialblingjewelry8567 [2 likes]: About one on one mentorship,   you mention digital, print on demand,... but I sell antique to vintage, predominantly, art deco jewelry. Would your one on one mentorship work for shops like mine?
  11. @TristynMcLean [2 likes]: My shop overnight mid March dropped significantly! Went for consistent $400 days to lucky to get $200 and now a month later down to about $100 despite listing so many new listings! Like 100 in this past month!
  12. @leannecurtis8863 [2 likes]: this vid randomly popped up for me and took me a minute to recognize you without thr long hair. i usef to listen to your videos way back in the day when i first opened my etsy shop. thanks for sharing these tips!
  13. @MyAestheticAlley [2 likes]: My first Etsy shop in 2024 got views almost right away. I started a new shop 2 weeks ago, and now I’m getting basically 0 views most days.

I already have 38 listings in one niche (with bundles), I’m using eRank for keywords, active on Pinterest, and just started ads.

Did Etsy change something, or am I missing something?
Any general advice for new shops in 2026?
  14. @刀刄丂廾 [2 likes]: you're students are those people because of your prices, and people who had a shop that made money are willing to spend a bunch of money to try and get it back.
  15. @AB-fq4mr [1 likes]: Kind of makes you wonder if it's even worth it to constantly jump through hoops on Etsy anymore. Seems the only thing that matters are cheap items that are made shoddily, so they wake the algorithm up since everyone is buying them.
  16. @OmikamiCollectiveOfficial [1 likes]: Question is how good is Alurah then for creating titles and description + tags....
  17. @OmikamiCollectiveOfficial [1 likes]: Thanks Etsy 🤨
  18. @EM-vz5ng: 300 listings, 1 year of hard work, solid SEO backed by 20+ years of experience.
My shop got 8 visits yesterday. No sales for 1 month. Very low profit for 3 months.
Etsy feels dead and is turning into a machine designed to take your money through ads. They are killing their platform.
I’m working on other strategies to get free traffic. As soon as I can, I’ll move away from Etsy and sell through my own websites.
Good luck to everyone.
  19. @althovio: My shops sell vintage and antiques. I do not have best sellers. Best sellers are based on whatever is trending at the moment, such as Fairy Lamps right now. That trend peaked fast. Nonetheless my shops did really well in January and February. About a month ago there was a significant slow down and then it was like being kicked off of the Etsy cliff. After almost two weeks without sales, we sold three things. Soooooo,  slow. We have been on Etsy for 14 years, and the last ten has been mostly active. During the pandemic, rather active, the past year, very seriously as a serious business.
  20. @livgranger: I've noticed that etsy is also NOT being recommended as much in Google search results, my Bestsellers are now dead, my sales have plummetied, I did not change all my titles and tags initially, but now, since my sales are tanking, I have, but it still seems to make no difference. I am going to kill off the dead lsitings and see what happens, thing is even when listing something new, there is zero sales bump from it.

- Why Your Views Just Dropped (The 2026 Algorithm Truth): Kind: captions Language: en TubeBuddy has just dropped their May 2026 updates from the lab. And if you've noticed your views or revenue behaving strangely this month, this report explains exactly why. We aren't just looking at a minor tweak. YouTube is fundamentally restructuring how the algorithm treats series content, how it identifies AI-generated media, and most importantly, how it allows its viewers to opt out of certain formats entirely. Today, we're going to go behind the curtain of the report. We'll take a look at the technical shifts in the discovery layer and the deepfake reckoning that could put your channel at risk if you aren't careful. At the Review Business Academy, we've been tracking these trends in our beta program, so I'll also share how our students are already pivoting to stay ahead. Shift number one, the discovery layer and the Shorts opt-out. The most shocking detail in the lab report is the official rollout of the Shorts-free feed. YouTube is now giving desktop and TV users the ability to hide the Shorts feed entirely. TubeBuddy's analysis shows that the Shorts-only channels are seeing a 22% drop in discovery amongst older, high-income demographics who prefer long-form content. Strategy-wise, this means your Shorts can no longer be your main content. They must act as a discovery layer. In the report, TubeBuddy highlights how the multi-format creators, those who link Shorts to long-form via the related video tool, are seeing a three times higher retention rate. At the RBA, we call this the funnel architecture, and it's now a requirement, not an option, if you want to survive the feed customization. Shift number two, the deepfake reckoning and the AI transparency. Next is the deepfake reckoning. YouTube has integrated a new AI detection layer powered by Gemini that scans for realistic synthetic content during the upload process. According to the lab report, likeness detection, if your video uses an AI voice or a face that mimics a real person without a synthetically altered label, the video is now being demonetized instantly. TubeBuddy mentions that while tools like VO3 fast, YouTube's own AI, are safe, using external AI B-roll requires that altered content disclosure. Within the RBA, we are building an AI safety checklist that reflects these new 2026 compliance rules. If you're using AI to scale your reviews, you have to be transparent or the algorithm will flag you as low trust, which is the death of your search. Shift number three is the audio-first monetization surge. Now for some good news. The report highlights a massive shift in audio-first consumption. With YouTube's new partnership with SiriusXM, the platform is now aggressively monetizing background listening. That's right, you can now listen and not watch while you're walking around the neighborhood. So, what's changed? If your content has a high audio fidelity score, meaning people listen to it without looking at the screen, YouTube is opening up premium audio-only ad inventory. The insight here is that this is huge for review channels. TubeBuddy found that educational audio and deep dive reviews are seeing a 15% increase in RPM, revenue per mille, because of these audio-only ads. In our RBA monetizing mastery module, we're teaching students how to optimize their scripts for both the eyes and the ears to capture this extra revenue stream. Shift number four is the episodic rewards and seasons. Finally, the algorithm is moving towards episodic narratives. Two Buddy Lab data suggests that YouTube is now weighing playlists differently. If a viewer watches episode one of a series, the algorithm is now 80% more likely to put episode two in their up next slot compared to a random video. YouTube wants to be the next Netflix. They want seasons. So, you can still upload random reviews successfully, but I've used a very special technique to get a number of channels monetized, which really takes advantage of this episodic new spin. Listen, the Two Buddy Lab report proves one thing. YouTube in 2026 is a professional media industry. The post and pray method is officially dead. You need to master the discovery layer, comply with AI disclosure, and build episodic content if you want the exact templates and the community support to implement these 2026 shifts, check out the Review Business Academy. We've built the system so you don't have to guess. Check the link in the description and sign up for that free 15-minute channel strategy audit, and let's get your business ready for the rest of 2026. I'm Doug, and I'll see you in the next deep dive.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ReviewBusinessAcademy [1 likes]: ✅ FREE 15 MINUTE CHANNEL STRATEGY AUDIT: https://reviewbusinessacademy.com
  2. @lauriebloomflexibility [1 likes]: Thanks for the updates Doug!

- How to Dominate the New X Algorithm in 14 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en The Twitter X algorithm has changed. And if you're posting the same content you were 6 months ago, your reach is going to fall off a cliff. Most people have no idea what actually happened, so they blame shadow bans, the platform, the algorithm, or Elon Musk. The reality is that it's not broken, it just rewards completely different behaviors now. I know this because I've helped bring in over $3 million, $10 million in cash collected, and I'm personally sitting on over 10 billion impressions worth of data between my account and my clients. So, I know exactly what the algorithm is rewarding in 20 26, and more importantly, I know what it punishes. So, in this video, I'm going to break down every single thing that changed, what content the algorithm rewards now, what compounds over time, and what it punishes. So, for the last few years, Twitter had what's called an open-sourced algorithm. You could literally go on GitHub right now, see what the algorithm was, and see the code that supported what was working and what wasn't working in terms of content. And what they did is set a tweet score, and it was like if you got certain amount of likes, a certain amount of retweets, you would get a boost on your content. And it was the same thing for punishing your content. If you put X, Y, and Z in your content, it would get de-boosted. And this is what's called heuristics, and it's basically an if-then statement. If you did one thing, it would do another. But only a few months ago, it changed completely to what's called the Grok AI algorithm. And what this means is that every single piece of content that goes out on X is read by Grok, the AI, and it's determined if that piece of content is going to be valuable for the audience. And this is a massive shift in the algorithm, it massively shifts how we think about content that we create for our clients. Because in the past, you could almost game the algorithm because you knew exactly what the algorithm was pushing, and you could just go out of your way to abide by those heuristics in the code so that your content would get pushed. For example, if you knew that likes were more important than retweets, you could ask people to like your content. But now with the Grok AI, it's actually reading the content to see if it's valuable and relevant for the audience. And now we're at a point where the audience can actually create their own algorithm and create their own timeline. But the most important thing to understand from this change is that your content has to be unique, it needs to be valuable, and it needs to be original. So, let's talk about what the algorithm is actually rewarding now because when Grok's reading your content, it's making a decision to see if your content should be pushed to more of the audience that you're looking for. So, one of the most important things to know right now about content and Grok AI is that your content has to be relevant to the topics that the audience is looking for. And just yesterday, they released what's called the custom timelines. So, now the audience can actually pin up to 75 different topics on their for you page, so they only see those pieces of content on those timelines. So, what this means is that now users on X can pin up different topics like graphic design, cryptocurrency, NBA. So, now as a creator, your goal is going to be creating content for the specific keywords that are being pinned up by the audience. And this is super important to know cuz it's essentially the evolved version of what just came out a few weeks ago, which is the for you page filters. So, now what I can actually do on my for you pages I can go down, I can snooze all the topics I don't want to see so that I'll only see topics that I'm interested in the moment. So, for example, you can see that my for you page right now has a bunch of soccer content. So, I only want to see business and AI content right now because I'm in a business mode. So, I'm going to go ahead and mute everything that's not business and finance, as well as artificial intelligence. So, now when I refresh, all I'm seeing is business and AI-related content, and now I'm actually seeing what I chose. So, these custom timelines and for you page filters are changing the game completely for creators because now you're going to be put in front of your ideal audience every single time. And now this custom timeline feature literally just came out yesterday. So, I'm going to go on my phone here, and I'm going to create a custom timeline so that you can see how it works. So, I can go here to add a timeline, and I can pick whatever topic I want. So, I'm going to scroll down, and I'm just going to add artificial intelligence, and I can create this AI-specific timeline. So, now if I refresh and I go only to the AI, I'm seeing Open Claw Founders, I'm seeing AI Founders, AI features, new AI updates, AI SEO, Codex, and I'm only seeing AI-related stuff. So, what does this actually mean for you and the kind of content you need to create? In the past, you could create content about a ton of different topics and go a little bit more broad, and you could start to attract your audience because you were trying to hit all of these different subcultures and subsets of audiences on X. But now what you can do is you can hyperfocus on one specific topic and grow your audience organically. So, for example, if I wanted to create an account that takes advantage of AI, I could create an account that only talks about AI updates and AI features every single day, and I would post three times a day just talking about those specific AI feature updates so that when someone creates a custom AI timeline or they filter for topics about artificial intelligence, I will be showing up in front of those people specifically every single time. And what Grok is going to decide is it's going to decide that I'm an AI-related account, I'm a valuable account for people who are filtering for AI or creating AI timelines, and I'm going to be showing in front of those people more and more. And this is like revolutionary because no other platform has really done this before. You've never been able to like create your own timeline. In the past, these algorithms have always been kind of like a mind control thing. Like people always think that the algorithm's taking advantage of you, and it's just trying to keep you on the platform as long as possible, which is true because it kind of aligns with these social media platforms. They make money from advertising, so they want to keep you on the platform as long as possible, so they've kind of manipulate you to keep you in front of the same topics that you want, and TikTok does this the best. But with X, they're giving way more power to the user. So, the user gets to decide what they want to see to stay on the platform longer rather than just shoving stuff in their face. In the old X algorithm, you could be very sensational and take advantage of this because back in the day, Twitter was always the news platform. Everything you saw was news, breaking news, seeing conflict about war, conflict about politics even when you didn't want to. But now you can specifically filter out all that noise and only see high-value content. Or if you want to take a load off and just not see anything business-related, you can look at stuff specifically that are just memes or just gaming. So, now that you know about custom timelines and for you page filters, I'm going to show you an insane compound effect that you can use with the algorithm. So, if I go on my for you page, this is something that you might have noticed has been happening. But when you engage with one or two pieces of content or you send something to your buddies or you bookmark it, the algorithm is going to instantly catch onto that and just dump a bunch of other stuff that are just like that post. And I'm not just talking about the topic, I'm even talking about the format. example, if I click on one of these quote tweets, like this is a format that's been trending on X lately. Essentially, a format that's been trending is a posting an article, like a highly valuable article related to tech, business, AI, something like that, and then quoting that article, whether you're quoting it yourself or someone else is quoting it. But if you click on this, they're doing essentially a self-quote. We've done this for some clients, and they're using a meme video on top. So, for example, this guy's like, "Instead of watching TV tonight, read this and change your life forever." And it's essentially a de facto promotion of the article so that you click article and you go through it. Now, again, you can do this for your own articles, or you can just do it for other people's articles. So, for like for example, if I go to an AI account that I know, I bet they've probably run this format before. Yeah, here's another one. This guy posted a article by Marketer How to Master Cloud Design, and this guy, Makina, said, "Anthropic just released what's basically AGI for designers." So, it's essentially like promoting the article without actually promoting it. And the reason this works is twofold. One, the actual article's good, it has a nice clean thumbnail, and it's something super valuable. But additionally, you can actually click view quotes under an article, and you can filter for most viewed or recent quotes. So, this essentially acts as an additional for you page because you can now see all of the top quotes on this article. And one interesting thing that happens is once you view a quote of a article or of a thread, you start to see a bunch of more similar quote-fashioned tweets. And it's essentially what I call like a chain reaction. Like as soon as you interact with a certain format on the algorithm, it starts to push that format a ton to you, five, six, in a row until you kind of get exhausted from it and actively switch off to another topic. So, even just scrolling, right? Like I found another article here. As soon as I view the quotes, you can see that the creator of the article was quoting his own article. Like that is 100% what's working right now, and it's just a meta that I've seen nonstop on the timeline. Here's another guy quoting another article, more guys talking about the Grok algorithm. It moves very fast, and in the time that I've been recording this video for 10, 20 minutes, it's already starting to push more. Here's another quote on an article. That same article that I just clicked, it's now coming up on my for you page. Here's another article about LinkedIn. What I want you to take home about this is that the algorithm rewards these cascade effects, this waterfall effect. As soon as somebody interacts with one thing, they're getting pushed that format. So, how can you actually take advantage of this? There's two things you can do to take advantage of this compound effect. Number one is you can just look on your timeline, interact with a few different things that you're interested in, or interact with a few different things in your niche. They don't even have to be competitors, they could just be the same topic. So, as you saw in that video, if I just interact with a few different Claude articles, I can see the exact format that's crushing right now that the Grok algorithm is spamming at users that are interested in that. And what I can do is I can take that format and use it to my advantage. The important thing to know about X is that there's going to be different frameworks and different formats crushing every few weeks. It's not like LinkedIn, it's not like Instagram, it's not like YouTube that has these evergreen formats. Now, there are a few formats that have been crushing for years, but it's very cyclical. Like something that worked 3 years ago isn't working 2 years down the line, and then might start working again. But what's so important is that you are creating content today that has worked today. The most we do in terms of content batching is 1 week ahead for this exact reason. We want to know every single week what formats are crushing so we can take advantage of those formats and take advantage of this compound effect so that when someone interacts with a format just like it, they get pushed our clients' content and our content in that exact format. The second way you can take advantage of the compound effect is as soon as you go viral on X, you will immediately have your next one or two posts shown to the people who engaged with that post. Now, you've probably seen something like this, so this is very much an aha moment for you where you've interacted with an article, interacted with a thread, interacted with a video, [music] and then maybe an hour, a minute, 10 minutes later, you were immediately shown another one of their tweets. This is the Grok algorithm essentially probing you [music] and seeing like, "Hey, you interacted with this viral post, you probably will like them again." And it's going to continue to show you their content until you stop engaging with it. So, this compound effect can be taken advantage of from the perspective of the creator. As soon as you post some sort of thread or long-form or viral video, you can take advantage of that next post knowing that it'll have a boost to the audience. So, for example, something we do at our agency for clients is you can post a viral article or article that has a ton of value and expertise, and then the next tweet can be a call to action or a lead magnet or something like that cuz you know it's going to have more eyeballs on it. And what this does is it allows you to actually convert more people to your followers. This also works for replies. If you get a reply on a big creator's tweet or like Elon Musk's tweet and you get a thousand likes, a hundred thousand views, something like that, people are going to see your next tweet, so you can use that to try to convert them instead of just tweeting any other tweet or something personal update or something like that, you can tweet something like a viral article or a viral top of funnel trending post that will actually convert people to your profile or even go viral again and get back-to-back virality, which is something we see all the time. And this is why this viral article with quote tweet system has been working for people because they'll post an article, it will get a bunch of traction, and then they'll literally quote that article again. They're going to use their compound effect to promote the article that was already working and it works as kind of a back-and-forth flywheel. Now, before wrapping this video up, there's one more thing you need so that you don't just kill all the reach we just talked about. Now, this is essentially things to avoid so that you're not actually going to get shadow banned by the algorithm. And these are really just essentially things that Grok decides is not valuable, but we have confirmation from the head of product Nikita what is actually going to hurt your reach. And one of those things is going to be engagement spamming. I can't tell you how many times I've seen Nikita reply to accounts who say they're shadow banned or say they're not getting big payouts, and he just screen records and scrolls through all their tweets, and it's literally just good morning, good morning, good morning a thousand times a day. Let's see, if I just scroll his replies, he does this all the time. It's hilarious. Someone tweets, "Accept it, Nikita's the worst hire at X." And he clicks his profile and searches, and it's just a screen recording of this guy saying good morning a thousand times. And now, this is a great example of what it looks like to get shadow banned or even suspended. If you're just trying to get volume out there and say the same thing, copy-paste every single time, there's zero chance that your content is going to get pushed out. Another thing that will 100% not work is that if you're trying to essentially capitalize on conflict or politics or war and using that as your content. Now, Nikita Bier just recently announced that if you use breaking in all caps with the alert emoji in your content, you were getting your payouts reduced by up to 60%. And what that means and what we can assume is that if you're getting your payouts reduced, you are definitely getting your reach reduced. And this just aligns with what we talked about earlier in the video, and it's that the Grok algorithm wants to push content that is relevant to its audience, what people are actually filtering for and creating custom timelines for, and content that's actually original and valuable. And now, additionally, and this was the same with the old Twitter algorithm, but we should continue to talk about it and drive it home with the new Grok algorithm, is that posting content that's NSFW, that's going to be swearing, going to be sharing violent videos, anything like that that's NSFW, not safe, is going to be 100% deboosted. It's not going to be shown to everyone, no matter what topic it's about, no matter if it's valuable. I would 100% stay away from all of that stuff if you want to get the highest content. And I just want to address the myth that you are shadow banned. I can't tell you how many times I've worked with accounts who thought they were shadow banned. They had 50,000 followers that they hadn't touched in years, and we came in and immediately went viral, immediately grew. You're not shadow banned unless you are doing any of those three things that I listed recently. You 100% have a fair shot, and just get that out of your mind because it's a mental block that's 100% going to hold you back from succeeding on X. So again, you understand now how the algorithm works, what it rewards, and what it punishes. But cracking the algorithm and going viral and getting reach is completely different than turning it into clients, getting sales, getting revenue in the door. So, click this video because it goes through exactly how we use Twitter X to drive inbound leads and actually drive in sales for our clients, and I'll see you there.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Erliortmejurur [1 likes]: Very informative, thank you so much!
  2. @MUARIFRAZA [1 likes]: Great video but I don't have x premium and my posts don't get views can we connect
  3. @boyantrifonov: Are threads still relevant on 𝕏? Or is video better for long form content?

- How to Recreate Winning AI Ads with Kling Motion Control: Kind: captions Language: en You can now literally use your winning ad and turn it into different character, product, or environment variations. While most brands spend thousands on ad shoots to then realize the creative can just be used for one campaign. So, here's what I found after testing dozens of AI video ad workflows. You don't need to reshoot anything. You need one strong base video and a system that lets you multiply it across different characters, different audiences, different angles, while keeping the exact same performance that already converts. I've been running this workflow for the past three months across multiple campaigns. The results are consistent. One base video becomes 10 variations. Same speech, same gestures, same timing. Only the character, product, or environment changes. And this isn't about making AI videos for the sake of it. This is about scaling what already works without burning budget on re-shoots or waiting weeks for new creative. The biggest mistake I see is people treating every ad like it's a brand new project. They rewrite the script, rehire creators, re-edit everything, and that's why most campaigns die before they scale. I'll first show you the full step-by-step process and then how to recreate winning viral ads for your own product. So, I'm walking you through the exact workflow I use inside Arch with Cling 2.6 motion control. This handles both scenarios such as scaling your own winning content and adapting viral formats from the market with your own product. Now, if you want to follow along, everything I'm using is linked in the description. First, you need a base video. And this can be a real video you recorded with your product, a UGC style video you created earlier or something that already performed well on social media. The key idea is simple. We're not changing the motion. We're only changing the visuals. So, what makes a good base video? Clear face visibility, natural lip movement, simple hand gestures, stable framing, clean lighting, and the product needs to be visible at all times. Most people underestimate this part. The quality of your base video directly determines the final result. If the base footage has fast head turns or the face is covered by hand, the motion transfer breaks down. Now, take a screenshot from the base video. You want a clean frame where the character is clearly visible, the product is fully visible, and the background is clean and undistorted. This frame becomes your visual reference. It's what the AI uses to understand the structure of the scene before we swap the character. So, open Arcads, click new project, and then select image. At this stage, we're preparing the character replacement image, not the video yet. Inside the image section, you'll upload two reference images. Reference image one, the screenshot you just took from the base video. Reference image two, a reference image of the new character. In this case, I'm using a powerful recognizable fitness figure suitable for protein powder advertising. Now, this second image defines the new character's facial structure, expression style, and overall presence. The closer this matches the original framing and lighting, the cleaner the final result. Now we use Nanobanana Pro and this is the most important parameter in the entire workflow. Paste a prompt like this. Then click generate. Here's why this matters. This prompt locks the environment, the product placement, and the camera angle. It prevents unwanted visual changes. Most people write vague prompts and wonder why the output drifts. Precision here gives you control. Once the image is generated, check background consistency, check product alignment, and if it looks clean, download the image using download HD. This image now serves as the character identity for the video. Now we move to cling 2.6 motion control. So inside arcad click see more. Then select cling 2.6. Then upload a character image. The newly generated image you just downloaded. Click generate. Now cling 2.6 motion control transfers the exact same speech, preserves lip sync, copies hand gestures, keeps timing and rhythm, and applies everything to the new character. The result is a video where the background is identical. The product remains unchanged. The performance is the same. Only the character is different. And this is the simplest way I found to scale winning ads without re-shooting. Why this workflow is powerful for advertising? If a video already works, you don't remake it, you multiply it. Different characters let you target different audiences, refresh creatives without re-shooting and extend campaign lifespan. You can test different personas, different authority figures, different emotional responses, all while keeping the message identical. This keeps it incredibly efficient. Now, Cling 2.6 6 motion control works so well for ads because the movement feels natural and human. Lip sync stays accurate. Gestures remain believable. The ad keeps its authenticity and this is critical for UGC style conversion ads. So for base videos, avoid fast head turns, avoid covering the face with hands. Keep gestures slow and natural. Maintain consistent lighting. For character images, similar camera angle to the base video, similar lighting direction, similar framing and head size. And what to avoid? fast cuts, heavy motion blur, extreme facial expressions, overstylized base footage. These tend to break the motion transfer. Now, let me show you how to recreate a winning viral ad for your own product. And the goal here is slightly different. Instead of using our own base video, we find a winning viral video on social media and recreate the same performance and structure, but with our own product, our own character, and a new environment. This allows us to borrow proven performance, not guess what works. So first identify a high performing video on Tik Tok, Instagram reels or YouTube shorts. This video should have strong engagement, clear talking to camera structure, natural UGC style delivery and simple repeatable motion. Once you find it, download the video to your device. This becomes your motion reference. Now in this workflow, we keep the motion, speech, timing, and gestures. We change the product, the character, and the environment. So the structure stays the same, but the branding becomes yours. Now we need a new character holding our own product. In this case, the product is a hand cream. So, open Arcads, click new project, select image, then upload the product image. At this stage, we're creating a UGC style character image that will later drive the motion. So, I'm using Nanobanana Pro and paste the prompt like this. Then, click generate. Once generated, check that the product is clearly visible. Make sure the hand placement looks natural. Ensure lighting and framing feel realistic. Then, click download HD. And this image now represents your product, your character, and your new environment. So let's move to cling 2.6 motion control. So inside arcad, click see more. Then select cling 2.6 motion control. Now we connect a proven viral motion with our own branding. Now upload the viral video you downloaded and use it as your reference. Then upload a character image. Now cling 2.6 Six motion control copies the exact same speech, preserves lip sync, transfers hand gestures, keeps timing and rhythm, and applies all motion to your new character. The final result, same delivery, same structure, same performance, different product, different character, different environment. So instead of guessing what hook works, what pacing converts, what delivery performs, you directly reuse a format that already won. You don't write new scripts, you don't test unknown concepts, you don't build from zero. You adapt what already works. And because the original video was already native to the platform and already felt organic, your version also feels native, not like an ad. Now, Cling allows you to separate performance from identity, keep human emotion intact, and preserve trust and realism. And this is critical for UGC style ads where authenticity matters more than polish. So, we just went from one base video to multiple high performance ad variations and from a viral video on social media to a fully branded ad with your own product, all inside one workflow. And this isn't about making cool AI videos. This is about replacing weeks of production with a process you control in minutes. I've tested over a dozen different AI video pipelines this year, and this one's the most consistent across lighting, motion, and lip-sync accuracy. So, once you've built this system, once you can generate 20 ad variations a day with consistent actors, you're saving so much money. Now, if you want to try this yourself, Aritz is linked below. Once you see your first clean render, you realize you don't need a studio or big team. You just need the right workflow. Thanks for watching this video and I'll see you next

  Top Comments:
  1. @RajikaKumara-tl4wb [1 likes]: This video is really useful and helpful!. Thank you share it with us!!!.
  2. @mr_miraclesampson [1 likes]: This was really helpful.🙏
  3. @philiptawiah2780 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for sharing this with us, I'm definitely going to give it a try
  4. @Matrix22284: AI now is a monster and must use it
  5. @AM00-AM00-A: 🔥 Amazing and super helpful video! Clear explanation on how to recreate winning ads using Kling Motion Control 👏 Thanks for sharing, this is powerful info for anyone working on video marketing 🚀
  6. @YaroslavAlexeev-b1k: How long did it take to see consistent results after using this workflow across multiple campaigns?
  7. @AaishahAwero: This is really informative, keep it up!
  8. @AdiFaisal23: this is awesome but imagine if you could do this in real time
  9. @SheilaHermida: Love the way you explained very detail about kling motion control function. Keep it up!
  10. @MohabAhmed-nf1wx: New, wonderful, and useful information. The content is more than amazing; I really liked it.
  11. @jaslimohommed: Smart way to scale ads without wasting time on reshoots
  12. @ShaariqPatel: Finally someone explaining how to recreate winning AI ads step by step. Great breakdown, especially the motion control part
  13. @tok-d7x: Is this product really good?
  14. @YOUCEF89-n7d: Great breakdown of how to reverse-engineer high-performing AI ads using Kling’s motion control tools. I especially liked the part where you showed how small camera movements and timing tweaks can completely change the emotional impact of a scene. One question: when recreating “winning” ads, how do you balance inspiration vs. originality to avoid making something that feels too similar to the source?
  15. @GamingAndgamers-vi2kk: Loved this! Clear, useful, and straight to the point on using Kling Motion Control for AI ads. Great job 👏
  16. @XaresaAthaya: Great tutorial! The explanation is clear and really helpful for anyone who wants to create high-converting AI ads without wasting time or budget. Very practical tips 👍
  17. @Brylanes: Such a fantastic guide! I’m excited to experiment with Kling Motion Control for my ads. Your insights have been really inspiring—thank you!
  18. @koldiza: Very nice idea that how to recreate wining ai ads with Kling thanks for this information sharing to us.
  19. @hamidanokas: Really interesting video 👍 I appreciate the effort you put into this — the pacing and clarity made it easy to follow. Looking forward to your next upload!
  20. @SyamUniverse: AI motion control keeps every performance perfectly consistent.

- Steal This AI Process to Make Winning Video Ads on Facebook: Kind: captions Language: en Today we're getting into how to make winning video ads completely with AI that can actually scale on Facebook. One of the most underutilized ways to scale video ads in 2025 is by using AI and yes, underutilized cuz most people don't know how to use it properly and then actually taking and training your team on it on how to properly use it. However, most brand owners and people using AI are simply stuck on level one prompting getting okay output and not realizing the full potential of what it can actually do and the amount of winning ads it can produce for you. And if you stick around through this video, I'm going to show you and fully share my screen and build out this entire process live with you. I'm also going to show you how you can use this process to take your competitors and your own top ads and remake an infinite amount of high converting ads that put you into a new pocket audience on Facebook. And more importantly, I'm going to walk you through and show you exactly how to set up the projects and what documents you need, the prompts you need to actually realize the full potential of these AI tools to produce winners like clockwork on Facebook. That way you have a full a toz process that you could take after this video to go apply to your Facebook ads right after this video that can actually pick up spend and scale you by improving your creative diversity. This is the same process that our team currently does to do over 20 million per year and AI has taken over the majority of our researching, scripting, and briefing process. So don't get left behind because this will be the difference between those who continue to scale with leaner and leaner teams and more profits to those that are stuck simply not realizing the full potential of what AI can do. All because they simply didn't have the right process or knowledge to actually take action on it effectively. This is also the same process that my clients are using that have helped over 25 clients stuck at five to six figure months scale to multi6figure months and even seven figure per months and beyond. At the time of recording this, our clients combined do over 150 million per year. And listen, if you're already doing over 30,000 a month with your Shopify store, I want to offer you a completely free scale plan audit call where my team and I will dive into your brand, map out the exact next steps you need over the next 30 days to scale your brand to the next level. My promise is that there's no pitch. We will not pitch you into some community or try to sell you something. If at the end of the call you want to learn more about it, you let us know. If not, no worries. you still get pure value and a full 30-day plan that you can leave the call with and start taking action on today. With that said, let's go ahead and dive in. So, this is how to make winning video ads on Facebook using AI. I want to start with this nice little meme here. Just give prompts. I need automations and every crazy eye tool and then just give prompts, right? The difference here is the beginner with AI just starts prompting, gives scripts and says to make new versions. However, the expert just starts prompting but with the proper project setup, context and domain library set in chat now just says make new versions but all of a sudden the output you get is 10 times 20 times 30 times better than what you did as the beginner. And so the difference is most people are here. They're just giving prompts. Okay. Then some people use like na n and you know pop eiations which you can do. Um, and then most people end up coming back to, well, I just got to give good prompts. And now you end up giving better prompts. It's not just about good prompts. It's about having the project set up. The AI chats trained enough with all context and domain libraries needed. If you don't know what those are, I'm going to break them down and show you. And we're actually share my screen and, you know, create it live with you. Um, to where you could actually just give prompts, but it'd be 100 times better than your normal chatbt or cloud chat. Okay. So, with that being said, you're here or you're here. I'm going to get you here and show you a very simple process that increases the effectiveness and the scripts of your output massively. Okay, so how to actually use AI to create winning video ads. First, use Claude, right? Very simple. Oops. Very simple, which we're going to get into. Um, it's the just the best for copy. Just use Claude. Okay, that's the first thing. Now, how do we use it properly? Once again, you don't use Claude and you give it prompts and blah blah blah. No, what we need is a proper project setup, clear project instructions, context library, and domain library. When you give a cloud project each of these and it's set up properly, your output once again improves massively. Um, which lets us now use AI in different chats for very specific tasks to get better output. So once again, let's let's go through it all and then I'm actually going to share my screen. We'll build this out together. First is the proper project setup for cloud. One, you should have one project per task. Don't group it together. People will just have like an ad project, right? And then under that they do everything. But you'll get better output with more specific instructions per project. So you want one project per main task. Don't group together. What I mean by one main task is for making hooks, CTAs, headlines, primary text, ad remakes, net new ads, new angles, whatever it may be. Each of these different things you'll be creating within Claude, you should have a different specific project for. So in our company Claude account, we have one project specifically for hooks, one specifically for CTAs, one specifically for headlines, one specifically for ad remix. You get the point. And within these projects, you have multiple traps whenever you need a new chat, but all specific to one specific task. Because when we have one specific task for the project, and that project, which we'll get into, has clear project instructions, context, library, and domain on each of those specific tasks, the output's much better. Okay, so it keeps learning context resources given to each specific task, which improves output. Once again, it's specific to the task. All resource, domain, context, libraries, etc. are given specific to that task and therefore your output improves massively. So that's the proper project setup. Next is you need clear project instructions. And what I mean by that is most people don't even know this, but when you create a project, there's a little edit thing and you can actually set the instructions on the project. So you need to set your clear project instructions per project once again based on the task. Pro tip, which we'll get into, use prompt cowboy to get great instructions easily with a great prompt. And this gives the direction for each project to follow. You need the project set up per task. And now for every single specific task, you set a specific instruction to follow. This way when it goes it knows what process to follow to make great primary text or great hooks or great headlines specifically for that one task which once again that's why instead of having broad instructions of like I need you to make me a great ad you know pretend you're Eugene Schwarz all these things that you're doing but it's just general for a great ad you can now take that dial it down for one specific task and once again and the instructions are specifically for just hooks just text etc and your output improves massively okay so once we have a proper project set up and each project now has clear instructions for each individual task we need to build context libraries and give each project a context library. So, and the products library is a big PDF essentially of all context the AI will need about your brand, product, audience, offer, pricing, avatars, etc. Okay? And each project needs an in-depth context library to have all the context it needs about your brand, your product, your offer, blah blah blah. Okay? This should include all customer research, reviews, etc. This should give the project all the information needed to create researchbacked, accurate scripts. And once again, I'm going to show you how we can actually come up with the context libraries with GPT to put into Claude once again, but you want to mix that with a big export as well of all your customer reviews, top ad comments, any research you did yourself, etc. Okay, that's the context library. So, every single one of these projects per specific task will then have that context library built into it. And last but not least is your domain library. The domain library is now essentially a big PDF of task specific knowledge to improve the output. Example, how to write great hooks. So, the hook project will have a domain PDF, a big PDF specifically all about how to write great hooks. Then, if we're doing ad remakes or new ads or primary text, we're then going to have a domain library, a big PDF of specific task knowledge on how to write great primary text. Okay? You can use chat GBT to create these, which I'll show you. And then my pro tip as well is go get great YouTube videos, um, great resources, books, tweets that you have from the people in the space that explain this stuff very well. And you can now use all of these things and add it onto your domain library for that specific task. So if there's a tweet from somebody that goes into how to write great hooks and you're like, "Wow, this is right a really good tweet." You can take that tweet, add the domain library, right? Ask GB to expand on to build out your domain library better and blah blah blah. Okay? And so now for each project on each specific task, you need to give an in-depth domain library on how to write good ads, hooks, copyrightiting frameworks, etc. I'm going to walk you through how we do this all. So to put that all together, you're going to use Cloud. On Cloud, you're going to have a proper project setup. On each project you're have specific instructions. Each project now with specific instructions is made for each specific task. Things like making hooks, CTAs, headlines, etc. Then each one of those projects are going to have a context library which is the knowledge of your brand, product, audience, etc. The more in depth you can give it, the better. And as well as a domain library, which is task specific knowledge for each of these products. Okay. Uh with that being said, let's get into it. So I'm going to walk you through how to set this up. I'm only going to do it with one cuz one, as an example, on my free claude trial for this example video, you can only have one project. And two, it would take me 50 hours to go build out every single one of these, not 50 hours, it would just be more than we need on this YouTube video. And all you need to know is I'm going to do it for ad remix as this example. And you just duplicate this exact process, but for hooks, primary text, CTAs, etc. So once, if you come into your plot clad here, plaude, you come into your cloud here, you have chats, you got project. So here in your projects, you want to create one new project once again per task. In this case, we'll do ad remakes as an example. This is taking your competitor's ads or your top ads to then be able to turn them into new ads with more diversity, discount, new pocket audiences. Okay, this is ad remakes. So we must follow the step by step here. Project setup. We now have one project set up for one specific task being ad remix. Next is we need clear project instructions. So here in the task or sorry in the project and so you can see here, I already put it in here, but here are the project instructions. You click this edit button. Boom. Here you go. Instructions. Provide cloud relevant instructions and information for chats within ad remakes. This will work alongside blah blah blah. So this one I put together is you are a world class response copyriter blah blah blah. Your task is to rewrite existing high performing ads preserving the exact script structure while making improvements or variations blah blah blah. Now did I come up with this? I use prompt cowboy. So your pro tip here and we'll do this together for ad remakes is come to prompt cowboy which is a tool to improve your prompts. You give it a lazy prompt. It'll make you a better prompt um to go ahead and put into the project instructions. Now, a pro tip. I use a tool called Wistia. So, I'm going to click one button, start talking. It'll transcript my voice perfectly um for this textbook here. So, for example, I'm creating a project instructions on Claude for a project about ad remakes. I need you to give me a great prompt that helps create new versions of my existing winning ads and comp and competitor winning ads and turn these into new versions of ads with new hooks and overall new script that will help me achieve more creative diversity in my ad account by creating new variations of it. Whether that be avatars, hooks, copy, um CTAs, the offer, um the language I'm using, etc. to help expand winning ads from one existing winning ad to multiple winning ads. There you go. I let go of the button. There you go. It puts it in. I send it. Now, Prompt Cowboy is going to turn this into a great prompt for project instruction that we can then put in. There's my lazy prompt. And you can see it now creates a great prompt for project instructions. Situation. You are managing an advertising account. Need to expand your creative diversity by generating multiple variations of successful advertisements. Blah blah blah. Task, objective, knowledge, hooks, copy, CTAs. Once again, you get more specific with your lazy prompt to improve this further. But for this video, without spending too much time on it, we will copy this great prompt and project instructions. We'll come here, hit edit. Now, paste in our project instructions for the project. Save. And now, once again, every single time we create a new chat in this cloud project, it's going to follow these instructions and know exactly what to do. This is why the difference is when you just give prompts, there's no clear instructions. Now you're able to just give prompts and it will know exactly what the task is at hand every single chat you make which will increase the output. Now we once again we have to get to the context libraries and domain library to further improve the knowledge it has every single time it runs a task to improve the output. So next is the context library which once again is a big PDF of all the context AI will need about the brand product etc. For this I like to go to chat GPT and use deep research. So we're going to create a deep research mode. Once again, I'm going to start talking and let's pretend we're selling a a sleep supplement. Why not? Um, hi chat. I sell a sleep supplement on my Shopify store and I need you to create a context library giving me all information I need to upload to a claude project for ad remakes. Include everything you can like customer avatars, their behavior, who they are, what they look like, the language they use, the top problems in the niche, uh the main benefits, main features, etc. Give this to me in a full context library that I can then export as a PDF to my claude project. Now, once again, that's going to put that there. I'm going to send it. It's going to do its deep research, and then we'll get back when it comes with the final um product. We're then going to turn that into a full context library. It's going to ask me a couple questions uh to share to give a bit more context. So, I'm going to share that and I'll come back with you when it has the full uh breakdown. Okay. So, now that we have our context library, same thing we need to do now with the domain library. We're going to use chat GPT once again for the sake of this video so it doesn't take forever. I'm not going to do a deep research prompt, but I recommend you do a deep research prompt and add in any other resources that you need that will improve it further. So, for example, we're talking about ad remakes is the project we're doing. So, I need it to create a big domain library of all the information it would need to create great ad remakes. So, for example, let's start prompting it and see what comes up with. Hi chat, I need to create a domain library for a claude project to have task specific knowledge around remaking ads to improve creative diversity in our ad account. I need you to include all core direct response principles like Eugene Schwarz, how to make great ads, how to create great hooks, great CTAs, how to um use the stages of awareness in our ad properly with one clear message and one clear promise throughout the ad. I need you to include how to write great benefits and feature points throughout our main ads as well as great CTAs. Essentially, I need every thing that you know about if you were an direct response marketing expert on how to create great ad remakes. Please give this to me in a final domain context PDF that I could upload to the Cloud Project. Once again, you'd want to spend more time and make this a bit better with a deep research prompt just to save time. There's a normal prompt and me just kind of spitting random stuff through my mouth. And then you want to pair this with any knowledge you have specifically um about the domain yourself or from other experts in the niche, etc. Okay, it's now going to give me the full domain library content that I would then upload to the cloud project as well, which once again I'll show you when we get to the final answer here. So, it gave me this massive output here. Now, this is once again for some madeup product, sleepy time pill, a melatonin pill. You can see it gives me a product overview, customer avatar, very detailed, lots of the main customer avatars, goes into top problems in this sleep niche, main benefits of it, main features, blah blah blah. You get the point. It's a huge huge huge um answer here for all the context it needs. And once again, you would add all of your customer reviews, customer comments, trust pilot reviews, whatever it is that you have on top of this to build out a big um and even more detailed than this context library to give to the cloud project. So I just asked it down here for whatever reason this issues, but to give me the PDF and I already downloaded it. So now we have the PDF and now once again back to the domain library giving it the prompt to give us the most specific knowledge possible. And once again, just to save time in this video, I did a normal prompt, but what you'd want to do is do a full deep research prompt. And then ideally, once again, use prompt cowboy, the tool that we went over earlier, to give you an even better prompt to get a better response from this. And add any other external resources that you need, YouTube videos, tweets that you know well that you could also add to this per specific task within this is add remakes. So my prompt was, you know, hi chat need to create a domain library for a cloud cloud project to have task specific knowledge on remaking ads to improve creative diversity in our ad account. I need you to include all core direct response direct response principles, sorry, like how to create good hooks, blah blah blah. You get the point. How to make great CTAs and put this into one final domain context library specifically for ad remakes. Ask me some questions. I answered and it gave us the PDF. So, now let's go upload those into cloud. Okay, so now we're back into our ad remake cla project. Now, we have the set instructions. We're going to hit here, add files, and we're simply going to add in our context library and then our domain library. And so now you see we have these two PDFs, the context library and domain library specifically on ad remakes for direct response and the specific instructions. Now we have our task project set up for ad remakes. Right? We now have the proper project set up with clear project instructions, an in-depth contact library and domain library. Once again on your own time, spend a lot more time on these. The more detailed you make them with the more information, the better your output will be. But now we can come in here and just start prompting. Okay, we can just start prompting. give existing ads and it'll remake an ad with all the context that we need specifically. So, let's go do an example. Okay, so here I am in foreplay. I'm just going over searching sleep pill as an example. Let's just pretend that this ad right here for this sleep product is a competitor's winning ad that we want to take to then remake for that ad using all the information we have in that cloud project. All I'm going to do is come and download the transcript which in foreplay or whatever tool we use should be able to do it. I'm going hit copy transcript. Now that we have that, we can go to the cloud project and start prompting. And once again, now our prompts don't have to be anything crazy because of the instructions and the files that we have. So, I'm going to say, "Hi, I need you to remake this ad for my specific brand following the instructions and files that you have in the project. Please create a new version of this that will be a winning video ad on Facebook. That will help me diversify my ad account." Right here is the transcript. There you go. We'll paste that in there. And there you go. It'll start getting to work using all the instructions and the context and domain library etc. Right? It's going to go ahead and create me seven. I even asked for I'm going to go create me seven and once again specifically for our main avatars mark avatar that actually gave us in our research previously with all the deep research context library domain library etc. Right? So this is variation one the professional breakthrough which once again is one of the avatars from the domain library sorry context library. After 3 years of 2 a.m. email sessions trolling myself I finally found something that actually works. Look, I'm not usually the guy who recommends supplements, but blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Right now, without scenario, reading the whole script, you could see that if you look at the original script here and look at the output, it's actually really decent. And the main important thing here is now we have variation one and variation two for two different main avatars from the context library, right? Each with specific clicks and CTAs specific to the stage of awareness and avatar that's going for. And this is how we use AI for the full process to actually create winning Facebook ads that can scale. Now, listen. I know that everything I just walked you through is incredibly useful to start creating winning video ads with AI. But here's the reality. Video ads are just one piece of the puzzle. There are so many other critical parts of your business, from your funnel to hiring to your offer to retention, and the list goes on and on. And the fact of it is that if they're missing, it's going to be very difficult to scale even if you have the best AI process in the entire e-commerce industry. And that's why once again, we're giving away a couple of these free scale plan audit calls. I don't want to turn this into a hard pitch. It's a completely free call where we dive into your brand and give you a 30-day road map that you can start taking action on as soon as the call ends. We just want to give a thank you and provide value for making it to the end of this video because it tells us that you're actually serious about scaling. Our promise is we will not pitch you on the call. We will just give you value. If you want to learn more about how you can work with me oneonone to then implement that plan over the next 30, 60, 90 days to scale to the next level, you let us know. If not, we will not hard sell you. It's not a hard sales call. We just want to provide value and give you your 30-day plan. So, if you're interested in taking action and getting that help for free, click the link in the description below. It's first come, first serve. I'm not too sure how many spots are left to be completely frank with you. So, click the link. If there spots, great. If not, I'm sorry. Check again next video. With that being said, I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you actually take action on it. And I hope you put in place a lot of these AI processes and train your teams on them. That way, you could take action and scale with some winning video ads on Facebook. And I will see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Princeecommerce [9 likes]: bro the title should be how to write scripts using CLAUDE
  2. @ecommmoose [3 likes]: Giving away the sauce 🔥🤫
  3. @saamirmotivates [1 likes]: Finally that video I was looking for
  4. @TimpanoDante: If you're doing $30k/mo, $100k/mo, or even $500k/mo and want to turn your store into a 8-figure brand...

We do a limited number of free 1:1 Scale Audit Calls every month. It's first come, first serve. (no pitch — just giving value + clear next steps for your brand): https://calendly.com/d/cv7r-dff-9rb?video=K8TrE5pQP5w

If you're still unsure - This 5min breakdown on how it works, what to expect, & why we do these calls for free: https://www.nobsecom.online/scaling-training?video=K8TrE5pQP5w
  5. @xdsuperior2447: what is the difference between Instructions and Domain library?? i am so confused. 😢
  6. @montyecom: Amazing video bro thanks!
  7. @YvesAds-i8v: pure sauce
  8. @yesitstkm: Can you not do this with custom GPTs?
  9. @KristianKorallus: You have 3 projects to write 1 script? your hook, body and CTA all from different projects?
  10. @SubliminalYT: banger 🔥
  11. @joelgarx: Great video Dante! What’s the name of the tool you mentioned that transcribes audio into text? Did you say it’s called Wistia?
  12. @dwagnerr2: is it neessary to use claude? or can i just do everything inside chatgpt cause ik it also has ap roject function (or is the copywriting level rly that much ebtter on claude)
  13. @sandraortiz8000: ❤ gracias
  14. @TheShelfStories: Can you make a video about how to test your meta ads after Andromeda update?
  15. @gamingwithrazer2344: Scaled to 40k/ month on meta. Successfully was able to scale spending 1k per day with 2-3 ROAS but since this andromeda update some days are just crazy slow. From 3 ROAS to 1.1 ROAS. How to manage this andromeda update? I have 1 Campaign 1 Adset with 30+ Ads
  16. @felipe.hernan: super great, i just did a bunch of videos this way lets test it out
  17. @mr.dontgetclapped9251: Thank you Dante!

Wondering has your hit rate improved now because of this? 

I’m having a lot of trouble getting concepts to spend due to the new algorithm update. 

Any thoughts on this? Thank you!
  18. @Martin-zq4fq: just sended this video to my video editor hahahah
  19. @abdirahmanali8127: Your going to help me get to a 1m/month I promise you
  20. @muhammadsheriyar-p4o: I was looking for it and open yt and your video comes haha right time to appear

- I Made 50,000 Ads | These are the Money Makers: Kind: captions Language: en After working with over 150 brands, names like True Classic, Hexclad, Portland Leather Goods, I can tell you with absolute confidence the brands that are winning and scaling right now are not doing it off of their media buying tactics. They're winning because somewhere along the way they found a creative format that moved people. And more importantly, they figured out why. I'm Sarah Levenger, I'm a creative strategist and I help D2C brands improve their ad performance using consumer psychology. In this video, I'm going to walk you through the ad formats that [music] have consistently generated the highest return across every brand I've worked with. And I'm going to teach you the psychology underneath them. The standard playbook in D2C, especially in e-comm, is launch, measure, kill, repeat. That playbook is leaving so much money on the table it's almost painful to watch. Here's the thing about this. Performance metrics are never going to tell you why something worked. They're just going to tell you that it did. That kind of big knowledge gap between this ad performed, this is the psychological mechanism that made it perform, that's where most brands have a giant education gap. Not because they're doing anything wrong, really, but because nobody ever showed us how to do it. So, we're killing our ad formats way too early because we don't even recognize what's working beneath it. We're scaling the wrong elements. We're trying to go after the hook or the headline. Maybe we're trying to get the same visual, the same offer, the same creator. When the real driver was something entirely different. I had a client come to me last year with a high-performing ad that they've already kind of shelved, which was kind of surprising. Had a great hook rate, had a really good CPA on it, but they couldn't figure out why it was working. So, they just did what most brands do. They tried to iterate it to death. When it didn't work, they just shoved a bunch of ad spend at this one ad and went on to other ones. Listen, I don't blame them. Nobody's ever taught you how to read an ad through a psychology kind of a lens. And of course you're going to kind of just default to like chunking spend at it and calling it a day. But when we pulled it back up and I looked at it carefully, it became really obvious what they were doing. The ad was triggering this really specific identity mechanism for their customers. And they had a whole untapped audience segment that they could have been scaling in the same kind of format. We brought it back and it became one of their top performers for the next 6 months. And this is kind of this knowledge gap that I'm talking about. And I want to close it for you in the next 10 minutes. Before we walk through these formats, here's this kind of point of view that I want you to use from now on. A format only becomes a money maker when three things line up. Number one, it matches the customer's psychological state at that exact moment. Number two, it reduces friction in the decision-making process. And number three, it carries the right kind of emotional certainty. There's a lot of confidence in it, right? There's this feeling of like, "Oh, thank god I finally found something that's going to help me with this." Kind of a distinction here, very, very important. There's a very big difference between a format that performs once and a format that will scale again and again and again. A format that only performs one time usually gets caught up in a moment, right? It's a trend. It's a meme ad. It's something that just came and went really fast. Formats that actually scale are tapping into something stable in human psychology. There's a consistent behavioral pattern that shows up across audiences, across products, across years, and often across generations. This is what makes them worth working on. And once you can tell the difference here, you can stop chasing those trends and just start building a library of all these psychological mechanisms that you know work for your customer. Okay, so let's go through these five formats. They're super fun. These are the ones that I see win over and over and over. Honestly, these are the ones that I try and apply to the brands that I work with up front just so that I can test and see which one of these is going to work for our audience. So, this first one here is the before the problem had a name ad, and I've run these in a couple different accounts and they work so incredibly well. This is the ad that names the feeling your customer's been having for years, never had the words for. If you're this person and you struggle with this kind of a problem of like, "I just feel awkward." Or like, "Maybe I just suffer from anxiety." Or like, maybe there's just something I can't quite name, but I'm constantly uncomfortable when I'm like out and about around people. This is the type of ad you want to run because people will see this and respond with, "Oh my god, that's me. And that's exactly what this ad does. The psychology underneath here is just recognition. Someone sees kind of this unspoken experience reflected back at them. Brand is going to treat it as proof that you understand them. Understanding is the shortest path to building trust. Brands that nail this format aren't really selling the product first. They're just selling the relief to be seen. The product is kind of secondary. So, if you've been writing copy that leads with product a lot, this is your permission to stop doing that and try some of these. Format number two is also one of my favorites. This is the social mirror. This is the ad that kind of shows your customer a version of themselves that they want to become. Now, before you go out and run a ton of these style of ads, I want to make the distinction that this is not aspirational, it's attainable. I want you to go after a believable version of themselves. This was one of the very first style of ads that I ran and this one actually ran back in 2024. And this one I specifically ran because it's a skin care ad. We hear a lot of very big claims in this type of industry and it's something that's very difficult to break out. If [music] you can't get attention, it's hard to get people to buy. This one we started with just one teeny tiny little thing. An aspirational thing, yes, but an attainable thing that this customer type [music] wanted. Switching your skin care is something that happens very often in this industry. You're constantly trying new products, testing things on your skin, trying to see what's going to work. That's something you don't want to do anymore. That's aspirational. You aspire to stop doing something. This is also common in the psychology of humans. In general, this version is only maybe two steps ahead of where this person is. Stop switching comes with buying this product, seeing that you don't need to switch anymore. The mechanism in this ad is actually identity alignment. This is the one that most brands kind of get a little bit wrong cuz nobody told them where the line is. Humans don't buy products, [music] they buy proof of who they are or who they are becoming. When the ad reflects that kind of next step identity back at them, this purchase kind of stops being transactional and just becomes a part of who they're trying to be. The mistake I see all the time with this type of ad is is being too aspirational too quickly. There's a big gap between current me and ad me. If that gap is too wide, the customer's going to reject this entirely, so it has to be reachable. Very important for this type of ad. Format number three is the reframe ad, and this one is one of my favorites cuz you can do so many interesting things with this type of ad. This is the ad that kind of takes something that the customer thinks they know and flips it upside down. This one in particular, he put up the tent but you brought the flask. If you're the type of person that like your husband or partner, whoever they are, really loves to camp and you really love to just show up at the camp, this is a great way to kind of reframe how you're actually interacting and what you're actually bringing to the table during this experience. These are always so interesting because the psychology is really just belief updating. If you believe that like, "Ugh, I feel bad cuz he always brings all of the stuff and like I just kind of sit there and wait." This is a good way to reframe your contribution. The brain kind of has to stop and recalculate a little bit when these type of familiar ideas get challenged in a way, especially if it's credible. That [music] teeny tiny moment of like, "Oh, wait, really? I'm actually doing something? This is great." Now you have their full attention. [music] If you've been competing in a very saturated category and you feel like everything sounds the same, this is the format I want you to use. The reframe is what makes you stop sounding like everybody else, and it really is the difference between adding to all that noise in your industry and cutting straight through [music] it. So, take something that your customer believes and flip it upside down. Format number four is the specificity ad, and this one in particular is supposed to get kind of weirdly almost uncomfortably specific. This is really interesting, this ad that I ran a couple years ago. The gift that says, "I cherish who you were and who you're becoming." That's a very distinct thought process for this particular customer type, especially if you're the type of person that's looking for a highly sentimental gift. This is really important when you start to run these ads cuz the specificity itself is actually doing a lot of the work. This is a thought that only a few types of people would probably have, but there's millions of people in that type of person [music] that might buy this gift. And this seems kind of obvious, but I think it's worth saying out loud. Vague claims feel like marketing. Specific claims feel true, though. Even when the underlying truth is identical here, the brain is going to process them entirely differently. There's a lot of research on this. Round numbers [music] feel very much made up. Odd numbers feel very much measured, right? Which is the reason why if you're going to put a number in your ad, try really hard to make it something that's not super rounded. If you're also going to go for specificity in your ad, try and go for hyper-specific moments over just [music] generalized this is the best gift kind of a thing. For number five, also one of my favorites, also one of the easiest ones to make, is the earned confidence ad. This is the ad where as a brand you're not really trying to like beg people to believe you anymore. They've already done the emotional work, right? They like you, they like your ads, they like your organic. You're just showing them receipts. This is where I want you to use third-party validation, real customer footage, proof that doesn't feel like it's produced, but the psychology underneath is just justified confidence. Like you know your product's the best. You know that there's nothing that could compare to what you have, so you're brave enough to show what makes you worth it. For this particular ad, I actually ran this last year sometime, and overall in this particular industry, prices are all kind of pretty comparable with a few outliers, but for the most part, if you're selling any sort of golf glove, you kind of have to justify what it is that makes your price higher or lower than everybody else. Putting it on the ad in a confident pretty big bold spot, just look like a pro for just this amount. Pretty confident for us to put this on here and not have to make a bunch of claims below it to back it up. This is what I wish somebody would told me earlier on in my career. Customers can smell unearned [music] ego a mile away. It triggers skepticism when you over-proof. So, when brands try and act confident just by putting crap tons of social proof on their ads, it can actually hurt you in the long run. The tell on these type of ads is very distinct. So, I can tell when we have this style of confident ad, cuz it's all about the tone. It's not loud, it's not desperate, [music] it's very calm, it's very grounded, and it acts like the customer's already decided to purchase [music] from you, which psychologically nudges them to buy. Okay, so how do you actually use this for your specific brand and the ads that you're going to be producing this week? There's a three-step audit that I run just internally with myself for every client that comes on board. Number one, I want you to pull up your top 10 performing ads in the last 12 months. Kind of important here. I don't want you to pull the ones that are top ads by spend. [music] I want you to pull by efficiency. We're looking at CPAs, CPMs. I want you to look at ads that punched above their weight in an efficiency way, not just because they happen to pull the most spend. This alone is going to change like which ads you look at, obviously. Most teams are going to audit their highest spend ads and then just be like, "We did a great job." This is not the same list, right? So, pull the top ads from an efficiency standpoint. Mostly because this is going to tell you a lot about what people resonate with and especially what they are interested in enough to buy. Step number two, for each one of these I want you to ask three questions [music] here. Number one, which of the five formats is this closest to? Number two, which psychological mechanism was it triggering? And number three, what was the customer's mental [music] state when this ad most likely hit? Step number three here is to find the gaps. So, which formats are missing from your library entirely? Which [music] psychological stages are you not speaking to? This is going to become your next brief, right? This is what you're going to be able to build off of as you're working through your creative strategy for this week. And it's not just like we need more content. It's maybe we need to be a little bit more specific on things. Maybe we need to show them that there's only one step for them to do, not 50. Maybe we need to like reframe things entirely. Maybe we just need to go and be a little bit more confident about how we are presenting things. When I do this with brands, the gap is usually pretty obvious within about 20 minutes. Usually these brands have about four ads that all do the same psychological thing. Maybe they're all using this style of like [music] specificity, or they're using way too much reframing or whatever it is. Doesn't mean it necessarily mean it's a bad thing, but you want to have a good mix of all of these so that you can start to generate better results over time with different types of [music] audiences, right? This is not a content problem, it's a systems problem, and it's a system that you can build once you know what [music] you're looking at. So, here's what I want you to take away from this. I think the formats that we just walked through, these are not trends, obviously. They're not going to disappear in 6 months. They work because they're built around something that doesn't change, [music] how people actually make decisions. Once you've got this point of view, and once you can name what's happening underneath your ads, you can start building a library of these that [music] you can copy and scale and come back to over and over again. Not because you got lucky, but because you actually understand why this works. This is the difference between a brand [music] that finds a winning ad and a brand that builds a winning creative system. Do you want to see how I do this in real time? I would love to see you inside my school community, the Tether Lab. This is just the place if you want to think like a psychologist and market [music] like a strategist. I host weekly calls, share my best resources, break down what's actually working in ads right now. The link is in in the description, or you can scan the QR code on the screen, and I'll see [music] you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ahmedadly [7 likes]: Superb free lessons in this video 
- performance metrics won't tell you why it worked.
- ad was triggering the identity mechanism with customers. 

a format only work when:
- it mach customer physchological state at that moment
- it reduce friction in the decision process
- it carries the right emotional certainty 

Thank you Sarah
  2. @unperfekt-saysorry [2 likes]: Your are just fantastic
  3. @WorkModedtc [1 likes]: 🔥🔥
  4. @petdogshub [1 likes]: Two spelling mistake in your slides, was this on purpose or you didn't double check the AI?
  5. @TELOTENGOCOMPANYCO [1 likes]: Hi Sarah, have you only worked with brands whose products offer a functional solution?

In my case, I sell watches—and this specific type of product offers an aspirational solution tied to a human desire, whether that be status, acceptance, or power.

I still haven't found a single static ad that actually works for me.
  6. @jomboto [1 likes]: There's some interesting books. I've never seen any of those books before. If you could just read one of those books, what would you recommend?
  7. @I_am_DavidK [1 likes]: Love that! 'Humans don't buy products. They buy proof of who they are, or who they are becoming.' I feel like you don't gatekeep when you make these videos. I'm excited to join Tether Lab in the near future.
  8. @WSF1738 [1 likes]: One of the best channels I swear hidden gold.
  9. @alexiscorrigan1765 [1 likes]: Great video .
  10. @LuccaCH-x5n: Ecom brand owners are salivating at this video
  11. @AlexanderFallaria: Hey Sarah, I was just wondering if you already work with a video editor.
If not, I’d be stoked to collab and cook up something cool with you.
What do you think?
  12. @mirceacibric: So 50k ads over 18 years in marketing based on LinkedIn. It's like making 7 ads per day over 18 years continuously....
You are either lying for attention, or there is a mistake.
  13. @DampzyDusky: such good content! it mirrors my experience on BongaCams so well. time to get back to the grind and reach my goals! 👊
  14. @jerichotrumpetJu87: I'm not from the US but in my country every ad seems the same to me these days. Women being presented as smart and competent whilst men are portrayed as idiots. The only reaction I have is to make a mental note never to buy that product.

- How to Write Winning Meta Ad Scripts ($300M Spent): Kind: captions Language: en every gray ad starts with a gray script it sounds cliche right but when you've written ads that have spent over 300 million in ad spend you start to notice a pattern at fragle we've helped over 200 dtoc Brands scale with this one simple framework that I'm going to show you today whether you're a brand owner tired of wasting money on ads or you're a Creator just looking to up your game this video is for you and no it doesn't involve any magic or any Voodoo it's just a simple formula that is tried and tested so let's get into it so let's start with this one that we made for leaf razor okay straight off the B actively bad for your skin it's the most insane hook you've ever seen and that's the most important part about a hook right you need to capture attention but most importantly you need to capture the right attention this girl is covered in shaving foam it's bound to stop the scroll however while she's dancing covered in shaving foam she's also saying I'm so done with plastic so done with plastic razors so not only are we grabbing attention visually but with the audio we're further targeting the viewer and that is the first step in this proven structure are actively bad for your skin let me explain and then after that we head into the main portion of the video which is setting up the villain no I'm not talking about an evil Overlord instead I'm talking about the industry or a product or more importantly probably your competitor you want to make it look like they are the villain in this movie and you are the hero you are the one which is fighting for a better life multi blades are a fairly recent invention they were developed to be a cheap easily produced alternative to traditional shaving product we saying so many things here which people hate to hear these were designed as a cheap alternative no one wants to use a cheap alternative we're basically making the list of the reasons why you should hate razor companies as long as your arm you want to really dig in here because you are making the pain Point more of a pain Point essentially your goal here is to get the customer to relate to the problems that you are displaying prodcts and for a while this was fine but then shaving companies got greedy now this is the big pot where we really twist in the knife shaving companies got greedy why make good money selling razors at work when you can make all the money through propretary razor cartridges that cost more than the razor itself to buy have you noticed that we are what with 20 seconds into the video and we're still yet to actually show you what we're advertising instead we're continuing twisting the knife and presenting the villain as the worst possible thing on the planet and there's no way that you should be using this and so razor blades got more expensive as the Shavers themselves got cheaper to make and moved to a more disposable model this all resulted in waste lots and lots of plastic waste and now if the problem isn't already a problem we're presenting another problem which is caused by the villain which in this case is plastic waste nobody wants single used Plastics in their life and so we know that and we're getting them again with another pain point this is where Leaf comes in their razor and now we are presenting the product at 40 seconds 40 seconds have gone by and we hadn't even spoken about the product but we know that we're going to hold them because what we talk talking about is so relatable now this is what we like to call revealing the hero we' talked about the villain we've talked about how much they suck now we're talking about the hero and how great they are and most importantly now we start to discuss how the hero is fixing all the problems that the villain made your product is Luke Skywalker the villain is Darth frustration we'll go with that bring It All Back to Basics back when shaving wasn't disposable the leaf Razer is all metal zero plastic and holds up to three non-proprietary metal razor blades and look and then all we're doing is we're listing the USPS we're listing why this product is better than the villains version this is essentially just a pitch for your product and how great it is but because we've already lined them up previously and we've prepared them for this section the audience often sticks around for longer during these pieces because well they want to find out what the solution is they want to see the payoff translation when you shave with the leaf Razer nothing is being wasted you can recycle the blades once you're done and the shaver itself will last you a lifetime with the proper care but you say that's all very good but eco-friendly products don't actually work now this is a big po we noticed in our research that a lot of people don't trust eco-friendly products they often think that they're just a more expensive version of the cheaper one and so we come back on the objection because we want people to go away from this video completely set on buying a leaf Razer actually it's the opposite at least with Leaf shave the Leaf's weighted head pivots in such a way that it Glides instead of drags so you know those legs of yours imagine this going over them and now most importantly we're showing demo footage we're showing the products in use to further sell your hero rather than this and you just have one or two razors loaded if you have sensitive skin so it's giving you full control over your body shave so say goodbye to Burns bumps and ingr with the leaf Razer hit the link below and get shaving now if we wanted to take this another step forward we could integrate some social proof here we could say that there's 10,000 happy Shavers already using the leaf Razer that could be a great variation that we could add in we didn't do it in this video however I think we should we should probably test that and then you'll notice the one thing that we end with there is a CTA we directly tell the customer to go and do something after they have viewed the video and that concludes the framework this framework right here that you've see we're hooking the viewer we're presenting the villain we're saying how bad they are we present the hero which is trying to defeat the villain and then we have some social proof we twist the knife a little bit and then we have a CTA that there is your killer framework that can be recycled through every single video that you make and let me prove it with some other examples this is a video here we did for a soap brand called the black stuff pay attention because you'll notice some some similarities there's a secret that in every bar of soap you you been using you now curiosity everyone wants to press the red button in this case everyone wants to find out what the secret is that is hidden in every bar of soap so we hook them to get them to keep watching there's a secret hidden in every bar of soap you've been using you've tried countless bars each promising softness moisture gentleness yet nothing changes your skin is dry irritated constantly itching and now in this video instead of you know saying an industry is the villain we're saying the traditional hope is the villain we're saying it leaves your skin itchy and dry and irritated it becomes undeniable the issue isn't you it's the chemicals the artificial scents the ingredients that never belonged anywhere near your skin most soaps aren't made with your skin in mind they're made to last longer on shelves to foam up just right and to make you feel clean even though you're not actually cleaning your skin you're stripping it the black stuff shifts the focus and then once we've Twisted the knife enough and we've shown the villain we are showing the hero the black stuff the soap that is better than any other soap Luke soap Walker that kind of works I'm sticking with that one no chemicals no artificial sense now this is all footage that we've shot in house look how cool that is like it's like a cool probe shot thing that we did because we want to show the product as the hero and one of the best ways to do that is to show it in the most epic ways you'll notice that there's like a clear difference look how he showing these minging bars of soap and then now we're showing ready now we're showing the black stuff with how cool it looks can you see what we're doing there it's very subtle but it really helps present the products hand activated charcoal draws out the bad stuff while natural oils hydrate your skin with a variety of sense each one designed to awaken your senses you'll discover the one that resonates with you just real soap made the way soap should be for your skin upgrade your soap switch to the black stuff and then we're giving them a CTA at the end super simple Le but still following those same Frameworks that we laid out in the last example we're presenting the villain saying how bad they are showing the hero and how they're out to fix everything and then giving you a CTA and to prove it one more time let me show you another example I personally really love this example this is for a chai company that we work with and you will see that we present the villain like straight away it is part of the hook essentially the internet is full of cheap hacks to help you sleep but here's something you first of all I absolutely love that effect we're cycling through sleep hack on the internet alone to show you how often it's spoken about on the internet and in this the internet is the villain and those viral sleep hacks that you always hear about and the hero is a good cup of chai the internet is full of cheap hacks to help you sleep but here's something you probably haven't tried a cup of chai not the sugary coffee shop version in fact we have a little bonus villain in this which is cheap coffee shop chai because a lot of people think that that's What Chai is but that isn't What Chai is and so what we're doing is we're hooking them in with a villain the internet and then we're saying hey what about this and we're teasing them with giving them the carrot in front of their head right we're getting them to chase us and then we're saying oh but there's another villain as well because that chai that we spoke about before is probably not the one that you're thinking about can you see there's layers to this it's like Shrek chai the way it's meant to be made because chai isn't just a drink it's a ritual and when done right it can actually help you sleep here's why the handm spices in chai and now we're explaining Why Chai is a sleep pack we're explaining the video for them we lined it up at first and now this is the payoff cardamom cinnamon Ginger aren't just for flavor they have naturally sedative properties that calm your nervous system and help your body unwind a warm drink before bed scientifically proven to signal to your brain that it's time to rest and because our decaf Masala chai has zero caffeine you get all the Comfort none of the late night Jitters no sugar no complicated recipes just a smooth spice chai one thing that is so important about these videos that you need to understand is that if you're hooking a customer in a potential customer in you're showing them a villain you need to have a good enough payoff just showing your product and then telling them to go buy it often isn't enough and so you need to show all these USPS and you need to explain why your product is the solution that's one thing that I see so many people do wrong when they try and make this type of ad is that the payoff just isn't worth it so there you have it the million dooll villain and hero script framework that we use all the time here at frago in fact we use this exact framework to scale a foot care brand 69% and decreased their CPA by 20% that's unreal all because of this framework if you're a brand that happens to spend over 70,000 every single month on ads then we should probably chat there's a link down below that you can book a call with me and hey if nothing else then you'll be able to write some fantastic scripts for your future ads subscribe if you want to see some more insights on how to scale your e-commerce brand fire the power of creative and I'll see you in the next one bye-bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @JacksonRosenbaum [5 likes]: Brother this is the video I've been looking for! Straight up giving you the rundown on what makes a good ad. Most videos litterly leave me questioning at the end if I actually know how to set up my ads. This made it obviously: hook, call out industry problem, show why your products the hero, handle objections on your product, CTA. Love this!
  2. @Joe_Edits [4 likes]: Great editing! Also love the shaving foam hook 😂
  3. @emiliotrevino807 [2 likes]: good sauce, man. Actually would be pretty nice if you show how long this ads have been running
  4. @jeremiahjones6912 [1 likes]: This is a great video. What about products that don't have a "villain" or problem they are solving. For instance, my product is jewelry and it's meant to be fun and fashionable. It doesn't necessarily solve a problem or have a "villain". So how can we use hook psychology in a situation like this?
  5. @podcast_Video_Editor [1 likes]: Loved it bro❤❤
  6. @amirsouguir7102 [1 likes]: Pure sauce 😮
  7. @ItsJoshHedges [1 likes]: Luke Soapwalker is actually my legal name, so no, you can not stick with that my friend.
  8. @AyuRahmawati-m8u: how to create the script on gdocs? how to syncronise the visuals and editings?
  9. @RenzoRiccetti: gold
  10. @molkasghaier8770: listen i love you but why dont u just say that this razor brand is basically a copy of the mens version brand i forgot its name and the soap bar is a uk version of dr squatch (and the creative strategy is basically swiping the other brands..)
  11. @NoctyraHQ: amazing video, looking forward to test out this method on my ads.
  12. @KashafMobeen-d1e5h: now i actually want to buy this product too good
  13. @popmotif2909: Great content as always Fraser. Do you have any videos on creating UGC specific scripts?
  14. @Ensar.Arslan: I'm really curious about this, Are you editing these videos? OR are you indicating the scenes that the editor should include in the script section?
  15. @Nahmannahman420: yo awesome video, learned a lot!
is it possible for you to link us to the Leaf razor ad? I want to show my ugc creator the concept, I sell supplements
  16. @Nahmannahman420: 10X better than nick Theriot, hate that guy
  17. @LoveSroOnline: Hey man, great video! Quick question, in the shaving ad you showed, they start with “plastic razors are expensive and bad for the environment,” then switch to burns, bumps, and ingrowns. From what I’ve studied, each of these pain points usually belongs to a different avatar/persona. Wouldn’t it be more effective to separate them into different ads/angles instead of mixing everything and broadening the audience too much?
  18. @therobkennedy: These ads look awesome! Nice work. 

All sounds good in theory - question is did they spend much on meta?
  19. @firlex_1891: the editing is good. I want to work with cpg and dtc brands but I dont know how. any tips you can help me with fraser?

- Meta Ads Creative Strategy in 2026: The Full System: Kind: captions Language: en In 2026 and 2027, creative is the lever that sits within meta ads. Media buying fundamentally is not your advantage right now. You need to become credibly good at creative strategy, at creative design, production, then moving that into the ad account and analyzing the creative to create this flywheel effect. By the end of this video, you'll know everything you need to know about creative for 2026. We're going to be running through why creative is the growth lever, how Meta's algorithm actually works in 2026, concept architecture, hook strategies that actually scale, all the formats you can use and test, a testing framework to take that creative and actually put it into the account to get statistically relevant results. We're then going to move into creative volume, creative diversity, and a financial model that ties it all together. We're going to talk about fatigue, scaling winners, portfolio management, creative production. So, what did the teams, the briefing, and the process look like? And then lastly, we'll tie all of it together and package it into the 2026 playbook. So, with that being said, diving into section number one, we have why creative is the growth lever. I've been media buying on Facebook since 2018. So, I've been about eight coming up on 9 years in the Meta Ads Manager. And I remember back in 2018, 2019, 2020, there was so much leverage in media buying. You actually didn't need to be very good at creative. And as long as you had a massive edge on media buying, you could beat a lot of people. And the reason for that is that there was a massive skill gap. In fact, I would argue that any arbitrage opportunity that exists within a market is a product of the skill gap that exists at that point in time. So back then, the difference between someone that just goes and opens up the ad manager and someone that is a super advanced media buyer that spends 12 hours a day doing this and they're 3 years in, there is such an enormous difference that that difference allows for arbitrage and allowed for the opportunity. Now over time, Meta has slowly compressed media buying. The targeting is now fully automated. I would recommend 99% of people are just running broadly, so there's no skill within interest targeting. Andromeda now optimizes for the distribution of the creative. Consolidation is always favored across all of these digital platforms now because conversion data consolidates which allows for better machine learning modeling. And all of the media buying hacks that used to exist like duplicating adsets or using bidding models in a certain way. None of them really work that well anymore. None of them really give you a big arbitrage. And so because of that this arbitrage opportunity has compressed and instead where the big arbitrage opportunity exists right now is in creative. And it is because most people fortunately for you are terrible at creative. And so because of that there is this huge opportunity that if you simply become good at creative strategy at understanding what a good ad looks like and then being able to build a system that can churn out a ton of highquality ads. This is where you now make all the money on meta. And by the end of this video, you should unlock this opportunity. So, the first thing I want you thinking through here is the portfolio model. So, let's say that you have $1,000 a day in ad spend and there is two different scenarios here. Scenario one is you have one single creative that's holding the entire $1,000 per day and you're at a 4x row and then you have another pathway that you could choose. You've got three ads holding $1,000 a day together. And this is also at a 4x rorowaz blended across these three creators. Now, I would rather be in this situation every single day of the week. And the reason being is that this situation decreases risk enormously within the business because any of these three creative can fatigue and the other ones will pick up the slack and you can continue operating at this efficiency, at this ad spend. But over here, if this creative fatigues, you're done. And I say this out of PTSD, working with probably 8 to 10 clients now over the course of the last 6 years who have come to us 40% down yearon-year in new customer acquisition, their business is in a terrible spot, and they're going, "Our business is declining. It's because we built this eight figureure business off three creatives that held a million dollars in ad spend. And now these three creatives are all fatiguing and we're trying to spin up variance and it's kind of keeping us at some reasonable level but we just can't get back to the level and we keep decline. And my response these days is it's too late. We're not taking on that account because you should have fixed that 6 to 8 months ago. What people will do is they will get one or two winning ads that can hold a tremendous amount of ad spend and then what they do is they just stop making more ads and they go like why would we spend money on creative production? That's useless. Let's just double down and put all our ad spend here and then focus on other areas of the business. Yeah, amazing. Until these creatives fatigue and the only reality of creatives in meta ads is that every single creative will fatigue. Every single creative has a maximum spend threshold that it will reach. And so you want to be constantly thinking through creative production, ad account management, and creative through the lens of this portfolio model, which is that we want to get as many ads as possible holding as much spend as possible. We do not want to overlever into one or two ads because this is ultimately what ends up destroying a lot of businesses. Let me give you three common mistakes that most teams are making when it comes to creative. Number one is a lot of people confuse activity for strategy. I'll give you an example of this, which is recently in the last few months, I've seen two ad accounts that are launching 2,000 plus new ads a month, and they're barely able to crack a4 million in ad spend per month. Now, for those that work on large ad accounts, you would know that that is insane. You do not need 2 to 3,000 new ads a month on a4 million budget. That's so much volume. And they weren't profitable. And so you're looking at the fact that they're launching so much volume, they're not profitable, they're doing so much activity, but there's clearly a gap in strategy because if you were putting 2,000 great creative into the account with a good offer, with a good persona, with a good angle, then you shouldn't need anywhere near 2,000 ads a month. And so, yes, I think volume's good. I think you should be launching as many ads as humanly possible, but with a standard of quality and with a strategy behind the creative that is actually going into the account. So, do not mistake activity for strategy. This is really common right now because people think they can just launch more ads and their brand will scale. In fact, I hear this all the time, which is people are like, "Okay, I need to double my business. Do I just launch 40 more ads a month?" I was like, "If it's that simple, everyone would do it." There's a little bit more to just increasing activity. The second one is misdiagnosing bottlenecks. So with increative, there is a ton of different bottlenecks that exist that could be holding you back. It could be the quality of the creative. It could be the format diversification. It could be the quantity that's sitting at the different stages of awareness or the stages of the funnel. So you have nowhere near enough topfunnel assets to produce the scale that you actually want. This might be a bottleneck on not actually introducing partnership ads or employing different strategies into the ad account to unlock more spend. There's so many different bottlenecks that exist just within creative that holds a business back and most people don't understand all the bottlenecks that exist. So they misdiagnose it. They don't realize what the actual bottleneck is. And so then they focus on activity that doesn't actually move the needle. For example, those two brands that I spoke about before, they were not only mistaking activity for strategy, but they were also misdiagnosing the bottleneck in the business, which is that they thought just increasing sheer volume would suddenly unlock growth, but it's not doing anything for them. And it's because they're trying to fix something that actually doesn't need to be fixed. And then the last one, which I hope people are getting over by now, but I still see it from time to time, which is that creative is seen as a cost center rather than a revenue driver. And this is fundamentally because of the shift away from media buying to creative, which is that back in the day when media buying had a lot of arbitrage behind it, you didn't need a lot of creative and a lot of volume of creative. And so because of that, business owners would often see the ad spend in the platform, the spend on Google, the spend on Meta, the spend on Tik Tok, Pinterest, Microsoft as revenue driving, but the actual creative that's used to fuel that spend as a cost center. We want to minimize that cost as much as possible because we just want the platforms to find us customers. But that's the complete wrong way around. The creative is actually what is driving the revenue and Meta and these other platforms are just driving the distribution. Now, the fact that you can actually just post this stuff on organic and get free distribution as well means that creative is also the revenue driver organically. And so, if you're thinking that creative is a cost center, you've got the completely wrong approach. We're going to be diving into later in this video exactly how much spend you should have on creative production respective to your ad spend level. So, you can know if you're currently under or overinvesting in creative. Before diving into creative strategy, you first need to understand how Meta's algorithm works because this is the distribution tool for the assets that you're putting in it. Now, everyone's probably heard the word Andromeda. It's a massive buzz word. I've talked about it in a lot of content. And to put it simply, it's just an algorithm change that Meta made because they had a lot of GPUs for training AI for their metaverse that kind of fell flat. And so, they repurposed all of those training chips towards a better ad serving platform. with that the mechanical shift that you need to be across is that before andrometer and to be honest we weren't even doing this pre-andrometer but it's an easy way to simplify the concept and then I'll go a little bit more nuanced which is that pre-andrometer you would choose the audience so you would say hey here is our interest please target this interest and you would then go and load all the creatives in and so you put creative one creative two maybe you're putting three creatives under this ad set and you're saying here's the interest here's the ads go and match them. Now, post Andromeda, what happened is you actually do the opposite. So, you put the ads into the account and you don't select any targeting and then Meta goes and looks at the creatives and it goes, "Okay, I think that these are going to resonate with these people based on the transcript, based on the words in the ads, based on the copy, based on my understanding of historical conversion data." And then it will go and find the people to target. Now, this is fundamentally a way better system because interest targeting has a lot of downside. Okay? When you're doing interest targeting, you're effectively labeling people with an interest. Let's say pets and then just arbitrarily serving all your creative to people that are interested in pets. But the reality is is that it's not just people interested in pets that want your product. It's probably people that are interested in pets within a specific age range that also have other variables or psychographic data points that are similar between them. And so there's so much additional nuance that needs to be captured and this serving mechanism ends up capturing that nuance better than the old one. Now the reality is is that Meta was kind of already doing this pre-andrometer. We haven't used interest targeting in most accounts for like 2 years. But what Andromeda really did is popularize this new approach to structuring an ad account. And so there were still so many agencies and so many people running interest targeting. It was crazy. Even though we have a video that was put out two years ago about this exact topic on the meta algorithm and this was before Andromeda. So I was explaining this concept before this whole update even rolled out and why we don't use interest targeting. It's called how machine learning works in 2025 on meta ads. But this has popularized this approach and now this is really how you want to be thinking through the asset. Now why this becomes important is because the creative that you loads in that you load in is the targeting. So, if you load a bunch of creative that's all the same, you end up just targeting the same persons. You don't reach new people. If you end up loading a bunch of creative that isn't clearly resonating with a specific target demographic, then it's going to get confused. For example, if you're calling out everyone in your ads, if you're like, "Hey, everyone look at this product." Meta is going to be very confused cuz it's going to go, "What? Should we target the entire population? Is there a subset? Who should we actually go after?" You also need to think through this targeting mechanism at an adset level in terms of structuring because if you just put a bunch of ads together that are all targeting different people under the one adset, the adset will also get confused. Who are we targeting? So there's a lot of additional nuance that we'll break down here when we get into the structure and testing section of this video. But this is fundamentally the key concept that you need to understand here. There's also the creative similarity score that rolled out in meta recently. Now, most people still can't access this in their ad accounts, but if you reach out to your dedicated meta rep, they can get you this score. So, you can have an idea of what your similarity score is in the business. And as it currently works, the higher the number, the worse it is because the more similar your creatives. Now, why this matters so much is because of Andromeda bundling. And so, if you have, as I said before, multiple different creatives here, let's say 1 2 3, but they're all slight variants. Let's say they're the same campaign shoot, but the model's just standing in a slightly different position. Or let's say it's UGC, but maybe there's a slight variation in the script halfway through the video. Or let's say these are actually very different videos in terms of formatting, but they're all speaking to the exact same audience. Well, what ends up happening is Andromeda will bundle them together and serve them all to the same pool of audience. Now, because of this, because they're similar creatives going to the same audience, what happens in the ad account is frequency goes up. So frequency is how many times users are seeing your ads. Obviously, these ads are just going to serve to the same people over and over again. So frequency goes up. Your reach will go down. So you'll stop reaching net new users. And as a function of this, over time, your return on ad spend will go down. And so you'll start seeing diminishing returns in the platform. So instead, the position that you actually want to be in here is launching three creatives into the account, but these three creatives talk to different people and therefore reach their own audiences. And with that frequency declines because you're reaching different people with these ads, it allows you to unlock more spend because as these scale, you can almost think about this circle expanding as it goes to colder and colder audiences. But because these are talking to different people, you can see there's not much audience overlap. And as a function of that, you're going to be able to scale to new audiences effectively without just increasing frequency and seeing efficiency decline. Another incredibly important concept here about how the platform algorithm actually works is in sequencing of creative and the reliability of return on ad spend as you decline through the account structure. So when it comes to sequencing creative, the reality is and I think everyone watching this will agree with this which is that if you just serve one ad to a user once, will they buy? And the answer 99.99% of the time is no. Generally speaking, you need to see an ad more than once to be confident in purchasing. Now, yes, there are some people out there that are getting one hit by ads and suddenly buying. All right, that does happen. In fact, it's probably happened to me at one point in my life, but it's very, very rare and you definitely cannot build an efficient business off of those people. And so, because of that, you need to serve them generally more than one ad. Now, you could serve them this ad again a second time. However, Meta put out a article ages ago. It was like four or five years ago which said that after two impressions of an identical creative probability of purchase declines precipitously. And so if you look at the probability of someone buying, let's say this is a percentage. And then you look at the amount of ads that they are seeing. So this is frequency of an identical ad. So we're talking about the same ad here. You're not showing them different ads, just the same ad. When you show them the ad once, there might be a certain percentage uh chance of them buying. Then when you show them the ad twice, it might be the same. It actually might even be slightly higher because on second viewing now they're warmer and they're more likely to buy. But then on third viewing it declines massively and then on fourth massively and then it pretty much declines to zero. And so there is very little purpose at all in showing a user the same identical ad more than twice. And the way to actually stress test this idea that I'm telling you right now in your own ad account is you can pull your ad account up. You can go down to the ad level, look at the last 30 days, 60 days, and look at frequency at an ad level on cold campaigns. And what you will see is that cold ads almost never have a frequency above a two. And if they do, you have a creative fatigue issue. You do not have enough diversification and volume in your account. And that is a red flag. any good account that we're running, which is all of them, um, no one has a frequency above a two on a cold out just doesn't happen because if we see this immediate red flag, we need to fix it. We need more diversity. We need more volume. Now, the big kicker here is that what Meta published in that statement, and if I can go and find that article, I'll put it in the description below, is that if you then go and introduce a novel creative, the probability of purchase stays high. And so after seeing the same ad once and then twice, if we go and serve a different ad in as the third impression, probability stays up here. And then if we go and serve a different ad as the fourth impression, probability stays up here. And so we can actually keep probability of purchase up by rotating in new novel creative. Now the question becomes, how does the algorithm do this? And how does it decide the sequencing of creatives to these users to try to get them to convert? And this is where sequencing comes into the ad account structure. When meta is optimizing across serving users ads, they're optimizing across understanding what sequence of creative actually gets the purchase. So is showing users ad one then add two then add three going to get the click and purchase or is it showing users ad three as the opening creative then add two then add one going to get the purchase or is it some other kind of combination? Are we coming in here and then going back here? There's all of these different combinations of serving these ads in a particular order that might yield a click and might yield a conversion. Now, the kicker here is that meta only attributes based on last click attribution. So, if we assume that the first sequencing example was what is actually occurring, they're going 1 2 3. If the click occurs here, all of the return on ad spend, all of the revenue gets attributed to this ad and it looks really good. Let's say it's at a 6x row. Add ad two. Maybe some people buy at this stage in the sequence, but not a lot. And two, we're at a 2x. And then on this top ad, we're down at like a 1.4x. When you look at this and you look at spend distribution, let's say spend is equal across all three creative. Naturally, you go in here and you go, "Oh, this is obvious. Turn ad one, turn ad two off, cuz ad three is getting all the performance." But that would be a bad idea. And this is the concept in a lot of our content about do not turn a creative off when you are hitting KPI. If this is hitting your performance goal overall as an adset, don't touch anything because Meta is sequencing between these creatives on purpose and it is creating an outcome. Meta's optimization is not based on last click. It's really important concept to understand. Meta's optimization is actually based on multiclick and view. And so Meta sees that people are viewing this ad, viewing this ad, then clicking on this ad and buying and therefore it distributes spend here knowing that it played a role in the purchasing journey, but you don't see that. Unfortunately, we don't get any visibility into this at all within the ads manager, which is actually really annoying. And so, as a product of that, we just need to trust the system. We also need to think about the creatives that we're putting into the account. How are they working through this purchasing journey? Normally, if you're good at creative, if you're good at creative strategy, you can look at these three creatives and you can go, "Oh, it's pretty obvious to me that this is actually the opening ad. This is then probably the second ad." And then this is the converting ad because this is a super unaware topunnel creative. This is then a product aware creative. And then this is a bottom of funnel very aware creative. And so it's super obvious to me just looking at the three ads that that's what the sequence looks like. But if you don't understand creative strategy, you're going to look at this and go, I don't understand what's going on. Why are the rorowes like this? Turn off, turn off, turn off, destroy performance. We're going to go into this in a lot more detail later on once we start going through the testing structure and actually KPIing and understand what is a good ad, what is a bad ad. But this is a really important concept to be across. Second concept to be across is that the reliability of rorowaz declines as you go down in the account structure. So everyone who's opened up a meta ad account knows the basic structure which is you have campaigns, you have ad sets, then you have ads, right? The campaign, you set up the budget typically and you set up the overall optimization event. So is it optimizing for sales, reach, etc. Adset, this is where all the targeting occurs. Now people forget that these days because people go, "Oh, targeting is just broad, so I don't even really know what's happening at the adset level." But it's really important to reinforce targeting is occurring at the adset level. And then down here the ads. This is obviously the creative that gets served to the end user. Now when we look down at the ad level and we start assessing creative, the issue here is everything I just went through. We can look at the rorowaz numbers, but they're kind of meaningless because they're last click attribution and there's a multi-click or multi- view through journey occurring here. And so I can go in and say, "Yeah, this has a 6x row as amazing. Let's like try to scale it or make more ads like that." But it's often a bad decision. So instead when we move up to the ads set level right here now we can look at all of these returns as a group and we can go let's not go into the individual ads because the reliability of uh the attribution here is terrible because there's so much happening across these different sequences. So let's just go up to the ad set and look okay at the adset level what's our rorowaz here and maybe overall it's at a 3x. Now this is a lot more reliable. It is worth noting that cross serving of ads still occurs at the adset level. So you can have uh multiple different ad sets. So if I just throw another ads set in up the top here, we'll call this ads set two. And let's just put a couple creatives under here. A sequence that can occur is that people see this ad and adset one. They then see this ad, and then they get served another adset. Now, it's not prioritized by the algorithm. The algorithm will always prioritize serving adjacent ads under an adset due to the way that targeting is siloed. But there is cross adset targeting. And so because of that, we might have a 3x here. We might have a 4x up here. This adset seems to be doing better. But it's actually just because this adset is picking up some bottom of funnel conversions being generated from this adset. That can be completely avoided. As long as your structure is good and you're diversifying concepts across the adset level, you shouldn't have much cross targeting. And you can measure all this and we'll go into it later on. But the whole idea is adset is better. We can trust this number. we can trust it more than the ad level. Then once you go all the way up to the campaign level, the campaign rorowaz number, as long as it's on 7-day click attribution is super reliable. This is generally very congruent with the actual P&L, as long as it's on 7-day click and as long as existing customers are excluded. And so because of that, when we're making decisions within meta, when we're thinking about structure, when we're thinking about introducing creative, we want to be thinking about measuring at the adset or the campaign level, not the ad level. And we want to be thinking through this idea of sequencing. So the practical implications of Andromeda and the way that the algorithm and ad platform currently works is four-fold. Number one, you need concept diversity. We're obviously going to go into what a concept is, how to break it down, how to come up with concepts, what diversity looks like later on. But number one is you need diversity within the creative going into the account. You al also obviously need that introduced into the structure so that you're having a concept per adset so you don't have any of this cross targeting going on. Number two is you need format variety. Okay? You can't unfortunately just have the same format of all of your creative. And the reason being is that meta will prioritize formats that people resonate with. I'll give you an example which is that I never ever and I could scroll my Instagram feed for the next 3 hours and show you. I will never get a piece of UGC under my profile. Just doesn't happen. And it's because I never click on them. I never resonate with them. And so Meta inherently knows that lowfi UGC content should not be served to me. And so if your ad account is just loi UGC, I'll never see it. Now, same thing actually for DPA ads. Now DPA are very bottom of funnel. This isn't really cold. I'd have to be already very very product aware on the website. But I don't think I have ever been served a DPA almost in the history of uh the ads that I get served on my personal profile. Now that is likely a product of the fact that DPAs are not a creative type that I resonate with. I never click on them. And so if you just had UGC and DPAs, it's very unlikely you'd ever reach me. So you need to be making sure you have as much diversity in format type. And I'm going to be giving you all the formats and how you should be mix and matching them later on so that you can reach as many people as possible. We then have hook quality. So this is going to be a big section of this video. But with Andromeda, any kind of persona call out that occurs within the actual creative is going to go and prioritize that persona. So if I make an ad and at the start I say if you're a business owner doing over $5 million a year, Andromeda is going to read the transcript. It auto transcribes every single ad and it's going to go, "Okay, let's try to find a similar audience to what he just said. What if my ad or my content has nothing to do with that audience? Well, then we've just push the creative to an audience that's not actually relevant. And people do this a lot. People's hook actually isn't as good as they think it is. People call out a persona without problem agitating. There's there's so many different issues that actually lie in hooks, which is why we're spending so much time on it cuz I think people are terrible at hooks. Most ads I see, they're just not good. And then lastly is that with Andromeda, volume is absolutely critical. The spend capacity of most ads isn't very high. Most ads that you enter the into the account, if we look at mean ad spend per ad unit, sits at about $700 to $1.5,000 depending on the ad account. And so, generally, you can't get much spend through most ads. So, you need volume to compensate, but you also need strategy at the same time because if you're just uh putting sheer volume into the account, which I've seen so many people do with no actual strategy behind the volume, it doesn't actually work. So, let's run through concept architecture. This is how you need to be thinking through the segmentation of different creative. This is how your naming conventions should be set up on meta as well. This is how you should be ideating in a Google sheet or whatever format you want to think through this. Uh and we'll also talk about the AI implications into this ideation process. So what actually is a concept? A concept is a persona, angle, and offer. And so to have diversity within the creative that's going into the account, you need one of these three variables to change. If the offer changes, it will resonate with a different audience, with a different pool of people because it's either a different product or if it's it's a different value proposition or packaging of the product. If the angle changes, obviously, it's going to resonate with with someone different because you're problem agitating on something else. And so, if you sold skin care, you might start by problem agitating on wrinkles, but then you might have another ad that problem agitates on that. They're going to reach two very different audiences even though it's the same product because the angle changed. And then lastly, we have a persona change. Now, the easiest way to think through a persona change is obviously who are we talking to, but also who is actually in the ad. And so, if there's a 60-year-old woman in the ad, it's obviously going to resonate with a very different target demographic than if there is a 20-year-old woman in the ad. And so, because of that, we can adjust the persona and that will inherently adjust who resonates with the creative and who it will target on the platform. And so one of the easiest ways to ideulate here and come up with almost infinite creative concepts is to start ideulating on who are all the different personas that we want to reach. What are the core personas in the business? And you can go through and you can probably come up with two or three or four. And then if you really drill deeper, you can come up with tons more. So yeah, we could go like females age between 40 to 45 etc. But then we can start digging into like what are the actual pain points. And so females aged 20 to 25 dealing with acne. Females aged between 30 to 35 dealing with acne, which is a slightly different problem because acne shouldn't be occurring at that age. So maybe it's hormonal acne. And then we can go women aged between 40 to 45 with acne as well. That's also a completely different problem that should be fixed by now. And so what are the different underlying causes that we can then resonate with in that persona? And so you can build personas out in ridiculous detail based on all of the problems that the product solves. By the way, this is the case in every industry as well as fashion. So, in fashion, people really struggle to get their head around concept architecture, but with personas, it's the same thing. Most large retail fashion brands will break their target demographic down into like four core personas, and they'll give them names. But the reality is, you can go way deeper than this because a persona could be a particular problem that a particular person is facing. And so there's this particular person who's a mom aged between 30 to 35 with young kids. And the problem that they face is they need an affordable dress that can go from a work dress into a night dress on a Friday afternoon. That is a persona. That's a persona that you could make infinite creative for for that exact particular painoint and circumstance. And you could probably think of 400 examples of that. When we move into angle, it's the presentation of how we're actually uh going after the problem. So what is the angle? What is the value proposition? Why would you purchase the product? And then the offer is obviously really straightforward, which is what are we actually offering? The key here is personas aren't demographics. They're archetypes that are defined by problems, desires, and buying triggers. So, we want to be thinking about who are our avatars. You want to think hard on this. Spend 20 minutes on it. Then, what problems do we actually solve for these people? Then what are the differences in pain points, language as to how we talk to this person and the proof that is required for this person. And once we understand these three, we should be able to build out a whole lot of personas which you can then once that is done manually go to an LLM like Claude or ChateBT or Gemini. Give it the entire persona list and tell it come up with 20 to 30 more and give it as much context as possible which you should already have loaded in there in some capacity about the business about the target demographic etc. Claude, OpenAI, LLMs, they're only going to give you averages. And so if you just give it three or four personas and you give it your website and you say, "Hey, come up with some more personas," you're going to get an average outcome. And everyone's going to be doing it and you're going to get the same as them. And you're going to revert to the mean. So what you want to do is if you are going to do this, you need to put all the manual effort into actually building out proper 30 to 40 personas that are actually good. And then you need to give it an unbelievably wide amount of context as to the business and the target demographic and everything you can so that it can actually idiate properly on another 20. And of the 20 that it produces, you shouldn't just be putting that in there. You should be refining down. Probably cut down to four to five. Give that back in. Say these four to five were good. Ideate on another 10 to 20. And then that way you can beef this out from 20 to 30 personas or whatever you get to and double the number. One really important note here is that people die in persona work by keeping the personas too broad. broad personas end up producing forgettable creative that is nowhere near specific enough to the target demographic that you want to resonate with. And so if you come away with a persona while you're building this out, which is, let's say, women age between 25 to 45, this is a terrible persona. The creative that you're going to make for this audience is nowhere near specific enough that it's going to resonate with enough people to be able to hold a good amount of spend. As an example, instead of going for the persona busy professional, which I actually see so much when when I tell people to do this concept build out, and instead you would want to delineate this into a consultant who flies twice a week and needs a carry-on wardrobe that works for boardrooms and bars. Way more specific. And now with that persona call out, you're already thinking about how to talk to this person. You can almost visualize who this is, what their problem is, what we need to solve, what the creative should look like. It gives so much more specificity into the actual briefing and production process. And then guess what? what we actually reach this audience properly. But when we say busy professional, what is a busy professional? That is so wide. There are so like the age is all over the place. Their gender is all over the place. What do they actually do? What do they get up to? Why do they even need this product? This is so broad that you will you will end up with mediocre creative. You are better off making five ads for this target demographic than five for this. Now, five for this will scale harder if you can actually do a proper unaware ad that is going to resonate with this entire pool of people. Yes, it's a bigger total addressable market. So, yes, you'll be able to hold more spend. But the reality of you making a good ad for an audience this broad is actually very unlikely. And so, you are way better off making more ads for very specific personas. And then as you start to become a eight mid 8 figure brand, you can start to play around in trying to get ads to work for very broad audiences. But the skill level required here is so high and it is just not required for most ad accounts. Most ad accounts, you can just go hyper specific and get way better results than needing to go and try to target the entire of a population. Another example here is instead of doing, let's say, healthconscious parent, you could target a mom who's tried six different supplements because her toddler won't eat vegetables. Once again, way more specific. Now, you could go away and you could write a script for that. You know exactly what that ad looks like. You know, who should be in it. You know who you're talking to. You know what the proof needs to be for that particular target demographic. You know what the language needs to be. and you know the pain points of that particular persona. Now, an angle is the specific argument or perspective that you take when you're speaking to a persona. This is where a lot of creative strategy actually ends up failing because brands default to product features rather than crafting genuine angles that resonate with the persona. So, I'm going to give you a lot of tactical application here. Number one is you want to problem agitate in some capacity. You don't need to do this in all of your creatives. In fact, especially if people aren't even problem aware, then you can't even problem agitate, right? But you want to be leading with pain as much as possible. And you want to make the viewer feel the pain, feel like they have been heard before you go and introduce the solution. Another great angle here is approaching with a contrarian truth. So you want to challenge a common belief that people have which allows them to reframe. An example of this, particularly just as a hook, is everything you've been told about X is wrong. Everything you've been told about the protein industry is wrong. And then you go into obviously an educational piece that then might problem agitate that then obviously loops into a solution. You want to typically always have social proofing in the angle. You want to build some kind of authority or expertise in the domain. So this is more specifically domain expertise. So you don't need for example a doctor and a lab coach showing up in every single ads for every industry. Right? If you're selling a running product, you want a marathon runner showing up. You want someone with authority in the domain that you're trying to sell in. Curiosity is great and is commonly in most angles that do well. And this is specifically creating what's called a curiosity gap. And so when you open up a video asset, and you can actually do this in image assets, too, but when you open up the video, you open up and create a curiosity gap or an information gap. As an example, you'd say, "Here's what the top 1% of millionaires know about saving money that they don't want you to know about." And then you don't answer it straight away. And you go into a story and you go into something else. You can go into any of these other aspects. You problem agitate, you have a contrarian truth, you go into some degree of social proofing, although that's probably stacked towards the back of the ad. And then eventually the ad goes on and on and on. You pull people through this journey, you educate them on everything, and then you end up actually answering the curiosity gap. And so you didn't have any information. You want to get to the information and eventually the information is provided to you. And so that's how you hold people through an ad. All good angles also have some degree of comparison or objection handling. And so often people who are watching your ad have tried to solve their problem through other solutions. And so you want to tell them why your solution will work versus all of the competitors. You've probably tried this. You probably tried this. You probably tried this. If it's a piece of user generated content, you'll commonly see the actual person in the script going, "I tried this just like you would have and it didn't work for me. I then tried this. I thought it was overhyped. It didn't work. And then finally, I was like, okay, I'm going to give one more thing a shot." And it actually worked. And then this one is the least compliant, but it is the best performing component to add into an angle. So, I'm going to throw it in, which is a transformation, aka a before verse after uh before verse afters. Meta does not like them. You have to sneak these into creatives in a way that the algorithm doesn't flag it. But these are some of the best performing creatives ever because people want to see visually a before and after. I think this is basic human psychology. Before and afters will always crush for as long as they exist. So because of that, Meta doesn't like you running them. So when we're thinking about the angle, we're starting at the persona and then we're thinking about what angle and approach do we need to be able to resonate with this target persona. And what you will notice is I've given you a lot of tactical application that can be included or built together into a script that creates the angle. So the real key with the angle is this. You can simplify it into a one sentence, which is if our persona is women with kids aged 35 to 40 that are having energy issues, we're going to then sell them creatine powder and the angle is going to be that it solves energy issues based on particular studies and then we can continue chaining it out. The thing is the angle realistically if you're going to write this out properly, we're just talking about the script, okay? And so you just want to write the whole script. If it's a static, this is obviously going to be a bit tighter and you could probably encapsulate this in a few sentences. But the idea is we want to figure out what angle are we approaching selling this person on with a myriad of different strategies that's going to resonate with them. And so if we take for example that uh woman age 40 to 45 with creatine and energy issues, well, we're going to want social proofing, but we want to we're going to want social proofing for that particular persona. So we're going to want either case studies around persons people like that or the clinical studies that we're going to reference which is going to give us expertise and authority needs to reference their particular age and gender. We want to think about problem agitation on that particular persona. So how are we going to agitate to that problem? Are we going to pull in some kind of contrarian truth or curiosity gap that's going to hold them into the asset? Can we do any kind of comparisons to stuff that they've tried in the past? Has this persona tried things or is this very new to them? And then can we pull in any kind of transformation at the end as a piece of social proof to back into the creative? And so we choose the elements that we want. We think about how we're going to slice and dice these into a script. And that becomes the angle. And we're going to build out some actual examples of this in a moment. But before we do, I want to talk about the testing priority order. Which of these three components has the largest impact? What should you be thinking about testing the most of or the least of? Number one at the top is angles. So this is exactly what we're just discussing. This is the message or the argument. The reason why this is such a high priority is because we can sell to any persona that is relevant to the product. You should be able to effectively look at who has bought from you in the past. What persona did they sit in? Why did they buy from you? And then we just need to craft an angle to that particular persona. If that persona isn't purchasing from us, we know that it's actually really an angle or an offer issue. It's not an issue with the persona cuz we've already proven that these people buy from us. Okay? And so when something's not working, we typically don't want to look at the persona as long as you did it well. Like let's not do broad 25 to 45year-old females. Let's get hyper specific into a very specific person that has purchased from us before and let's target them. But then ultimately it's going to come down to an angle or offer issue. Which is why angle is the first thing you should test. If things aren't working, you need to rotate out and improve the angle. And then the second is the offer. Now fundamentally the offer actually might be the number one most important thing out of all of this. But the issue is is that you actually don't have much flexibility in changing the offer. What do I mean by that? The offer is two things. The offer is the product and then the offer is the value proposition or the way that we're framing value. Now, when it comes to the product, if you have a single product and ads aren't working well, I can't really tell you to change the product. Right? Now, you could you could change the whole business, but the reality is is that the product is the product, we need to change the angle or the persona, right? So even though this is the most important thing, the product ultimately is king out of anything, we don't have much flexibility here. Now if you have a very large skew count and maybe this is a new product that's being launched into an existing 20 product portfolio, then sure, then we can go and say, is this an offer issue? Is this an issue with the product? And we can start to troubleshoot accordingly. But for most people, you're pretty stuck on the product. Then when it comes to the value proposition, the value proposition, we've got a couple options, right? We can go and try testing bundles. We can go and try testing like a gift with purchase. We can go and try all of these different repackaging of the offer, right? We can do like tid as well, so you get percentage off when you buy two or three. We can go and throw in like a subscription offer. So, there's a lot of testing that we can do here. And we do this with a lot of clients is we'll come up with a bunch of different offers and how we should reframe value to try and get the funnel working more effectively. But ultimately, you are limited here. There's only so many offers you can test. And we run into this issue which is like we've tested like seven variations of how we can spin these two to three products and now we're relatively stuck and the only way that we can increase the value perception on the offer is to just do harsh deep discount and we don't want to do that. We don't want to go and just eat 40% into margin and build a brand off a heavy discount reliance. And so although the offer is unbelievably important, this is a huge variable that we do a lot of testing on and we do a lot of offer testing for clients. It's something that eventually you're going to hit a wall on like there's only so much offer testing you can actually do and once you've found the best performing offer you're stuck on it and so that is where then we want to be doing a lot of switch ups in personas and personas is ultimately what's actually going to give us breadth and volume in the account and then I have number four in here there is actually a fourth component of concept design now this didn't really used to exist pre-andromeda but it's an additional component that we've added in recently and it's because of the way that Andromeda will take different formats and serve it to different people so as I said before I don't get UGC content. I don't get dynamic product ads. And so you could do all the mix and matching that you want of personas of angles of offers to try to hit me. But if the only ads in the account is UGC and DPAs and so there is a fourth component to be able to reach more people which is the format. You can have the same persona, same angle, same offer and you can change the format and you will reach a different audience. However, this is nowhere near as effective as these other components. If you do this and then you change the format, the reality is you're probably going to hit a lot of the same people cuz you are talking to the same people. You are going with the same angle and you are offering them them the same thing. You'll get a bit of novel reach. You'll obviously reach people that don't resonate with the current formats. But this isn't like a huge unlock great variable in the account and that's why it is down at number four in the testing priority. Now, the big issue here and the reason why I spent so much time going through the testing priority order is everyone gets this completely the wrong way round. People spend all of their time testing formats. They go, "Oh, let's test some UGC because UGC will work." UGC as a concept doesn't work. It is the script. It is the persona. It is the angle. It is the offer that is contained within this type of content that is what works. Just like a professional photo shoot doesn't work. The format isn't what works. It's what's contained within the format. Then people move up to the persona and they go, "We need to reach different people. Okay, we understand that Andromeda, we need to talk to different people. So, let's talk to different people. This is the second priority." It is not because if your ads aren't working fundamentally, you have bad messaging and you have bad arguments for why they should buy. The creative is just bad. And creative being bad is normally a function of the angle and the scripting. And so this is what you should be fixing. Changing up the persona is just you trying to target different people with terrible ads. Then they go to the offer and they say, "Well, all the big influencers, Horoszi says offer is king." That's the thing that matters the most. So we need to go to the offer. Sure, but you're going to once again fatigue offer testing pretty quickly. There's only so much you can do with your one or two product. And then they end up at the angle which is their lowest priority, but it should be the highest. So this is how you need to be thinking through testing priority. Now the practical application of thinking through this format type actually translates directly into the account structure, which is that when you have a campaign, you want your adsets to be segmented out based on concept. And the reason being is that the targeting exists at the adset level. And so if you go and put in, as I said before, a bunch of different ads that are a bunch of different concepts resonating with different people, well then the ad set that's trying to figure out who to target is going to get confused. It's going to go, "Wait a second. This is resonating with men, old men, this is resonating with young women. Like, why are there all these different angles in here? Who do we actually target?" Now, yes, there is some siloing of target demographic targeting at an individual ad level, but a lot of it still sits at the adset level. And so, you're going to get worse performance when you go and bundle all different concepts together. Not only that, because you can't trust the reliability of rorowaz at an ad level very well. When you go and put all these together and you don't hit KPI, you do hit KPI. Let's say you maybe you got a 3x rorowaz here. Well, then you're going to look at these ads and not actually understand what concept works because there's three concepts here. So, what is the learning from this adset? Well, if it was all under one concept, one persona, one angle, one offer, we could go, this concept works really well. Let's go and make more like this. Let's double down in this direction. Let's not overlever. Let's think about portfolio management, but we should definitely put a little bit more resourcing here because there's a squeeze available. If instead you have three different concepts in here and it's hitting KPI, what what's the conclusion? Is is all the concepts working, but this one doesn't have a good rorowaz, but we know that rorowaz at the ad level isn't reliable. So like what is it? How do we draw conclusions out of a campaign structure with mixed up concepts at the adset level? You can't. It's very difficult to do. You just got to hope your ads are good and that you get a good return. But if you want to actually have any kind of learning feedback loop, you want to be structuring the account based on concepts. All right, so here's a full buildout that I've just put together of a persona angle and offer that I think would actually crush the formats we can add as we go along here. So, and you're going to have to excuse my uh writing. Persona, casual runner training for a sub 4-hour marathon. It's a male. They're a gym goer. So, they're not just a runner, but they've gone to the gym. They follow XY Z influences. So there's particular influences that we've called out and we know that they're probably following them in some capacity and they make about 70K a year perom. This is important in terms of framing value around what we're actually going to try to sell to them. So where do they actually sit in terms of income level? In terms of the angle, we're going to come in with science backing because we know that this person probably follows someone like Andrew Hubman. So we can come in with at least an angle around him. We're going to go through how creatine improves recovery, but it doesn't improve recovery in general because we want to talk to this persona. So, it improves recovery for the long run. Now, people are only going to be doing a long run if they're training for a marathon. That enables a 5minute improvement on the marathon time. So, we're directly connecting the entire angle to the persona and we're giving them an expected outcome. Then, the offer is relatively straightforward. Creatine gummies, buy two, get one free. Now, this offer was selected by myself just due to the income level here. So, we probably want increased perceived value cuz creatine companies are generally quite expensive and it's going to be hard to push it on to someone and to reframe them against creatine for running the actual format here. This is where we can chop and change this and we can have like 10 different ads, right? We could go into a VSSL format. Probably not going to work as well on this uh age demographic, but it is a potential option. We could go into UGC, which I think is going to be great. We could go into founder talking head. We could go into a more educational hi-fi styled piece. Uh you could also actually translate this into a carousel. Formats go on and on, but they're probably the starting ones that I'd go for. VSSL I might just leave out for now because the age is too low for a VSSL to work on. And so that is one concept where now we can come into here and we can start changing one of these variables to be able to mix and match it to different target demographics. And so the reality is that this angle will also work for women that are training for a marathon. So we can change over that persona and we have now a whole different uh concept that we can start making ads for. Now we can tweak the angle a little bit and rather than making it for long days, we could make it for people that are trying to get up to a 5k run. And if you're just started running and you're trying to get to a 5k run, creatine is a great way to build up initial improvements in recovery and therefore we can now resonate with a different persona. So you can start to mix and match this accordingly to reach way more people. Now on hook strategy, everyone thinks that the hook of an ad is a trick to try to get someone to watch the video. But the hook of an ad is a play towards relevancy. What you were doing is promising the user that what they're about to watch is relevant and contextual to them. And that distinction matters enormously because a lot of people think that they should just be baiting people into watching. They should be trying to hook them through some kind of meme at the start. And yes, that'll give you really high hook rates if that's what you want to optimize for, but it's not actually going to give you conversions. Now, there's actually three different layers to the hook. You have the visual. This is what's actually on the screen. You then have audio. This is obviously the underlying audio. And then you actually have the copy that overlays the visual. This could also be the primary text that sits above the ad. Now, the reason why I'm even putting this as a section in the video is because the hook is so important in video assets because 80% of people never watch past the hook. And so, if you're going and serving ads into the marketplace and 80% of people never even watch your ad cuz they don't like the hook, so they just skip straight past it, well, it's pretty critical then for us to try to optimize the hook. Okay? If most people are never going to see past this point in the video, then let's make sure this video is relevant, providing value in some capacity or trying to pull people through the video that are relevant and need to watch. An example of this in terms of resource allocation is that you can spend an hour going and making two hooks and then five different bodies for this ad. Or you could go and spend the same amount of time, but just make two bodies and then 15 hooks. And you will probably always get better performance here given that the actual scripting is good on the bodies. And the reason being is that the delta available in performance increase is normally higher in the hook than it is in the body. Once again, assuming scripting is good. If you're not good at scripting, well then like one of these bodies might actually be a good script and then it will hit and you'll get a misrepresentation of the actual impact here of the different components of the ad. Now, in terms of rating whether a hook is good, cuz I do this a lot. I do a lot of reaction videos on Instagram saying this is a bad hook, this is a good hook, and I'm rating how well people have done in putting a hook together. Well, there is actually a grading system that you can think through as to how good your hook actually is. Number one is clarity. Can a stranger understand what you are actually talking about within the first 3 seconds or are you just trying to confuse them as a way to hook them in? Number two is relevance. Now, people mistake this for a persona call out. They mistake this for me taking the persona that I was talking about before and just calling them out at the start. Hey, if you're a mom that has kids and you're age 30 to 35 and you have this problem, well, listen up. Persona call outs are super overrated and it's because no one wants to hear themselves called out. People want to hear the problem that they're actually dealing with. And so you'll always see much better performance agitating on a problem than you will on any kind of persona call out. And I have this from personal experience. Anytime I get an ad saying agency owners who need XY Z, listen up. I never watch the ad. I move on. But if they agitate on a specific problem, it feels much more genuine. actually wants to I actually want to watch through and find out what the solution is to the problem that I'm actually currently facing. So, you want it to be relevant, but persona call outs are nowhere near as effective as just making the problem agitation relevant to the person. We then have novelty. This isn't a requirement, but this is a really good way to create white space within the ad that you're making. And so, this concept of whites space is also this concept of purple ocean theory, which is that you have a blue ocean over here. You then have a red ocean over here. Now, this is actually one of my favorite books that I've ever read. I actually reference it in a lot of content, Blue Ocean Theory. This is that you want to reposition your product into a market that differentiates you from everyone else, so that you're not competing on pricing. You're not even getting compared, and you're seen as a completely novel product or service within the market. Red ocean means that you're selling the same stuff as everyone else, and then you're just getting priced down to zero. These are terrible businesses. These are incredible businesses. The issue with blue oceans is they don't really exist because if you're going truly blue, you're selling something that's never been sold before and that's kind of risky because there's no actual market knowledge. You need to do tons of education and there's no proven product market fit either. So yeah, you could reposition into something that you think people might want, but they might not even want it. And so you realistically want to sit like somewhere in the middle here where you're repositioning it into something novel, but it still has proven product market fit. It's still proven that it is going to work. It's just not what everyone else is doing. it's slightly adjacent. And so we do this a lot in our own content in terms of format testing. So we'll rotate in different formats because we want to test new things. We'll take ideas from other industries, from other people. We'll come up with our own ideas to try to cut through and have novelty that people haven't seen before. I would say this YouTube video is actually an example of that, which is that there isn't many creative courses on YouTube for meta ads that are 2 plus hours long. So you want to be thinking through that concept too in the hook. Now, once again, it's not a requirement, but it will help in standing out without having some kind of gimmicky tactic to hold people through the ad that's not actually unique. The question I would be asking yourself here is, has this hook been done a million times? And if the hook's been done a million times, probably don't do it. The next is specificity. So, is there a way, and you're not going to be able to do this in a lot of hooks, but in our specific hook, is there a way we can use numbers, maybe quantify names, or maybe even quantify outcomes right out of the gates, that's going to build authority into the hook. Anytime you can start a hook by name dropping someone that's super famous, that's relevant to the product in some capacity, it always does better. If you can name drop some kind of number, 67% of people got this result, then once again, it's going to build authority. If you can speak straight to specific outcomes, it's going to build authority and it's going to be more specific to your target demographic than you want to resonate with. And then lastly, we have credibility, which is fairly obvious. Now, with credibility, you're usually not going to be able to do this through the copy or through the audio. It's typically going to have to be done through the visual. And so, you are going to need either like someone famous that pops up at the start. You're going to need someone that is uh contextually relevant. So, if you're selling supplements, you have a doctor who pops up. If you're selling running supplements, it's obviously like a runner that pops up. You want to be thinking about how you can build credibility. Now, you don't need 10 out of 10 scores on all of these to be able to have a good hook. You really only need a couple of them done well. This is how you should be thinking through hook creation. Now, let me give you a bunch of hooks that you can go and start using. Number one is problem agitation. So, you want to lead with the pain that the viewer is already feeling and you want to make them feel seen. An example of this is, are you struggling with back pain from desk work? This will only resonate with problem aware audiences. So you can get really good performance, but it isn't going to be scalable above that stage of awareness. Number two is a contrarian truth. So you challenge a common assumption. You create cognitive friction that demands a resolution. An example here is everything you've been told about protein timing is wrong. And this works across all levels of awareness. And it works strong and organic and paid. Number three is specific proof. So you want to lead with a measurable outcome, numbers, time frames, specificity. An example of this is I lost 12 kilos in 90 days without giving up pasta. So you build credibility throughout the hook. The next one is a curiosity gap. We spoke about this before, which is that you create an information gap that can only be closed by watching. An example is what the top 1% of brands know about meta ads that you don't. And a funny side note is that my average view time when I use that hook or some variation of that hook is over 45 seconds. And so that hook actually works incredibly well because it creates an information gap in my own organic content. Truth bomb. There's actually one specific client where this is done unbelievably well for. So that's why I threw it in here cuz I don't see many people doing it, which is that you lead with an uncomfortable truth about the product's price, ingredients, or industry. The honesty itself becomes the hook. And so the hook in this instance is something along the lines of this product costs $120. Yeah, it's super expensive, but it's our best seller and everyone buys it. Here's why. It ends up working exceptionally well for premium or higher average order value products where the price ends up being the main objection that people have. So you confront it way up front and it actually works really well at cutting through on cold audiences cuz even if I've never seen the product before, if someone's opening with this thing is expensive, I'm like okay, what is that thing? Teach me more. And then it can go into a very very educational piece. Obviously that's only going to be relevant to very specific industries. The next is psychological confrontation. And so this is being direct and patent interrupting with a statement that feels like a friend calling you out. An example here would be, you know, that drawer full of products you never use, that's the problem. Or stop buying things that make you feel guilty for not using them. It's not clickbait, but it's playing on an emotional pain point, and so the viewer ends up feeling personally addressed, which ends up acting as a scroll stopper. Once again, all of these things also apply into organic, which is where I think getting good at organic content is actually a very critical skill for getting good at creative strategy because it just translates into paid. We'll keep going here, which is you can also do sensory I'm going to call this a texture hook as well. This does unbelievably well in fashion right now. This is just an ASMR hook. So, you don't need any words. 2 to 3 seconds close-up of the fabric being handled, a product being squeezed, liquid being poured, package being opened, something ASMR related. These do incredibly well. Uh we have a lot of ads right now that are high performers. On this hook, you've then got a founders letter. You can go and apply all of these into most brands. So you want to open with the founder and their origin story. So we started this because dot dot dot or here is why I left my career to go and build this. The more risk you can build within the hook as well, the better. And so you want to build tension. And this is once again a big organic strategy that you just want to translate into paid, which is that you want to have high stakes within the hook. if you're going to have a founders letter style hook so that people have a reason to continue watching. I reorggaged my house and put $300,000 down to be able to order my first order of this product and here's what's happened since. Like that hook I could almost guarantee would do well. Now, obviously that has to be a real circumstance, which is why that hook does well, right? It's things that you can't fake. If you actually did put so much risk on the line, it's a great angle to be able to talk about that risk. The last one here is social proof. So you want to lead with some kind of credibility marker. 90% of customers saw results in 30 days. Now this is nine different hook types that you can go and take. You can probably apply at least seven of these into your particular brand right now. There are infinite hook strategies, right? I could write hooks here all day long. I could fill the whole board with 50 different hook types. You could go to Claude or JBT right now and say, "Give me all the different hook types that I can run." The idea is that you want to take hook strategies and you want to translate it into your brand, but the scripting is going to be critical. And where you're going to really see uh a standout from competitors is over here in this novelty piece on whitespace. So you can become an 8 figure brand by using these hook strategies and having relatively good scores over here. But if you want an ad that's going to hold half a million dollars in spend, you do probably want to generate something novel at the beginning of the creative that's going to stand out from competitors. And then what's going to happen is all your competitors are just going to go and copy you and so you will set the trend. Now I've spoken about the hook a lot but an an important subcomponent of the hook is the bridge which is where you move between specific components within the video. Now the two big bridges that often occur is when you go from hook to body and then when you go from body to CTA. These two bridges often don't end up being done well. And so what ends up happening is if you think about product awareness on the y- axis and then you think about time going through the video asset on the x- axis, what ends up happening is people will hook you in and you'll become aware that it's an ad and then suddenly as you bridge to the body, some people will just instantly introduce the product. So they'll hook you with something like, are you trying to train for a marathon and you want better recovery? Well, creatine from Blue Sense Digital is your solution. That ad won't do well. Hook was good. bridge ruin the whole thing. The whole body could be good. Like the body scripting could be perfect, hook scripting could be perfect, call to action could be great, but the bridge ruins the whole asset. And so you don't want your asset to look like this where there's this massive step change in product awareness as a user goes through the creative. Instead, you want to blend these out so that people are slowly becoming aware that they're being solved to. And so instead, you're looking like this. And so I don't really even need to give you that much information on how to do this. To me, it's pretty intuitive, which is just blend in the introduction of the product. Don't just suddenly introduce it. Or else people go quickly from, oh, I was watching something that was educational or that was teaching me to, oh, I'm actually being sold a product. And people don't intuitively like that feeling. This also, this jump in bridge will typically ruin the flow of scripting in most very good top offunnel unaware ads. And so when it comes to really good top ofunnel unaware ads, what they do is they move people through the stages of awareness as you progress through the ad. This is actually something that VSL's video salelet letter ads do unbelievably well because they get the capacity to teach through the asset. And so you start with unaware. So you're hooking people in with something that they might be interested in, usually some kind of curiosity gap. Then you're making them problem aware. Okay, now I understand that there's a problem with drinking water. If I just drink water every day, not only does it not have electrolytes, which apparently I need. I didn't even realize this was a problem, but also tap water is incredibly bad for me. Okay, that's interesting. What's the solution? Oh, the solution is that I need this amount of salt in this kind of ratio, and I need to stop using tap water. Okay. Oh, there's actually a product that solves this problem. It's canned mineral water with electrolytes in it. Oh, okay. I was unaware of anything. I became problem aware. I became solution aware. I'm now product aware. Okay, this is going to fix all of these problems that I didn't realize I had. And now I move down into the aware stage of awareness where maybe I convert on a retargeting ad. Now, this is generally how you want to be thinking through scripting on really good top of funnel ads. But what most people do is that they'll start really unaware. They'll then go problem aware and then like in here they'll just introduce the product. You're like, what are we doing? We haven't even moved them to the next stage of awareness. We can't introduce the product yet. And people do this cuz they think in retention curves. And so they go, well, if we look at the retention curve on an ad, which is how many people are still watching on average as we move through a creative, the retention curve will look like this. And so intuitively, you go, well, 80% of people are going to drop off by the 90 secondond mark. So we need to introduce our product before the 90cond mark cuz we don't want most of the users to not know they're being sold our product. It's the wrong way to think through it, okay? You actually want to introduce your product as late as possible in the creative because you want people to be problem aware and s solution aware and really preframe and engaged ready to buy once the product is actually introduced. You don't want to introduce the product too early before they're actually aware of what the problem and solution is. And so you often end up getting way better conversion rates out of an asset by moving the product introduction and call to action way later because these people are now way more qualified to actually buy and are way more higher intent. And so, yes, you can introduce it sooner, but they're not high intent enough that you will actually have worse conversion rates. And even though it's more total people, you will ultimately get worse total purchase volume out of the asset. And so, that is something to be really careful of when you're thinking about bridging. Now, to wrap this section up, one final question that I get a lot is, does hook testing still work post Andromeda? Because isn't the whole point in Andromeda that we need diversity? And if I have a 92 Facebook ad, me just changing the first 3 seconds at the start, that's not diversity, right? That's the same ad. We just changed the first 3 seconds. Meta will still recognize a different hook as a different creative. It will get its own creative ID. It will not get pulled together with this asset. It will go and reach a novel unique audience. Now obviously there is going to be some degree of overlap because 87 seconds of this asset is going to be talking to the same person with the same problem with the same offer. So if we actually look at the concept framework it is the same concept. It's just the hook change. So the question becomes is hook changes worth it? Yes. Why is it worth it? Because it is so low effort. Rotating in new hooks is almost free. Okay. When you record the ad, you just record the hooks six times and it takes an extra few minutes and now you've got six different hook variations. Or you can take existing high performers and you throw new hooks on them. We have had ads that have spent $50, $100,000 fatigued. Then we just rotate 50 new hooks on and we get another $100,000 to spend at the same efficiency. And those hooks took like one hour to shoot. And so you can very much so keep winners alive through changing hooks. You can also take ads that didn't work and then suddenly make them work by fixing the hook if it had a really bad hook rate. So yes, absolutely hook testing still works post Andromeda. You should be doing it. It is still the highest leverage point in videos, organic ads, YouTube, everything. All right. So when it comes to formats, there's five questions that you need to be asking yourself when you're thinking on a format. Number one, what is the concept? We need to define the concept first before we even think about formats. You want to go out build your persona angle offer then come back to thinking about the format. You don't start with the format and work backwards. This is the last step. Secondly, does this concept require education? Now, if it requires education, you likely need to go into some longer form asset that's going to educate. Number three, can the value prop be communicated in a single frame? This is obviously going to lean yourself towards images, carousels, something that's easier to produce, can obviously still be in a video, but you do have an advantage with images that they're very easy and cheap to produce and you can produce a lot of them. So, anytime you can produce statics over videos, you generally want to do it. Now there's two different approaches to statics if we just leave these out for the moment which is number one you can use statics to quickly test different angles and different concepts get fast feedback and then develop that into a video format where you can go a lot deeper and create a more scalable asset. And then number two is that images are very cheap to make and so they often end up outweighing videos in the cost of production. So if you look at the average spend of an image versus a video in your account, it might actually make a lot of sense to just go way harder on images because the cost of production is super low and the average revenue generation is decent in proportion. And so this is what is called cost of production against the average revenue per ad. This is something that we calculate for everyone during the order process because we want to understand what is the average revenue per ad that you put into the account. For most people, it's about like $2,000ish. And then what is your cost of production against this delineated down to contribution margin? And so we minus off gross profit. We minus off the cost of serving the ad. We might find out that average contribution margin per ad unit is, let's say, $350. How much is it costing us to make an ad? It might be costing us $400. Okay, this equation doesn't work. We're currently paying more to produce an ad than we get contribution margin out of each ad. We can then go and delineate this down to images specifically. We might found out images cost us about $50, but they're producing us $300. Videos are costing us $500 and we're only getting $400 here. And so we actually find out even though videos do perform better, the actual cost of production versus expected contribution margin is worse than image assets. And therefore, we should actually just double down on images. And I know people doing uh $200,000 a day in revenue on just AI images. And so there's absolutely no reason as to why you can't do hundreds of thousands of dollars a day on images only. And if you can't, it just ends up being a skill issue. Number four is, does the product need a demo? This is just going to be a general question that applies to the business as a whole, which is how much education do we need to force people through? Because obviously you're going to be relatively restricted with images then unless you get really fancy and you have a good designer. And then lastly, which ties into both of these points, is what stage of awareness are we sitting in? Okay, if we're sitting in a very high stage of awareness, we need a creative that is going to be a longer format that can educate. Typically a video. If we are sitting at a very low stage of awareness like the product aware or aware stages, uh we can just go for DPAs and images and get away with very bottom ofunnel ads. I want to reiterate that the belief that image ads are bottom of funnel and video ads are top of funnel is fundamentally a skill issue. Once again, I have seen multiple ad accounts. I've talked to multiple people that do hundreds of thousands of dollars per day in revenue off just static. And so if you're saying, "Oh, statics don't work. They're bottom of funnel assets." It's because, yeah, the way that you design them and the way that you approach them and concept them out is bottom of funnel. But you can make top ofunnel statics. We're now going to cut out to three ad breakdowns that I have done on static images. We're going to go through an organic tweet format, which is an IM8 health ad. We're going to go through a creatine gummies ad. And then we're going to go through a GLP1 hair loss ad. And you will see three statics that are holding tons of spend on top of funnel. This is an incredible static ad. 4.7,000 likes down here. It's by IM8. And let's break down exactly why it's so good. Number one, it's a new format. They're actually using a tweet here and they're reposting it so it feels organic to the platform, but it's actually an ad. Now, further to this, they're reinforcing it by using not a partnership ad. So they're not collaborating with IMA and Dr. James, but it's just Dr. James. So, they're running it as effectively a whitelisting ad through this profile. So, you don't know that this is an ad. In fact, you would look at this for a very long time, and it's only until you start getting through the copy that sits under the creative over here that you actually realize that you're getting sold something. So, what's so good about the static over here, other than it being a common format and that you not really knowing that it's an ad, so it feels organic? Well, symptoms of vitamin deficiencies. So right away we're problem agitating into okay here's some education around how vitamin deficiencies could be impacting you then this is an unbelievably wide set of symptoms. So if you have dry eyes, if you have poor vision, if you have low energy, if you have bad skin, if you have cracks on your mouth, if you have fatigue, if you have bleeding gums, if you have painful muscles, if you have excessive bruising, all of these things, very, very wide total addressable market. Well, then it's an issue with a vitamin deficiency, and it tells you exactly what the vitamin deficiency is. So you get education around, okay, here's my problem, here's the solution. Then you start probably reading a copy and you go the best multivitamin equals IMA daily ultimate 10% off. Here's the thing. Then you get more educational pieces here about how the product actually works. And obviously because this is an ad, a big call to action will appear at the bottom here that it will allow you to click straight off the site. So a problem agitates to a very wide target demographic. It then educates about exactly what the solution is in terms of vitamin to solve your particular problem. It does it in a format that's super organic. It then maintains that organic feeling by not having the brand and company name attached with the post. And then this is obviously driving off to cold audiences, probably driving off to this guy's audience, which is even better because we're obviously piggybacking off his organic. This is an avitorial static ad. These are really good. They perform incredibly well. They only perform well though if you go to an educationbased landing page or you use the primary text to educate heavily. So, let's break it down. The best hair growth products of 2025 and the ones to avoid. here's what the big brands are not telling you. And then we have a bunch of different products here. So, we know or we at least assume, okay, this is some kind of blog. This is some kind of article that's going to educate us around what hair growth products we should actually be buying. Now, even better, it's running through a doctor's page. Okay, so there's a bit of authority here. As a dermatologist, I set out on a mission to find the most effective hair growth products. Not very long copy, so they're not selling us on anything here. Okay, so we want to find out more. So, what do we do? We go and we go and click learn more. Now from here we end up on a website called Dermatologist Reviews. Now this website is owned by the brand that's trying to sell you on something. This is a really good funnel. So hi, who is the person? Why do they have authority? This is the blog posted. I set out on a mission. And here are just the products ranked. And then it goes into all of the reasons as to why. And it goes into selling that product. And then it does go into the other ones, but it goes into why I probably wouldn't choose these. They're not the best. Now, why is this a giveaway that this is actually a brand pushing? Well, because if we look at the rankings here, you can't click on any of these, right? But you can click on this one. And if you click on this one, goes to a custom landing page that then takes you through a quizunnel. You go through a quizunnel and then you get pushed through to the conversion. So, this is a really good funnel that they're running here. I really like it. And almost to make sure they're a little bit compliant, I imagine. As you scroll down, this takes you to the same funnel, but as we continue going down, look at all the green ticks here. So many green ticks, one red. Only available online. And then him and hers. Oh, widely available online. Oh, that's the best thing about it. All of these negatives, but you can still click here and it takes you to an Amazon affiliate link. And so, they're like, h, if people are not clicking on us, then we may as well still redirect them somewhere. And then obviously, you can see they put the effort into reviewing all of these and all the reasons as to why they wouldn't buy them. This is a super effective funnel. I imagine this is doing quite well for them. If your target demographic is 50 plus, you can serve on Facebook feeds. This ad type crushes. It's static image ads with a long form copy. And the reason why they do so well is they go through a massive story that speaks to an unaware audience and slowly pulls them into being problem aware, pulls them into being solution aware, then pulls them into being product aware, and then finally they're all the way at the stage in which they can convert. These ads will crush on cold audiences, but it takes an enormous amount of skill to actually be able to write this copy properly. Like yes, you can be AI assisted, but if you don't know fundamentals of how to emotionally appeal to a specific target demographic, then it's not going to work. And this is ultimately where getting good at copywriting really matters. If you can get good at copywriting and you can get good at pulling people through the stages of customer awareness, then that is ultimately how you can create these static image ads with long form copy that are going to absolutely crush. Now, in addition to that, to keep it contextual to 2026 and the time in which this video is being made, a type of video asset that does incredibly well right now on older target demographics is a VSSL, a video sales letter. The reason why these types of ads do so well is because they pull people through all of the stages of awareness and they're highly educational. You can also really leverage AI within them. We make a lot of just AI VSSLs end to end and they do quite well. And then some of them do unbelievably well and hold hundreds of thousands of dollars in ad spend. So what we're going to do now is I'm going to pop up a few examples of VSSLs and me breaking them down so you can see an example of what this ad type looks like. >> You have IBS, leaky gut, or bloating? You're probably missing this one thing. You're This is a really good VSSL. First off, it starts with a persona call out. If you have these issues, keep watching. Doctor probably told you to just manage it with a course of pills. That's because then it's going into objection handling the common way to fix it. They're treating the symptom, not the cause. But here, then a problem agitates and opens a curiosity gap. Okay, I thought it was actually going to cause us to fix the problem, but this ad is saying it's not. All right, I'm going to keep watching. >> Here's what they're not telling you. Your gut isn't broken, it's starving. Your gut is an eco. >> I don't love that because it's an AI script. So that's called contrast negation, which is where you say it's not X, it's Y. You see a lot of this in a lot of scripting these days. I probably would take that out. >> An ecosystem of trillions of bacteria. When the good bacteria die and bad bacteria take over, everything collapses. That's when you get inflammation, a leaky gut, and your body stops absorbing nutrients. This really good educational piece. >> This is dispiosis, and it's not rare. 40% of people have it. Most of them don't even know. You might be among them. But here's the problem with really good way to enforce that. No, you do have this problem because when you prescribe a problem to someone, particularly when it's like a disease or it's a physical medical issue, the immediate reaction is, well, I probably don't have this. I imagine this is rare. So, instantly increasing the tab by no 40% of people actually have this problem. Is a really good way to keep people watching to go, okay, maybe I do have the problem. Tell me a little bit more about it. With every gut supplement you've tried. They just throw probiotics at it. That's like sending a single soldier into a war zone. One probiotic can't survive in a toxic gut. It dies. It doesn't colonize. It doesn't help. IM8 Daily Ultimate Essentials doesn't just add probiotics. First, digestive enzymes clear. I don't love the bridge. If the ad team is watching this, I would extend for another 15 seconds and educate around how the IM8 ingredients actually fix the issue and then introduce IM8 as the solution that has those ingredients and undigested food. Second, prebiotics create a safe environment for good bacteria. Third, 10 billion CFU of probiotics flood in and colonize. Fourth, postbiotics strengthen your gut lining and stop the leaks. So the 10 to 15 seconds would be saying uh the way that you get probiotics to work is that you have prebiotics and postbiotics around it and that's actually what's creates the system to work. Fortunately, IM8 has put all of those three solutions in one sache. So you can get them all at once and it can fix uh the issues that we agitated at the start. It's a complete military operation. Not a single soldier. That's an AI script once again. Contrast negation. I try to avoid that. And it works in a 12week clinical trial. 85% of And then it goes into social proofing. It keeps going on. Overall, really good ad. Just some small points of improvement. This ad has 25 million views. It's been running for 3 to 4 years now. It's absolutely crushing. And I'll show you what it does so well. It takes a really common format of VSSLs and then it adds objection handling UGC to the front. So, let's click play and start to watch. >> I want to talk to you about something that's been making waves on social media lately. You've probably seen this guy all over your feed claiming that cutting carbs is >> So, they're using the split screen for engagement and to add more context to the video. Is it necessary for weight loss? No need for long hours on the treadmill either. Now, I know it sounds too good to be true, but let me tell you, there's more to this than meets the eye. I decided when you're watching this, you think that this guy is obviously going to disagree with the cutting carbs because he's coming from a news authorative perspective. And it kind of feels like a call out video. Like, this guy is talking about how you don't need to eat carbs. It's crazy. Like, what is he talking about? I decided to delve into this topic and do some research. Turns out this guy is a celebrity trainer who's gained a massive following for challenging mainstream advice. He claims that what we've been told about weight loss is wrong. Completely wrong. And you know what makes a lot of sense when you listen to what he has to say. So that's the first time in which he validates the person he's talking about. But everything through that first 28 seconds was contrarian hooks. Contrarian takes over and over again. Celebrities don't cut carbs. That ain't how you lose weight. I don't do that. None of my clients do that. Nobody that has ever asked me how to lose weight have I ever told them to do that because it simply just doesn't work. For anyone who doesn't know their metabolic type, listen up. >> The fastest way to burn fat and get shredded is not keto. It's not paleo. It's not carnivore. It's not vegan. >> Note that this creative is just going very very hard on contrarian takes. It's pretty much the entire strategy of this whole ad is like how do we put as many contrarian takes in here as possible to continue to string people along as we kind of educate and we kind of hint towards that we have our own system and then eventually we obviously bridge into that system. So, they're creating a curiosity gap through this whole thing, okay? If no one needs to cut carbs, then what is the actual solution? >> And it's definitely not super intense exercises like this. Cuz listen, if you're trying to get in shape, and I don't care what it's for, a wedding, vacation, summer, don't care. If you're trying to get in shape fast, you need to follow a plan for your body type. And there is a very simple breakdown of body types. There's three body types. Uh you have the skinny person who's trying to put on muscle. Then you have someone who's kind of in the middle, maybe has a little bit too much fat. >> Turn's going to go into the educational piece. It's effectively going to sell his system and the way that he views weight loss and body types and programming, etc. This is such a good ad. In the last 5 days, it's got 2,000 likes. Let's break down exactly why you hop on chess is opens with a contrarian hook and obviously the visuals pull you in. What I would say if I was a caveman that wasn't aware of all the way >> builds contrast and then goes into an educational pace that you can boost it naturally being low tea can be caused by many >> switches over to a different format which is the faceless format which is better inducive to education particularly on organic and we're trying to make this ad feel organic high stress vitamin deficiencies not enough fat in your diet not enough good sleep microplastics high estrogen high inflammation it's become a serious problem for young men who often feel like there's only one solution after. So notice they'll problem agitate and then they'll educate. Problem agitate then educate. So there's all the problems. Here's the solution. This isn't the solution for you. Goes back into problems. After all, global testosterone levels have dropped over 30% in the last 50 years. Young, fit, healthy. >> So there's the education and then here's the problem agitation. >> Guys will have the testosterone of a 70-year-old that has never seen the inside of a gym in their life. It's a grim side effect of our modern society with low tests taking away the feeling of being a real man. A consequence of this is a wave of young men, even teenagers hopping on TRT out of desperation and because they don't want to fall behind. But injecting tests is a minefield of side effects. Rapid hair loss, high estrogen causing gyno mood swing, objection handling around the core premise of the hook, which was injecting test. And so now he's explaining why that's not a good idea. infertility and acne, not to mention a big ass needle injected multiple times a week. In amongst this chaos, how do I, a lifetime natural, have more testosterone than most guys running cycles. Whilst I'm dled with my sleep, training, recovery, and diet, so are many guys who are low tea. However, my secret weapon is a natty plus ultimate. And there you go. There's the product. So, the product's been introduced after about a minute and a half into the creative, which is why it's done so well. It's why it's scaling so well. It's on an influencer profile. People know this influencer. it's likely prioritizing getting served to his own audience. And so when people are watching this, they're not knowing it's an ad. They're thinking it's educational. And honestly, it's a great educational piece. It goes into everything you need to know about testosterone and why you would want to get behind and buy this product. And it does it in a way that's very entertaining. It's fast cut. It's constantly changing formats. It's built native for the platform, which is why it's scaling so well. One important PSA here is DPAs. Okay, DPAs, dynamic product ads. Those are the carousel ads that will dynamically pull in the product that someone visited on the website as long as your pixel is set up correctly, pushing back in data on which pages were viewed. DPAs cause a death spiral in a lot of brands. I see this in fashion particularly, uh, which is that DPA have really good attributed rorowaz. The rorowaz number is very high. Now, the rorowaz actually isn't very high. Once you delineate out existing customers, so if you remove existing customers, it drops precipitously. And then you also want to delineate the attribution model down to incremental attribution. And so you can do this by clicking on the breakdown button in the top actually sorry you click on the columns button compare attribution settings incremental attribution apply and then you will get a split out of what the incremental rorowaz is on the ad. A quick lesson on how incremental attribution works is that every single day meta is targeting let's say 10,000 people in this square. It will hold out 10% of users and it will look at these people that didn't see your ads. How many of them converted? Let's say 1% of them converted. Over here, the people that do see your ads, 2% of them convert. Okay, great. Well, we can do what's called in data science is a difference in difference calculation, which is simply minusing the control versus the treatment. This equals 1%. So, your ads are actually having a 1% impact, not a 2%. And so when we see a five rorowaz on that DPA, let's say as an example, we actually need to adjust that down by 50% to 2.5. So that's what incremental attribution is doing. That's what it's going to show you on the rorowaz here. And the rorowaz on your DPA is going to be way lower than you think it is, particularly on new audiences. I am still yet to see an ad account where this is a great scalable ad type on cold audiences. Now, is it an ad type that can work on cold audiences? For sure. Can you spend $1,000 a day on it? For sure, we have some ad accounts that do. Can you spend $50,000 a day on it? Absolutely not. Like, you just can't scale DPAs that well on cold audiences. Most people are way overspending because the rorowaz number looks good. So, just be super careful cuz what ends up happening there is because DPA sit at the bottom of the funnel down here is that people start reallocating their budgets from these topfunnel efforts that have bad return on ad spends and they just start moving budget down here. And when you start moving budget down here, you start losing the quantity of users that are coming through from the top of funnel and you start scaling something that isn't scalable and the whole funnel topples over and return on ad spend declines and everything goes poorly. So in fact, when you're thinking about funnel budget allocation, you want to be thinking about 70 to 90% of budget going towards top of funnel. You want 20%ish of budget going to middle of funnel. And then you want really like 5 to 10% of budget going to bottom of funnel. There's actually a better way to calculate bottom of funnel budgeting which I'm going to show you later in the video, but this is rough split on how it should look. Now, what's interesting these days is that you used to do this through campaign structure. So, you would have your top ofunnel ads and you would just set your budget here, you'd have your middle of funnel, you'd set your budget here, and then you'd have your bottom bottom of funnel. Uh the issue right now is there actually is a lack of campaign structure. You shouldn't be structuring like this. You should just consolidate these down and you might be able to have a bottom of funnel that sits separate. And so because of that, the actual budget allocation is coming from the creative production volume. And so you want 70 to 90% of the volume of assets you make to be at the high stages of awareness. And you want 20% of them to be at the middle to bottom of funnel stages of awareness. So this is more so a percentage allocation of creative production than it is a percentage allocation of budgets across a campaign structure. I would say one of the most underutilized formats in 2026 is partnership ads. Now, I think people are catching on to this actually and the arbitrage is probably coming towards its end. So, by the time you watch this video, if you're way into the future, this might not be the case anymore. You might have missed it. But partnership ads, what they are is they run through the creators profile. So, you'll have your profile here. So, your company name on the top of the post, and then you'll have and and then the influencers profile right here. Now, these days, there's actually a setting that allows them to change the combinations. And so, sometimes you'll just see the company, sometimes you'll just see the influencer, sometimes you'll see both. and it will split test and decide on whatever the best mix is. But the reason why these ads do so well is that the targeting uses the audience on both handles. And so if this is an influencer that's actually somewhat contextually relevant to your target demographic, which I hope it is, this ad will go and reach their audience and it will use their audience data to find new people. And so you're effectively leveraging the influencers's audience to help in your targeting on cold, not even just targeting on warm. And that's why they end up doing so well. They also feel super authentic. When you get an ad from a uh influencer profile like this, it doesn't feel as much so like an ad. So, it doesn't feel like you're getting sold to. So, when you're getting an organic piece of content, it resonates better. In some accounts that we're working on, we have ad spend up to 40% of total account spend running through partnership or collaborator ads. And so, this is a really important thing that you should have in your account. If you were not running them, you were just at a disadvantage to competitors. All right. So, going into the testing framework and how this then translates into the ad account. This is what the testing cycle looks like which is that you build a hypothesis which is you define what you're actually testing. So when we're introducing new creative generally the test is the concept and particularly one of those four variables that we're changing in the then we want to build a bunch of ads under that concept. One big mistake that a lot of people make is that they come up with a concept, they build it all out, it looks amazing and then they make one ad or they make two ads or they make three ads. Really, if you want to test a concept properly, you want at least 10 plus ads, considering that most people's hit rates in their account are around about 5%. And so, technically speaking, if you have a new concept coming in, you would need to do, if you had a 5% hit rate, you'd need to do at least 20 ads to expect a winner. And so, thinking about your hit rate in the account as a function of how much volume you need to do to be able to validate the hypothesis is critical. Then, you want to go and launch, and I'm going to show you with the exact structure that you should launch into. You then want to go and analyze particularly against the hypothesis. So what did we expect? What how much spend did we want to go through? How many conversions do we expect? What was the ROI? And then how did that compare? If it worked, we want to be looking at how we can employ strategies to scale. And then we want to go down and iterate. And this iteration process gets faster and faster the bigger your ad spend. So now when we think about account structure and introducing tests into the account, this is where there becomes a lot of flexibility. And this is where we prefer not to actually make broad sweeping account structure recommendations because the fundamentals of account structure is that the complexity of the ad account should be a product of the complexity of the business. And so if you run a startup that's doing $10,000 a month in revenue and you have one product and you have one persona that you're trying to crack, the account structure should be unbelievably simple. You don't need a hundred different campaigns. On the other hand, if you're an $800 million fashion retailer with 50 new SKUs coming out per week and you have all of these different business units and regions within the business, well, the ad account's probably going to be pretty complex because it needs to match that complexity in some degree so that we can align the commercial goals of the business with the structure that is being run in the ad account. And so the structure I'm about to give you is a very broad sweeping this will work if you're a small to midsize business, but it's probably not exactly what you should run right now or moving into the future as it will likely evolve as the business dynamics evolve. But to keep it simple, you generally want a testing campaign. Now, whether this is an or a CBO is honestly going to come down to personal preference, and I'll tell you how to think about this problem in a moment. But then underlying this, you have your concepts at the adset level. So this is concept one, this is concept two, this is concept three, etc., etc. Now, you're either setting budgets across these manually using an or the CBO is just going to distribute budget. Under here, you're going to have all your ads. A common question I get is, well, okay, we go and put four ads or five ads under here. How many ads should we launch? And when we come up with new ads for this concept, do we launch it in here or do we launch a new ad set? Which is both really good questions. In terms of ad volume, this is really open based on budgets, but you generally want a minimum of three ads and then a maximum of probably 50 to 100, but honestly, the limit is kind of the sky based on your ad spend. And so, I wouldn't really be thinking about upper funnel uh upper limits. I would just be thinking about lower limits, which is a minimum of three. When you then want to go and introduce more ads, this is based on whether you're hitting KPI. So what is going to happen when you introduce more ads under this ads set is you are going to reset the learning phase to some degree because there is sequencing that is occurring across all of these different creative and then when you go and launch more ads in here you disrupts the sequencing and it relearns how to distribute spend. Now that is not good if the adset's performing well. If this adset is crushing it and you're really happy with it and you're scaling it up, don't go and mess with the learning phase. Don't go and inject a bunch of new ads. you might mess the performance up. And I've actually personally done this years ago. And so that's why I'm very big on not touching stuff that's working. If it's not hitting KPI, and this is way underperforming, go for your life. Do whatever you want. You can turn ads off. It doesn't matter cuz yes, you're going to break some sequencing, but the sequencing isn't working. So, who cares? Go and launch as many ads as you want in here, right? Do whatever you want cuz it's not a KPI. So, you need to change something. But if things are working, definitely don't go and launch more ads in here. If you go and make more ads for this concept, let's say the concept's crashing it, so you go and make 20 more ads, go and launch another ad set, right? And call it concept one and then like shoot two or obviously whatever naming convention you want to use to be able to clarify the difference between these, but then also be able to filter that they are the same concept. Now the question becomes, well, how do you scale? Let's say concept one is performing well. What do we do? Well, number one, increase budgets. Never turn this off. A big mistake that people make is they take something that's winning and they turn it off and they go and launch it in like a scaling campaign. There's such a rookie mistake just fundamentally speaking because if something works, don't touch it. Leave it. Increase the budget. Now, in addition to that, sure, you can take these post IDs and you can wrap them around into a scaling campaign. That's fine. And that will work. It works in a lot of accounts. We run scaling campaigns in a lot of accounts. A lot of accounts, we don't run scaling campaigns. Once again, it's dependent on the actual ad account in the business. You can run a scaling campaign. You can take these, you can post them over here. If it doesn't work, don't do it. Just keep it in the testing. And then next to these two, the only third campaign that I would usually recommend is to have a retargeting campaign that is generally on existing customers. So it gives you the ability to exclude existing customers from here and exclude existing customers from here. So these can purely be called and that allows you to control budgets. Depending on how long the customer journey is as well, you might want an adset here on 90-day website visitors as a midfunnel. But this is only if you think that you need to increase frequency on engaged audiences. Now, what are the metrics that matter for being able to measure the performance of creative? Let's list them out in order of reliability. Number one is amount spent. Now, this is counterintuitive. A lot of people look at this and go, why would budget distribution to an ad be the most important proxy for performance over extended time periods? And the reason being is due to the sequencing that we talked about before, right? So, if you have a bunch of different ads, attribution is only going to go to the last ad. So, if we use rorowaz as the primary KPI, we're going to miss the fact that Meta is actually putting all your budget here. Why when this only has a 1.7 and this has a 2.2, why would all the budget go here? Probably because this ad is causing purchases elsewhere in the account. And so, this is actually a great topfunnel asset that likely has a low frequency that's cutting through on new audiences. And so, if you're going to look at these three ads, I would say that this is the highest performer if it has double the spend of the other ones. Even though this is a higher row, sure, but if this could scale, it would have more spend in it. and it doesn't. And so amount spent becomes the best proxy for performance when looking at creative. Number two, sure, is rorowaz or CPA. You just want to be making sure you're looking at 7-day click or incremental attribution. Number three is going to be CPC and CTRs. This is a leading indicator for the effectiveness of the ad. Obviously, you can have good CTRs and good CPCs, but the conversion rate of the ad can suck and it's not a good ad. And so this obviously isn't a primary indicator of the quality of a creative. That is where you have to use multiple different metrics in conjunction to be able to assess quality. Um but it is a good leading indicator particularly on the fringes. So like if we look at CPCs as an example and let's say this is what your CPCs on average look like across all of your ads. If above this point is, let's say, a $3 CPC, and none of these ads have ever been profitable, well, we can use this as a leading indicator to know that these ads at very early spend will actually never work cuz it's too expensive to drive traffic. The next two are hook rates and hold rates. These only apply to video assets, obviously, because the hook rate is how many people make it past 3 seconds in the video. And the hold rate, there's different definitions of hold rate. We actually look at a lot of different definitions in our reporting, but as a generalization, this is how many people make it past 15 seconds. Obviously, hook rates and hold rates are not correlated to conversion performance, but they are a diagnostic tool that allows us to iterate on creative based on what we think is letting us down. And so, we may have a creative that we thought was going to do really well, but the hook rate is terrible against our average. And so, we try to switch the hook out to try to fix that to see if the body actually performs. Same thing applies to hold rate. People might not be holding through the bridge. Turns out the bridge was actually done poorly. So we redo that part of the video and then we can iterate accordingly. So before I said I would explain verse CBO and the risk profile here. So the reason why you would choose one over the other is actually based on risk tolerance. So what happens when you use CBO is that it's going to play in to Prito's principle. This applies literally everywhere I've ever seen it which is that 80% of something will drive will be driven from 20%. So this applies into companies where 20% of people will drive 80% of revenue generation. This applies into the ad account which is that 20% of ads will drive 80% of revenue. 20% of ads will hold 80% of revenue. Crazy thing about parto's principle is that it compounds in on itself. And you see this within every single data set I have done on ad accounts breaking down their ad profile which is that of this 80% 80% of this which comes out to 64% of total is driven by 20% of this which this comes out to 4%. So 4% of ads will hold about 64% of total spend and total revenue generation within the business. Now CBOS play into Pareto's principle. And what that means is that if you just allow the campaign to distribute budgets however it wants, it will naturally end up distributing budgets like this where majority of all of your budget in the account will go to 4% of your ads. Now that's fine cuz that's going to yield the best efficiency and performance. But it is super risky because if these ads fatigue, you are in a very bad position. You don't have backups. If we go back to the start of the video, which is portfolio management, CBOS are terrible for portfolio management, okay? Because you're going to overlever into a few ads. This also becomes an issue when you want to control sell through rates across multiple different products. And so you might have a large product portfolio that all sit under the one CBO and then all of the spend just goes to a few particular products because Purto's principle applies into a product level as well. 20% of products will drive 80% of revenue and so your entire business will end up skewing and increasing the risk profile which you might be fine with but that's the trade-off that you have to make. So when you think about these two CBO is increased risk but likely increased ROI. This is decreased risk but likely slightly lower ROI. And it depends on which position you want to be in. I personally, if I'm running the business, I actually choose this every day of the week dependent on like what season and where you are in the business. And so there are periods in time in which I would actually switch over to CBO if I need a quick spike in efficiency. Efficiency is isn't where we need it to be. I don't care about testing and de-risking right now. We just need ROI to come through. But then ideally you want to be in a steady state over here where the business is derised across more ads across more products and a lot more stuff is working so that if something stops working you aren't in a terrible position. Uh this next point I'm particularly calling out cuz we work with a lot of nine figure large retailers here in Australia and if any of them are watching then they'll know that this problem exists which is that in a lot of large retailers who a lot of my audits are spent on there is this 9010 problem with desire versus painpointled content. And this fundamentally comes from old style marketing which is campaign shoots. And so a lot of these large uh retailers in fashion or whatever industry it is, they were built around campaign shoots. And campaign shoots do one thing and that is that they build desire. And so they have models, they have shots that make you want to desire having the product, but they don't play to pain points at all. And so you end up with the ad account being significantly overweighted towards desire rather than towards pain. And at the end of the day, the best performance marketing assets are those that sit on paint. And so I would strongly recommend looking at your current creative mix through this lens and thinking about how do we actually start to shift this ratio over to 60/40. Now I personally think that the best brands are probably closer to 7030 here. And you can almost think of this in a way of like this is performance marketing driven assets. This is branding driven assets. Now, one last thing in the testing framework is assets for retargeting. So, how should you be thinking about retargeting ads on bottom of funnel? This is something I've been saying for a very long time. This is probably one of my first YouTube videos that we put out, which is that on your bottom ofunnel retargeting campaigns, you want to think about objection handling. This is the primary purpose of a product ad. And you can think about this mathematically, which is that let's say you have a 5% conversion rate on the website. That means that 95% of people did not buy. Now the question is why didn't these people buy? What were their objections? Maybe 20% of them had a price objection. It was just price too high. They never will buy at that particular price. Now they might buy in the future when you're on sale, but right now they won't buy. 20% of people don't trust the brand. There wasn't enough trust credibility markers on the website or the ads that they particularly saw to reinforce them to actually purchase the product. 20% don't like the quality. They think the quality is probably going to be bad. Now, this is arguably a trust issue, but these are really two different things and they should be come at in two different ways. And then maybe another 20% of people are just not ready to buy yet. Okay? So, it's too soon. Was the first ad they've seen, it was the first ad they've clicked on, they just need a little bit more time to purchase. So, we want to understand this mix. We want to understand why people aren't buying. And then we want to handle all of these objections in our bottom of funnel creative. And so on the price objection, we want to be showing discounts. We want to be value anchoring. We want to even going for a creative that's like a cost per use angle. These actually crush on bottom of funnel. So if you're selling like a supplement, you compare it to a coffee, it's like half the price of a coffee with the same caffeine, etc., etc. If they don't trust the brand, we want to come in with social proofing. How many customers do we have? How many fivestar reviews do we have? Do we have any user generated content testimonials that we could use here? if they're doubting the quality of the product. We want to show UGC of the product actually in use. We want before and afters. We want demonstrations and if it's simply too soon for them to buy yet, we want to be staying present and top of mind with educational or lifestyle content. And then this is what the mix should be in all of our bottom of funnel assets. And this is how you ultimately yield strong conversion rates once people have been moved through the funnel. The question is, does diversity or volume matter more when it comes to creative? So you want to be thinking through volume through this hierarchy, which is that volume matters the most, then concept quality, then hook strength, then editing quality, then UGC talent, then storytelling all the way down the bottom. Now, it's not to say that any of these components aren't important, but it's the fact that volume ends up creating quality and hit rates are limited within an ad account. And so a way to conceptualize through this idea is that if you take the best creative strategist, you can pull 10 of them out of 10 different businesses and you can show them five ads that are all objectively good creative and you tell them which of these five was the winner. Which one produced the most spend or the most return? None of them will be able to guess it. It will just be a complete guessing game. They'll assign reasons as to why they believe this creative is better than the other ones. might have been due to the concept quality, might have been due to the hook. But the reality is is that people are not very good at guessing the top end level of creative performance. And so instead, you want to understand where the bar of quality is and just ensure that ads are reaching that standard. And so if all of these five ads sit above this bar of quality, and we could objectively say that this is a seven out of 10. So if an ad is better than a seven out of 10, it meets that bar and it is indistinguishable from any other creative in being able to try to guess its performance. Where you end up dying in creative strategy is trying to win the game of understanding which ads will perform well at a high level. No one is able to objectively do this well. I've never seen anyone be able to pick winners. And so you instead want to become very good at understanding what is the minimum bar of quality. What does a good ad look like? And then how do we reach that level of quality and then maximize volume above it where people get volume completely wrong and the example that I gave way back at the start which was people were misunderstanding activity for creative strategy is that they were putting tons of ads into the account but they didn't have an understanding internally of what the bar of 7 out of 10 actually looks like. And so when you go and do an ad breakdown of all the creatives that they were putting into the account which was thousands a month the ads just weren't very good. They didn't have any of the elements of a good concept. They didn't have any of the elements of a good hook. They didn't have any of the elements of formats that were relevant to the stage of awareness of the creative that they were trying to produce. And so because of that, yes, they put tons of volume in the account. Yes, they followed this hierarchy, the most important thing on it. But it was just junk volume. It was just a bunch of ads that aren't even good. And so instead, you need to focus your efforts on how do we understand where the bar is, then how do we maximize volume, and then how do we start steping down through all of the different priorities to create a good ad. The question off the back of this then becomes, okay, well, how much volume do we actually need then? And there's a really easy, simple answer which I'll give to you. And then there's a more complicated answer that you'd have to go and build a financial model out for. And if you're an e-commerce brand, uh, we'll give it to you completely for free. We'll put the link in the YouTube description below. So, the simple answer is for every $1,000 in monthly spend, you want one new ad. And so, if you're spending 30K a month, 30 new ads. 50K a month, 50 new ads. Now this is in AUD also translate this into USD roughly that ad volume is fine. Now the better way to do this is to back propagate based on hit rates and expected spend per ad. So what you can do is you can calculate the average spend of an ad. So if you know that across the last year of ads you've launched let's say 500 ads and you've spent $500,000. Well then each ad here on average spent $1,000. Now, if you know the average return of an ad, which you could look at either your acquisition me, which is new customer revenue divided by ad spend in the business, or you could just look at rorowaz, but if you're going to look at this, look at it on a 7-day click basis. And let's say your average rorowaz is a three and you've got $1,000 in mean spend. Well, then we know that the average return or you could call this the expected value if we're using probabilistic math is then $3,000 in revenue. So every time we launch an ad, we should expect on average on a larger data set that we generate $3,000 in revenue. So then we can start to back propagate this into our actual revenue targets. Now more specifically, I would actually delineate this down into new customer revenue to be specific to acquisition. So, if you have a 300K monthly new customer revenue target, you take 300K, you divide by your 3,000. 100 creatives per month are required. Now, there's a few nice things about this. Number one, you can flex the actual volume of creative in conjunction with spend, which is what you should be doing. As you go through the year and your forecast changes in terms of expected new customer revenue, your creative volume should flex accordingly. So this should be exactly what your revenue looks like, but also what your creative volume looks like. Now, there are two disadvantages to this simplified model, which is that number one, it doesn't take into consideration the average time of an ad spending. And so these ads might generate $3,000 in revenue, but it might take 4 months. And so that needs to be factored in because obviously volume needs to be a lot higher then. And it also doesn't factor in the difference between a winner and a loser. If you got 100 losing ads this month, you will generate barely any revenue. If you got a 100 winners, you'll generate like multiple millions in new customer revenue. And so, you need to forecast losing ads versus winning ads separately. And then you need to add the time component. We've built a model that does all of this. Once again, if you're an ecom brand and you want it, you can click the link in the description, uh, fill out the form, we'll send it out to you. Now, when we're thinking through creative budget, how much budget should go towards production versus actual distribution of the assets, if you're at 4 to 30k a month in spend level, there is no reason as to why your content shouldn't be super founderled and the actual budget here on production is your time rather than money because you really don't need to go and pay for production on this kind of spend level. This can all be done literally through statics in most businesses, but even just founderled videos can get you to 30K a month in spend easily. And honestly, I would challenge that the founder of a business at this size should be creating content because content and creative is the largest lever that exists within the business. And so understanding what good looks like, what good creative looks like, getting an understanding for how to piece it together, what the editing process looks like, what the ideation process looks like gives you the ability to then KPI and train people moving forward on one of the most critical roles in the business. As you then move into 30 to 100K per month in ad spend, you want to be thinking of allocating 25% of media budget towards production. So at 100K a month, that's 25K a month into creative production. This is way more than like 99% of brands are actually spending. And that's also one of the reasons why brands don't actually scale and do that well. It's because they significantly underweight the allocation that needs to go into their media budget. Now, this is an uncomfortable range because the cost of production is so high excessive to the scale of the business right now that it feels off. It feels like this is too high. But it does democratize as you achieve more scale. Once you crack through 100K plus, this percentage really should asmmotope down to around about 10% of media budget. And so as a function of revenue in the business, let's say that you're at a 25% ME, 10% of this would therefore be 2.5% of total revenue in the business. So 2.5% of total revenue should be going towards media budget. This kind of spend allocation allows diversity in the creative that you're putting in. This is enough budget to have UGC going into the account to have partnership ads going into the account to have a full-time either international designer or someone part-time uh in house on statics and it can likely support a lowcost uh agency in some capacity to supplement with another creative type in here as well. Maybe it's VSSLs or something. I'll give you a real example of a client that unfortunately we had to part ways with about uh 6 to 8 months ago because we couldn't get this concept across to them. And this is why I stress this so much in a lot of content that we put out now. And it's really important that people understand this particularly through the initial discussions when they start talking with us because we really don't want to onboard brands that aren't across this concept. So this brand was spending 350k per month on Meta when they started working with us. Their CAC was declining pretty steadily over the course of the last 2 years. Now, they only had about 15 ads live within the account on a 350K a month spend, which is crazy. And so, right out of the gates, we made a bunch of media buying changes. The account was super oversegmented. The previous media buyer was doing so much over-the-top stuff because he didn't have anything to work with from an ad and creative perspective. And so, when you don't have anything that you can do on creative, what do you do? Well, you go to the next thing, and that's let's create 25 different campaigns. let's use big caps, cost caps, let's try everything to try to squeeze these 15 ads, which ultimately isn't the lever that's going to double this business. And so when we did the audit, we identified this as the bottleneck. And what we did immediately is as we came in, we went and took all old performers and started relaunching and reworking them a little bit. Even though at the time we weren't doing creative production in house, we just threw this on top cuz we knew that this was the limiter and that we had to get this done. So we took the ad account up to about 60 ads. Nowhere near where it needs to be, but this is all we could do. in terms of high quality assets that have been turned off in the past. Now, what the results ended up being for this brand is we actually turned them around, which was one of the most insane case studies that we've done cuz we did it with no new creative and we actually took them from 350K a month in spend, we increased their spend by about another 40K and we decreased their CAC by about 20 to 30%. And so, new customer revenue expansion off the top of my head, and there's a case study out there on this somewhere, I think it was about like 28%. And so we were able to turn this brand around substantially because of this. Now the issue was that this founder was very much so of the opinion that this spend on meta is a revenue driver. Any spend towards creative production is a cost center. And so because of that they refused to do any more creative production. We introed to multiple agencies. They went and chatted to them. Uh they actually signed on and then pulled out a of a lot of those deals. And so we weren't able to get any more ads, any more creative. And so because of that, there's only so far that you can push media buying over time. And so performance started to come down. And then as performance started to trickle down due to these 60 ads fatiguing, ads started to need to be turned off. Spend started getting distributed away from them. And the account slowly fell back to what it was previously. Now, the proposition that we put forward to this brand well before any of that happened was that if you took just $10,000 of this budget, just 10K out of it, and you decreased from Meta and you moved it over to creative production, this could get us with an agency that we were talking to about 40 assets. Not all unique, some were just hook swap, some were statics, but it would give us 40 assets. This would allow us to almost double the amount of active ads in the account, which would likely unlock at least a 5% improvement in efficiency. Now, a 5% improvement in efficiency on 350K is the equivalent of times 2.5 a 17.5K saving. So, we could either drop 17.5K out of this budget, which we already did. We dropped 10, so we've effectively made 7 12 grand. or we could keep the budget where it is and this would provide us with an incremental 3x was their return at the time on this. So we would make an extra 40 to 50k a month. And so you would actually get revenue expansion in this business by keeping spend the same but redistributing it over to production. It's a similar concept to just changing between channels but instead of it being a channel it's creative with an output. But unfortunately this founder was very set on the fact that they didn't need new creative that we could just repurpose these existing assets and that would continue the business going. And this all definitely could have been fixed well ahead of time simply through a slight allocation of this budget over into production. So definitely avoid being that brand that sees creative as a cost center rather than a revenue driver. Now one last tactical piece of advice here that applies right now as of April 2026. This might change as the algorithms change. This might not apply into the future. But one of the best ways to quickly test high volume of assets right now, we actually do this on all of our own ads, is that you post them as trial reels and you cut the CTA off. So if there's a call to action at the end, cut the call to action out, throw it up as a trial reel on the business page that's going to run through or the personal page that's going to run through. And then what you will get back is two things. Number one, you'll see how viral does the post actually go. Does it get any views? Does it not? So you're going to have comparative data. But number two, you're also going to get retention graphs, which is going to show you how you've retained viewers throughout the ad. Now, the retention graph is going to show you, was the hook bad, was the bridge bad, was the body bad. And this lets you iterate quickly on the next shoot without needing to actually push the ad straight into the ad manager. And you can do this before it's perfected. So, if there's some issues with the captions or there's some stuff that isn't great and it needs to go in for another round, you can just take the V1, throw it as a trial reel, cut the call to action off in app and get feedback while that round two version is actually getting worked on. And then you could pass even more feedback on during that round two within 24 hours before you've even got the final asset. And so, we found this is a really effective way to take bulk amounts of creative and quickly test particularly on hook variations as well. So we can take like 20 hook variations, throw it up as trial reels, what hooks actually perform the best, and then only put five ads into the account rather than wasting 20 ads and spending money on trying to figure it out. So now we move into creative fatigue. So there's two concepts to understand with creative fatigue. Number one is the two reasons why creatives fatigue. And the other concept is to understand the maximum spend threshold of an ad over time. So when you think about launching an ad and on the y- axis we'll put spend and on the x- axis we have time. You launch the ad, it does well. And so one of two things happen. Either you start manually spending more on it, so you start increasing budgets, or Meta will go and automatically distribute spend to it. And so spend goes up and up and up and up. Eventually, there will be a limit in how much daily spend that ad can hold. You'll reach that limit. You'll probably go past it. You'll correct. And then you'll find the maximum daily spend limit of the ad. Let's say it's at like $500 a day or $1,000 a day. From there, this ad will continue spending moving forward in time. It will eventually start fatiguing. It will start falling off. You'll either start pulling budgets or the CBO will pull budgets out of it and then eventually you will just turn it off entirely or Meta will stop distributing spend. Now, this area under the curve here is the total spend capacity of the ad. So, you can go and do derivative math and just get an understanding of how much area there is there and you will have total spend capacity. Now, what's important to understand is number one, every ad has a total spend capacity. Every ad will fatigue. Every ad will get turned off. Number two is you can change what this graph looks like over time. And so, if you want, you can squeeze ads harder in the short term, but they will fatigue faster. And so, you could take this ad all the way up to here in daily spend, but it just means it's probably going to fatigue and be turned off here. Or you could go even more aggressive and you could actually launch it at a high budget, take it way up, but then it's going to fall off. Or you could obviously do the opposite and you could under portfolio management theory, which is what we did at the start, is that you actually just want to introduce this ad but keep it at $100 a day and you'd rather have it live for 6 months than die off within 6 weeks. Now, this is ultimately more so going to be a product of the inventory constraint and demand within the business. So if you have a lot of inventory that you need to sell through for the current profitability position in that month, then obviously you should go with option one here and just squeeze the winning ad to sell through as much product as possible even if it's at a degraded me. On the other hand, if you don't have much inventory um or if you're waiting for more inventory to happen or if you're growing too quickly that your cash conversion cycle can't actually uh keep up with the growth rate, well then why would you do this? This would be a ridiculous decision. you would instead want to operate at higher efficiency and let the ad breathe for 6 months. However, if you're working with an agency, they don't have any of that wider context within the business unless they're asking for it, unless you're actively giving it to them. And so, they will see an ad that's winning and they will go, let's squeeze the hell out of it because of two things. Number one, we just started working with this brand and this will give us a great 30 to 90day case study. And number two is, well, this is giving us the best rorowaz and we report on rorowaz or efficiency and profit and so let's do this. But the issue is it completely screws up the long-term jevity of the ad account and the business because you've over prioritized short-term gain for the long-term stability in the ad account and the inventory purchasing. So you're just going to go out of stock here and you're going to ruin a lot of what's going on. Then the two drivers of creative fatigue. Number one is the ad itself just become stale. So this is a function of it's just reached its maximum spend capacity and it will ultimately just achieve at the end of its life cycle. Um, this could also be just a function of the ad has the same visuals, it has the same concepts, it's targeting the same audience as the other creatives in the account. And so you'll get much more faster fatigue because you're targeting the same audience with the same value propositions. The second reason ads fatigue is that the audience is actually just too small. When we went through the persona component of uh this video, we talked about how specificity in the persona is critical to being able to script a better ad that resonates with a very specific target demographic. This is also going to generate way better results because you're talking to a few people rather than a lot. Making very good top offunnel unaware ads is incredibly difficult. The skill ceiling is very high. Most people shouldn't try to do it unless you're already a $50 million plus brand. Now with that, if you speak to a very small persona, there is obviously going to be a maximum daily spend capacity that you can spend talking to that persona. And so if we go back to the example before of men trying to run sub 4-hour marathons that have gone to the gym, that are trying to cut 5 minutes off their time using creatine. Very specific target demographic. Now, there's still a lot of people there. A lot of people are trying to run marathons and trying to run sub4, but you're not going to be able to spend, particularly in the Australian market, $10,000 a day on that creative. It's just not going to happen. And so, you need to find out what the spend capacity is, keep it there, rotating creative so that once these fatigue, we can continue to hit that audience over and over again because that is an audience that churns, which is really important. So, people will enter into that audience, then run a marathon and enter out of it. So there's constantly new people coming in that we can continue to saturate. But we don't want to oversaturate, over prioritize, overspend, drive up frequency, and then just ruin the profitability of us targeting this audience altogether. Now, an obvious key learning here is that broader audiences will scale much further. And so if you have a top offunnel unaware ad that speaks to a much larger TAM total addressable market, you will obviously be able to spend a lot more money on that. In a B2B context, an example of this is that if I have a persona call out at the front of one of our ads that says e-commerce CFOs in Australia owning over $und00 million a year in your business, that is such a tiny pool. There's like how many people fit that particular persona in Australia? It's probably a thousand, maybe 2,000. And so because of that, when I go and put that ad in market, I can't spend a lot on that ad. There would be no point in me going and putting $10,000 a day behind that creative because I would then just be hitting the thousand people like 600 times a day. Makes no sense. But then if I expand the persona call out to e-commerce founders earning over 100k a year, well then that's a much larger target demographic. So the daily spend capacity improves. Now does that mean I should just do broad callouts? Absolutely not. Because broad callouts means you have to have better creative that resonates with more people. And so you're actually better off having the more specific persona call outs that force you to create better assets and then move into broader audiences once you hit a particular scale. In terms of tactical things that you can do when creatives fatigue, there are changes that you can make. Number one is you can make iterations. And so you can take an asset that's already done well, which I mentioned before, a hero ad that started to fatigue, and you can just rotate new hooks on, and you'll be able to get more spend through that asset. Number two is you can move the ads over into a cost cap campaign and you can try to get more spend through here. Now, this will also work. It will fatigue the creative faster and it's a short-term tactical media buying strategy. It's not something that's really going to materially change the business. Number three, you could go and duplicate adsets. It's not something that I would recommend. I'm not even going to go and put it down here. I know it's something that people still argue works. I think it's too tacky as a medium buying strategy. It used to work back in the day and I could explain the concept as to why it works and why it doesn't now. But if it's something you want to do, you can do it, but I wouldn't recommend it. You can take the post ID of the creative so it retains all of the engagement and you can go and move that into another campaign like a scaling campaign to try to get more spend through it. This sometimes works, but once again, like this isn't going to save the account. And then you could rotate, which is kind of a variation of number one. You could rotate formats. And so if this is a video that's doing really well, you could try to translate it into an image. If it's a VSSL that's doing really well, you could try to translate it into UGC. If it's an image that's doing really well, you could try it translated into an unaware long form copy static image, which is a completely different strategy. So they're really the four options. As a creative fatigues, it is just worth noting that once a creative fatigue fatigues, there's not like a whole lot you can do about it. You know, that's why you need the portfolio management approach and you need other ads that are doing well so that you can fall back on them. There are things that you can do though just to squeeze a little bit more out of the back end of a creative, which is what these tactics are. Tying all of that back into portfolio management on accounts spending greater than 50k per month, really the job of the media buyer is portfolio management across the ads and diversifying risk here. portfolio management against the products and assuring commercial objectives within the business is aligned with what is actually occurring within the ad account. And so the 80/20 parto principles rule applies into ads. And so the question becomes, do we want this naturally occurring within the account or do we want to force back against it through introducing some structure so that we're not overleveraged on ads? Same thing applies into products. And then on commercials, this becomes are we making a balance sheet or a P&L player. And what I mean by that is that agencies will always optimize to maximize profit. Okay, the idea is how do we have the highest efficiency? How do we have the highest profit contribution? That is what they are KPIed on. But often in a lot of businesses, if you do that, if you overoptimize towards profit, you end up end up underoptimizing towards the balance sheet. And you end up in a position where you have a lot of unsold inventory sitting on the balance sheet that isn't selling through. And yes, you're making profit and yes, you are spitting out cash, but the cash gets tied up in the balance sheet quite quickly. And so you could have a P&L that says $2 million in profit, but then you have a balance sheet that has $3 million in unsold inventory. And this business is actually negative $1 million in cash because all of this cash that they produced just moved into unsold inventory. And this is fixable through paid media through the account structure. You just need to restructure the account to sell through this stock. It's not going to give you the best return. and your efficiency isn't going to be that good. You're going to have to make creatives around this stock as well, which is going to be a hard pill to swallow, but it's going to allow you to get out of this position and rebalance the business. And this is ultimately what the media buyer needs to be across. If the media buyer isn't across inventory, that is not good. Creative strategy is worthless without the production. And so, moving into creative production, teams, briefing, and the process, I want to start with the three content types. Number one is winning content replication. So this is taking your winners and replicating them in some capacity. Okay? Whether that's iterations on the hook, whether this is translating them into different formats, you're taking concepts, you're taking ideas, you're taking creatives that have already worked in the past and you're replicating on them. This is by far the highest impact content types that you can do across paid as well as organic. If you have organic content that's performing well, what most people don't do enough is just repost the same stuff, redo the same stuff over and over and over again because every single time you do it, it performs just the same, but it reaches a new audience. So, this is where a lot of your effort should go. Then you move into iterative content. This is trying to fix underperformers through changes in hooks, changes in formats. You're working on tangential creative ideas. So, if you have a concept that's working, you're making a slight change to a new persona, or you're introducing a new offer and you're trying to get it to work, this is the second highest priority, prioritized by leverage. And then down the bottom here is net new concepts. This is testing completely new formats, completely new angles, completely new concepts. You should be doing this and you should be allocating time and energy to it. How much you allocate is based on the performance up here as well as your risk profile. What I would not recommend is some people do 0% here. This is a terrible idea because all of this will eventually fatigue and fall off and you'll be in a very terrible position. So you need to constantly be finding new stuff to then flow up to the top of the funnel here. But I would say that most people actually overweight towards net new concepts. I would say that I actually do this myself in my own organic content, which is that probably 80 to 90% of the content I put out is net new. It's new concepts. It's new ideas. It's new stuff I've never spoken about before. And 10 to 20% is just the exact same stuff over and over again. And what ends up happening is all of the winning content replication always does unbelievably well, holds 80% of the views. And this stuff doesn't really work that well. It does allow for continuous winners to be pushed up here, but this is probably an overallocation. And so my recommendation generally speaking, and this is going to change contextual to the business, is that you want about 20 to 30% of effort down here. another 20 to 30% of effort down here and about 50 to 60% effort up here. Now, when it comes to briefing in creators, the key here is that the quality of the output of the creator is going to be a product of the quality of the brief. Okay? So, you want to do two things when you're sourcing creators. Number one is you want to check what they've made in the past. You want examples, and if you're not doing this, that's kind of crazy that this is kind of self-evident, but you want examples of what they've produced in the past. But not only that, this is kind of where the additional source is. Is that you go under that and you get the brief of the example that they created because that's going to give you a direct one for one comparison of how does this creator produce against a brief. Was the brief super in-depth and therefore we need to match that level? Did this creator make something amazing with a terrible brief? Okay, then we know that we can give them relatively broad strokes and they're going to pull it into something that's going to be good. Now, generally speaking, I want the highest quality, most inep in-depth brief possible. If they don't want to hold to the script, that's fine. Shoot one that's held to the script. Shoot one that feels more natural. We can choose the best. We can run them both. Um, but you really want examples and the briefs associated with those examples to be able to set yourself up for success when you're going and building out creative briefs. When it comes to building out teams around production, I've seen a lot of different teams that all produce enormous amounts of volume, but there's a few different key hires that you should think through when you're thinking about maximizing volume within a team. Uh, number one is a video editor specifically for video ads. Now, if this person can be AI native or someone that uh has built a lot of AI creatives in the past, this is even better because this just unlocks the ability to make way more assets and work with way more footage that doesn't actually exist yet. Another one is a designer for statics. Okay, now both of these can be based anywhere globally. Both of them can be part-time contractors based on actual outcome or they can be full-time within the business. Then it has a third. You want a creative strategist. Now, this is a new role that didn't really exist two to three years ago, and therefore, there aren't actually many creative strategists out there. So, what do you actually look for when hiring for this role? Well, you you look for number one, copywriters, because creative strategy is primarily copywriting. They are writing the scripts. They are writing the brief for the static image. They are ideulating on new personas. This is exactly what copywriters have been doing, except copywriters are now redundant because LLMs will just produce most of it. And so these people are coming up with the ideas and then they're moving this into a claude skill which needs to be built by you and brand purposed to then output an actual script that then goes into production. The next option is you just poach a creative strategist from somewhere else. There's enough floating around now that you can probably find one. Or the third is you actually backfill this role from a designer or a video editor. And so you train a designer or a video editor up into becoming a creative strategist. And this actually allows for faster feedback loops because they can ideulate on all the ideas and then they can design and then they can obviously brief in for any video edits. These are really the two pathways into creative strategist as it currently stands. Now, in terms of a side note here, what a lot of people will do with their creative strategist, which depending on the scale and volume that you're at, depends on whether you want to do this or not, is they will actually pay out a percentage of ad spend based on the creatives that they obviously come up with and then brief in. And so the creative strategist is directly incentivized to maximize hit rates because if their ads don't get spent and don't perform, they don't get paid. Typically, this sits at about 3% of ad spend. So you'll pay out the creative strategist on top of a base salary with a percentage variable model that is obviously directly proportional to the results within the account. Um, now I've seen this work really well on mid-size brands. When you get really big, this gets outrageous because these creative strategists end up getting paid like $80,000 a month. And so then the model kind of breaks and you end up moving away from it. A really important part of this whole component of all production is where does AI fit into the mix. When you break down the creative process end to end, you've got ideiation as step number one. You then have briefing. You then move into the actual production and then you move into the publishing into the account and ultimately the analysis process that feeds back into here on future ideation. Now, a lot of people are going and applying AI and they're building claude skills for this right here, the ideation process. This right now, at least at the time of recording, is not the place where you want to automate. Because the reality is is that all of the LLM just output the meme. And so no matter how much context you provide, no matter how much documentation you have, no matter how much you build out your skills to go and scrape Reddit and all of these different forums to come up with unique ideas, ultimately the ideation process here ends up not being strong enough to differentiate from competitors. And you still need a creative strategist to really do a lot of heavy lifting here to validate the concepting. When you then move into briefing and script writing, this is when this can be heavily leveraged with AI. That's when you want to build a clawude skill to be able to walk you through like a 20 questionnaire about who's your persona, who's the concept, who's the offer, do you want this to be long form, what stage of awareness is it at? And so you're answering all of these questions and then ultimately at the end of it, it pumps you out a script or a brief that's going to be 99% of the way there and you just have a 1% tweak. On production, there's a lot of leverage right now in AI as well. It's obviously going to speed up workflows, but in VSSLs and static image ads as well, you can pretty much get away with AI for 90% of it. Then in the analysis process, this is also where AI becomes a little bit dangerous because it won't overweight to the hierarchy of metrics that you're looking at and won't sit towards the importance of the account structure and aligning the context of the creative to the commercial objectives of the business. So there is leverage here. You can use it in analysis. We use it in analysis. uh but there was so much context required that it still misses a lot of the time and if you're using AI analysis to make core decisions within the business a lot of the time it actually misleads you in the wrong direction and so with AI application I would try to skip the outsides and really maximize throughput on the middle want to make a quick note here on content first brands which is brands that are starting with organic content first before they even touch paid I think this is the approach for 26 and 27 because it's not due to the fact that organic content outperforms paid, but it's due to the fact that organic content forces you to become good at creative, which then compounds into paid when you know how to make content that people actually want to watch. And so my recommendation to smaller founders that are watching this video is that I would be posting organically every single day. I would be getting good at figuring out what good content looks like. See what actually gains views. Look at the retention graphs. look at the share and save rates because this is ultimately going to improve your ability to make ads that are actually at a good quality. Another side note here is that when it comes to creators, you want to make sure that they're regional to where you're actually targeting. So, as an example of this, in Australia, you want Australian accents. When you go to the US and you try to translate an Australian accent into the market, it just does not perform as well. So, you need native US accents. uh UK to AU actually translates decently well, but still native accents always outperform. So, you want to make sure the creatives are native to the actual region that you're targeting. It can be the exact same script. It just has to be a local creator. And then one final recommendation when it comes to production is on copywriting. Copywriting is still one of the highest leverage skills when it comes to building out video asset scripts and also building out static images, particularly long form copy static images. There are four books on copywriting that I have read and I recommend you read all of them if you're wanting to become good at creative strategy and copywriting. Number one is Breakthrough Advertising by Eugene Schwarz. Number two is Scientific Advertising by Claude Hopkins. Number three is Oglev on Advertising by David Oggov. And then number four is influence the psychology of persuasion. If you read those four books, you will become exponentially better at being able to actually script out copy that will convert better through ads. So if we now go and put it all together, the foundation is that you want to understand how the ad platforms work. Understand that the creative is the targeting. Concept separation is what's going to allow you to reach new audiences. Then when it comes to concepts, you want to understand how to split up a concept. Start with personas, move into angles, then move into the offer. And as the final component, you want to bring in the format. Hooks drive 80% of the view through within an ad. So it's really important to spend time in optimizing that portion of the ad. And usually hook testing across multiple different videos. The three components of a hook is the visual, the copy, and the audio. You can change any three of these variables and improve performance. Then you move into the format. You want to start with the concepting first, then always move into formats. Statics are great for quick testing on new concepts, and then they can be validated and moved into videos. Statics also are incredibly underrated, and most people don't think they perform well because it's a skill issue. I have seen static image ads spend $500,000 in lifetime spend. And you want to always be careful on DPAs. DPAs are good, but they generally overspend. and the rorowaz number over inflates them. When it comes to testing, you always want to be testing one variable at a time. You want amount spent to be the best proxy for performance, then rorowaz and the tertiary metrics. And the actual structure of the ad account should be a product of the complexity of the business. When it comes to thinking through volume verse quality, you want as much volume as possible as long as it meets the bar of quality that we would classify it as a good ad. If it's a good creative, no one will be able to guess which one will win. So, put them all into the account. When ads fatigue, it's because you're either trying to push too much spend through a niche audience and it's driving up frequency, or the ad has simply reached this lifetime spend, it's falling off, and you need to diversify by thinking through portfolio management risk. When it comes to production, we ran through all of the relevant team structure that you should think through as well as the fact that you want to be putting majority of your production cost towards iteration rather than net new concept design because that's going to drive most of the performance. And then if we do one final breakdown of spend per month and the recommendations on how you should approach creative at 4 to 30k a month the founders creating the content. It can be done on an iPhone. You want it to come across natural. All the leverage is going to be in how strong the scripts are. You want to be working on three core concepts. You really don't need more than that at this scale. You just want to do these well. You want a high testing allocation. Realistically 60 to 80% of your budget is going to go towards testing because you just don't have enough spend yet to even scale winners. And then you can use trial reels as well as a hack for validating ideas. Once you move into 30 to 100k per month, you want two to three UGC creators. 25% of this spend needs to be going towards production. You're going to move into five to six concepts. You want to start branching out and d-risking. You're going to have an and then likely a scaling campaign. You're sitting at 30 to 100 new creatives per month here or you're using our creative calculator and it'll give you an exact amount. And then as a little hack at the bottom, you want to be introducing partnership ads. And then if you're at over 100K per month in ad spend, you really want a full creative team. Someone who's doing scripting. You want an editor. You want four to six creators. And you want a designer. Now, these could be part-time, but you want these resources in place so that you have the production machine in place to churn out creative. That's really what you want to be looking for at this ad spend level is you need a system that consistently produces creative on an ongoing basis. If that isn't in place, you're just constantly going to be scrambling and creative will be the bottleneck. You want at least 10% as a minimum budget going towards creative at this spend level. You want 8 to 10 active concepts within the account. You want at least 100 new assets per month based on the basic 1k per ad formula. And you want a financial model in place that's tracking your cost per asset ideally across the different sources. So, how much is these creator pieces costing you? And then what is the average profit contribution per ad on these creators? So we can start to see if the cost per asset of these different content types is actually worth it. And you want to be tracking ROI at an individual ad level based on ad spend against the cost of production. For most people right now, creative is the constraint on meta. You don't know what good looks like until you start doing volume, building out concepts, scripting, getting ads in the account, and beginning that feedback loop. So, as a wrap-up, if you're a performance marketer and you have at least 2 years experience, please reach out to us in the description below. We're always hiring. And if you're an e-commerce brand or a retail business doing at least 5 to$10 million a year at a minimum, you can also click below or reach out to us and we'll do a completely free audit where everything that you've learned in this video, we will actually translate directly into the ads that you're running directly into your ad account. We'll pick it apart so that you can know how to unlock the current bottleneck that's stopping you from growing. And also please subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ArunVasishta-w5w [2 likes]: Okay, I still think most free value comments here are bots, but this is insane free value... Many paid courses don't have this kinda info in em.
  2. @Azureonmarketing [1 likes]: Epic video
  3. @samdevries4799 [1 likes]: great suff
  4. @HenkieT-n2h [1 likes]: Amazing content mate. Keep up the good work!
  5. @joezupko [1 likes]: I run my ad account like an absolute baboon and can still hit $1m+/yr.

The creatives are absolutely king.

I've got 2 variants hitting 5x+ ROAS consistently and they're honestly pretty simple videos, nothing ground breaking.

For my brand psychology/emotion is everything
  6. @tuptugen [1 likes]: Insane value, man! Awesome video!
  7. @Doobzy-asf [1 likes]: Insane value in a free video... as a performance marketer for almost 20 years, this was top tier content
  8. @yoislom: Does this work for LT info products?
  9. @KEERMiya: Hi, I really enjoy your video content. I have some questions I'd like to ask you. How can I contact you?Can we communicate via email?
  10. @yulimiller6705: This is a great video. Thank you. I’d appreciate any materials or guidance on how you assess ads performance data and decide whether to keep going, pivot or kill on an ad set level.
  11. @pjns-s9w: So how would you look at integrating the different awareness stages into this? Do you put TOF, MOF & BOF all into the same ad set, targeting the same concept? 

For example; Gruns 
Persona = GLP 1 users
Angle = Healthy hair 
Offer = The product 

I could then still make a TOF ad for this (Did you know that using GLP-1 will ruin your hair?)

But also a BOF ad (Get healthy hair now with Gruns)

Do these go in the same ad set? 

Because in another vid of yours I saw you talking about how awareness stages are embedded in the concept (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkpfIfvjJk8)

But if so, I wouldn't understand how you would assess ad performance on the ad set level, as different ad sets would target different awareness stages, so they would obviously have different performance. 

So would make more sense to me to put different awareness levels of the same concept in the same ad set, but kind of confused right now.
  12. @raphatb: 6:21 activity for productivity
  13. @yakimov2011: There are so many resources out there and for normal people trying to run ads it might get overwhelming. Thank you for taking the time to do this video and give so much value for free!
  14. @mikecheahyc.: Thank you, can't believe we are getting all these for Free on YouTube.
  15. @PSYCHOMAXXED: How well would this strategy translate to TikTok ads?
  16. @HarshalMoon-i2m1z: Can't believe you really gave it for FREE man !!!
  17. @ThomasSill-e4z: Hey Nathan, thanks for this masterpiece. Quick question at 48:00 when you're designing the whole concept architecture for the Creatine/Running concept - would you put this whole concept with UGC, Carousel, Founder, & Educational into the same Ad Set? or would you launch 1 Ad Set per format so 4 Ad Sets in this case?

If yes it does mean that you never launch an Ad Set with both videos and statics right? because it's not the same format and it'd be talking to difference audiences because of Andromeda. Thanks a lot for your answer! Highly appreciated
  18. @Diogenesthegreat01: mark Zuckerberg asked Nathan the owner of Blue Sense Digital how to run paid ads. What a genius, what a lad, what a legend. If you had the opportunity to come across Blue sense and watch Nathan you are truly blessed. Best meta ads creative video I have ever seen in my life. I cannot believe this is free on YouTube, Nathan you need a Skool group asap please!!
  19. @Jeremyttm: Wasted $2k on ecomm architect to learn exactly what this guy teaches for free and <3 hours
  20. @Princeecommerce: I can't beleive this premium sauce is free this is masterclass for making 10k/days

- The Secret to Successfully Pitching an Idea | The Way We Work, a TED series: Kind: captions Language: en Do you know the secret to successfully pitching an idea? Well, it's something kind of unexpected. It’s FOMO: the fear of missing out. [The Way We Work] As someone who invests in companies early in their journeys, I listen to nearly 2,000 pitches a year, and I work countless hours with company founders to help them make their pitch even more compelling. You may equate pitching with a slick deck based on some standard format, but whether you're pitching a company or trying to get buy-in for a passion project at work, so much of pitching is a storytelling exercise. You need to bring people along with you. You need to tell your audience a story that not only will draw them in, but it will make them feel that if they don't say yes, they will be missing out on something really big. [Step 1: Know your audience] When people think about pitching, they're thinking inwards, they think about their nerves, how smoothly they're talking or what it takes to get to a yes. But the secret of successful pitching is to flip it outward. Who are you pitching to? What do they care about? How can you speak to what motivates them? For example, if you're pitching your start-up idea to a venture capitalist who has lots of money to invest and needs big returns, they probably care about backing the next Uber or DoorDash. So you should focus your story on the size of the market opportunity. If you're pitching to a philanthropist or a nonprofit, their motivation is likely about large social impact. So focus on showing how your product or idea will improve things in a lasting way. If you're pitching a project at work, focus on the people you're pitching the project to. More customer loyalty, more revenue, or perhaps a promotion? Tell them how your project will help them attain the goal that they want in a way that makes it almost inevitable. Give them that feeling of: “If I don’t support this, I'm going to miss out on something I care about deeply." [Step 2: Think about the hero's journey] Pitching is much like telling a story. Just like a movie tells a story. You're charting the hero's journey in three acts. First, you start by telling about the hero's world, the status quo. In this case, the current situation that your product, idea or service will be addressing. Then introduce tension and conflict, showing all the problems that existing products aren't yet addressing. This will lead you to the big confrontation. You, the hero, swooping in to save the day. And from there, give the resolution. How are things changed as a result of your actions? How does your product, idea or service solve the problems you highlighted earlier? One of the best pitches I've heard followed this arc perfectly. The story started with a disturbing status quo. Depending on where and how it's produced, one gallon of milk can take roughly 1,000 gallons of water to produce and can create about six kilograms of CO2 equivalent or more in the process. In this case, the hero was the CEO and their team of scientists and food industry experts who have come up with a way to engineer plants to produce the animal proteins. They showed how a small crop of soybeans could create lots of delicious cheese and how this could feed the global population in a sustainable and yummy way. To anyone who cares about both the environment and good food, it was an irresistible story. It made me feel like I needed to be part of it or I would be missing out on a big opportunity. [Step 3: Shore up your weakest point] When people are done charting their hero's journey, I make them identify their biggest weakness. Is it that they're missing somebody on their team or that it's very competitive or that they're trying to do something that has never been done before? Most people's instinct is to gloss over it or even skip it altogether. But that's exactly the wrong thing to do because the audience will notice it and will ask you about it. Instead, face it directly. Tell your audience, "Hey, you may think this is a problem, but here's exactly what I'm going to do about it." And by showing the strengths and weaknesses of your story and not hiding anything, you inspire confidence not only in you but also in your story. The best storytellers, they live in the future, and they come here not to just tell us about it, but to show us the steps to get there. And this makes the audience lean forward. And all they need to do to be part of this amazing story is say yes.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThorParker [2 likes]: Im starting to feel like I need a hero
  2. @nittygrittymedia [2 likes]: Not helpful to give an example of a CEO giving a pitch. Doesn't apply to people starting from nothing, with no prior experience. Honestly that example was discouraging for me, being one of those people.
  3. @HomeRoboticsAustralia [1 likes]: i wouldn't invest in her
  4. @AchrafNAJI-f8m [1 likes]: شكرا🎉
  5. @CristinaWatson-y9f: similar web
  6. @WenLingHsiau: You pronounced " slide deck" slide wrong , you make this i short sound and it becomes another word ( slid - like slip or fall ) , it pronounced long i sound like " like" 's i. (Sorry, it confused me at first for me as ESL speaker )
  7. @mbarukjuma01: Thank you I truly appreciate
  8. @maneeshahooja: Thank you.
  9. @tarotaddicts4695: Great video. Thanks❤❤❤
  10. @ChelleInTheCity: Awesome! Here bc I’m working on a Team Pitch Deck. 🎉❤ thanks
  11. @Adrian-Kal-El: OMG I NEEDED THIS GUIDANCE!!! THANK YOU
  12. @Showrilly: This is true! Even for pitching unscripted tv show concepts to networks, these comments crossover.
  13. @richardwells8954: YOU DREW ME IN ABOUT CREATING A STORY AND THEN CHANGED THE SCRIPT TO JOINING TED TALKS. SHAME ON YOU.
  14. @stefyandthetiger: This is incredibly useful! Thank you!!
  15. @Joe-dime-a: Gay
  16. @lucutes2936: Hello Ted
  17. @Alabanza.Musicversity: Oh geez the best pitch was one that pushes an agenda against real food under the guise of protecting the planet. Nice!
  18. @BiT012: Weave a story please it's good practice ❤
  19. @brudo5056: But what if your audience is very diverse and you don't know how it's distributed?
You can't delve too deeply into various aspects, as that puts too much pressure on your time and audience's attention.
  20. @BradleyMartin-l2e: Who else is re-watching this for the 10th time?

- THE SECRET SAUCE FOR SUCCESSFUL JINGLES...create jingle ads that are clever AND catchy.: Kind: captions Language: en marty morgan here again for red hot with something else to think about unless you're an ad agency or a marketing firm or an entertainment company who has purchased a jingle before most people are really unsure of just what goes into a jingle well it's time to look at the ingredients here's the secret sauce seven key components to a successful jingle what goes into an unforgettable singing tag line oscar meyer has away with b-o-l-o-g-n-a or you deserve a break today at mcdonald's follow along here we go number one great input getting the message right starts with getting the right information from the client and honing it down to one or two of the most salient points no laundry list what does your product or service stand for and why does it stand out number two organize your idea give the message some simple logic in an orderly fashion and make a statement that benefits a consumer in a clear and concise manner ace is the place with the helpful hardware person number three inject some emotion people think they're rational when making a purchase decision but the truth is emotion is a much bigger factor and there's nothing that conveys emotion quite like music it makes me happy makes me look good it makes me feel loved and so on so make your jingle emotionally charged sad happy exhilarating make it sexy tender fiery fresh but give it emotionality number four make the lyrical hook catchy like a bug on its back ink taking a nap for bug flip pest control you know a bug on [Music] the words are just rhythmical rhyming poetic or they just have a natural cadence i'm stuck on band-aids cause band-aid stuck on me number five make the musical hook catchy is sing a longable a word it is in my business number six give it personality the right singer who sounds like they were born to sing your song is key to cutting through the clutter number seven give it originality the surest way to bore someone to death is give them the same old piece of pie no serve up something fresh if your company needs a little extra zip in the old marketing gas tank maybe it's time to get the world singing your brand with our brand of jingles the red hot kind the kind that gets stuck in your head so you wanted something to think about think about letting america's jingle pros the red hot jingle company produce your next jingle with a little secret sauce nashville style

  Top Comments:
  1. @coreyf8019: 𝖕𝖗𝖔𝖒𝖔𝖘𝖒 👀

- The Secret to Success | 5 Minute Video: Kind: captions Language: en Countless books, seminars, and gurus promise to teach you the “secrets” to success. Well, here’s my secret: There are no secrets to success. Actually, it’s pretty simple. Want to excel in whatever you do? Get to work. Keep working. And don’t stop until the job is done. That’s called “work ethic.” I’m the sideline reporter for NBC’s Sunday Night Football. I won’t lie – it’s a dream job. But it isn’t a dream-come-true. There’s no fantasy involved. Just a lifetime of hard work. I had my first real job at 13. I was a paper-girl. I delivered newspapers to people’s homes and sold subscriptions door-to-door. That job taught me persistence. I learned that to succeed, especially in sales, you have to knock on a lot of doors. In high school, I worked at Baskin Robbins. The manager didn’t appreciate it when I gave out overly-generous portions to customers. That taught me accountability. Until you run the show, you answer to the person who does. A few years later, I worked as a telemarketer for an insurance company. A lot of people look down on telemarketers. I don’t. If you think a legitimate job is beneath you, you don’t deserve that job – or any other. Like all telemarketers, I was rejected far more often than not. Usually, I didn’t get past the first sentence. But sometimes I did – enough to make some good money. The path to success is paved with failure. As a waitress in college, I learned that you need to smile and treat customers well, even when you’re having a bad day. Leave your mood at the door, or expect to be shown the door. After I graduated, I had seven jobs – count ‘em, seven! One of those was a public relations assistant in Los Angeles. It was fun, but it involved ridiculously long hours. That was okay, though. I got used to it. And when long hours were called for later, I was ready. I went from PR to producing a morning radio show. The host had talent. We put out a good product. But it wasn’t enough – because timing and luck are also important, and you can’t control those. You can only control what you do. You just have to keep working. What choice do you have? The radio show gave me the idea that I could be a host – the talent. I put together a demo and sent it out to every station I could find an address for. I finally caught the eye of a sports show in Charlotte, North Carolina. I decided that I would never think of myself as a “female sports reporter,” but just as a sports reporter. My ambition is to be the best sports journalist, period. What does being a woman have to do with it? As the newbie, I was at the station all day, and took every assignment that I could, especially the ones no one else wanted. After five months, TV stations noticed I was scooping their stories and started calling. One of those was CBS Sports. I took that job. It was a huge jump, and it put me under a microscope. I wasn’t used to that. I made a lot of mistakes – some honest ones, and some really dumb ones. All of them were public. My bosses didn’t hold back their displeasure, and neither did the viewers. This pushed me to screw-up less and taught me how to deal with criticism. Mistakes are life’s way of highlighting what you need to improve. So I kept making mistakes, and I kept improving. After 5 years, I was offered a job at ESPN. After 10 years there, I joined NBC, where I am now. After all of that – a lifetime of work – I think I’ve learned what it takes to succeed. Whether it’s your first job or your dream job, the formula is always the same: That’s the secret – that’s not a secret – to success. I’m Michele Tafoya for Prager University.

  Top Comments:
  1. @afonsotcavalcante: Já peguei uma briga com uma mulher telemarketing mas antes expliquei a situação
  2. @sirtime99: What I love about these vids how they're straight to the truth no rule of attraction no affirmations no bullish just work
  3. @denniswood6791: The answer (to LU+E) is fortitude.
  4. @liberallie3089: Thank you!
  5. @subodhi6: 💗💗💗
  6. @mudmerchant: Never quit.
  7. @বিবিধ: God reward you with the best! ♥️🇧🇩
  8. @markgraham2312: Bravo!
  9. @williamwong4040: Real secret to succeed it what everyone knows. Try and error,  and keep failing, accept and learn from your mistakes until you make it.
  10. @jediknight38: She works for and spends her own money, is willing to work long hours without any excuses, and holds herself accountable for her own mistakes. There wouldn't be any need for modern feminism if there were more women like this.
  11. @Dave-te5bs: I worked at a Safeway for four years. And for some reason a new guy who was there for a year became an assistant manager. Four years a bagger and no promotion. 😢
  12. @Julie28Davis: Wow now I see why true conservatives are saying Prager U is promoting leftist agenda. There is absolutely nothing wrong with being described as a "Female sports journalist". Stop promoting the preferred pronoun crap!!!! I no longer support Prager U after seeing this crap!
  13. @paulthomson2288: people only see the end result but not the struggle and assume every success has been gifted.
  14. @jscharlie2350: 👍To my surprise, saying something like this that advocates White supremacy didn't get her fired
  15. @Topdisbong: i agree
  16. @リンゴ酢-b8g: as a former telemarketer attendant, i never had anyone say "tell me more"
  17. @anthonyfrias5533: I'm in college right now and I'm not doing well
  18. @habib8982: I really appreciate your persistence and motivation. Being hard working has been paid off. It's the truth.
  19. @karrisajoss4271: I did all that and more, but could never get a great job. After 50+ jobs, 17 years of college and study, strong work ethic, learning social, organizational and leaderships skills with many more, I still have not succeeded. I got to be a boss for a day. The job was a one day deal. I learned staying humble, letting others shine, relying on God, have a selflessly, strong work ethic was successful for that day. Praying for a great job after years of work and trying. Would like to follow Gods lead and hopefully He will direct me in the legal field before it is too late.
  20. @zubeidakhan1091: Just what I needed to hear. Keep working! 💪 
Gets tiring when you don't see the desired results but just keep at it because quitting is not an option for me.

- Top 10 Ecommerce Marketing Tips (100% PROVEN): Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's Greta here and today I'm here to talk about my top 10 marketing strategies that have helped me create for multi-million dollar ecommerce brands that have over eight figures in combined revenue [Music] so my number one tip is to focus on organic social and the good part about this is that this is free marketing so I have built all of my brands as social first brands we've always started with Instagram marketing so that's a great place to start to build a community and an audience around your product either before you've launched or as soon as possible after when it comes to organic social I often talk about my three C's of community so there's content collaboration and consistency when it comes to content my number one tip would be to recreate your top performing content so jump into your analytics if you're on a business account if you're not you can easily convert across jump in there have a look at your top performing content because that is the type of content that your audience wants to see and engages with the most simply recreate it to focus on that more and more my second C is collaboration so that might be collaborating with influences or other pages or brands in your category they don't necessarily need to be competitors but just similar category brands so the drop bottle that might be a hydration mix because we don't do one yet so it's brands that are also helping solve the same problem as you and the focus with collaboration is that you use this as your core growth lever on social so you're basically being able to leverage their pre-existing audience to help grow your own and then the third C is consistency so that's not only important so that you're establishing front of mind recognition for your brand through repetition but it's also really important because the algorithm on social media favors consistency it favors the frequency in which you post so if you post twice a week and your post is seen by a hundred people each time that your weekly reach is 200 but if you're posting seven times a week that's 700 so it's just an easy win so my second tip is to build a wait list or email list as soon as possible this might be if you're pre-launch or it might be if you've already got a brand if you are not focusing on email that is just some really low-hanging fruit for you email accounts for around thirty to forty percent the revenue of my brands so a really good way to begin building your email list is to have a on website pop-up so you want that pop-up to incentivize people to sign up to your email list you can use tools like just you know or sumo need to be able to create a content unlock or discount unlock pop-up so that might be enter your email the download our free ebook enter your email Adam load a free challenge into your email for five dollars off your purchase or 10% off your purchase it really depends on what you're able to offer it might be a free gift for example so start to capture emails today because my third tip is going to be to start doing email blast ads so you should be emailing your list at least one time a week to stay front of mind and to be able to keep your list health up so your list health really determines the deliverability of your emails into people's inbox we don't wanna be going into spam we want to be going straight into their inbox to get as much exposure as possible because again email outside of what you're paying for hosting through your platform that might be MailChimp or klaviyo it's basically a free marketing tactic so we basically want to be emailing that list at least once a week and we want to have some automated flows set up as well so some of the baseline sequences that we always have set up is a welcome sequence you're welcome email gets around 50 percent open rate which is around 20 to 30 percent above industry standard so we definitely always want to welcome email and you want to have a sequence in place of those welcome emails to try to convert as many new email subscribers as possible into customers the next one that we always have set up is our abandoned cart emails and another sequence that you could have set up is a product sequence that educates people on your top products top sellers some of the benefits of those so there are three email sequences that you should have set up from the get-go so my fourth tip is all about increasing your average order value and your customer lifetime value so these are two of the metrics that you really want to focus on in your e-commerce stores but we'll be chatting on those a little later so what you want to do is focus on upsells cross sells and bundles so an upsell is when somebody is to purchase your product being able to sell them more of that same product so it might be okay they were going to buy one drop bottle now they can you know see our friends pack which is to drop bottles or our family pack which is four drop bottles they're also our bundles which we'll get to in a sec but it's basically getting people to buy more than they were already going through by discounting them to buy more a cross sell is more so I spoke earlier a little bit on a hydration mix for example that would be a great complementary product with drop bottle because it is in line with our core offering which is helping people stay hydrated so it would be another way to kind of solve that problem so if we added a hydration mix that would be a great cross sell for our product then there's bundles so bundles are basically like I spoke about earlier without upsells for drop bottle we've bundled those into different packs which make it easy and simple to show the discount rate for that we even have a custom user experience built around our bundles where people can easily and interactively select the bundle that they want and the price goes up and down so that's been a really great thing for us so my fifth tip is all about micro influences we use micro influences to gift our product out to and they are able to provide free exposure and free content for our brand in return for that product so when it comes to influencer marketing I always focus on the three hours to find the right influencer for your brand so the first R is rich and as I said we're focusing on micro influences the reason we're focusing on micro influences they have very powerful engaged niche communities that are often a lot more focused toward a niche than just a general broader community which is often the case with more macro influences so that's why we want to focus on micro influences here so reach we're looking for micro which will be around five to 50,000 followers in size is what we'll be targeting here because they're also the most likely to be willing to post your product simply in return for gifting the next R is relevancy so we want to find influencers who are within your niche or category and a relevant to your so some places that you can look here are at other brands within your category as I said that doesn't have to be a competitive brand but it could be like I said for drop bottle it could be a hydration mix or it could be a protein brand so they're people who are already targeting consumers who are looking to improve their health and well-being so you can easily go through make a list of brands within your category and check out some of the influences that they're working with that's a really really easy starting point and then the third R is relationships so you want to make sure that the influencer has as strong a relationship with their followers as possible so on Instagram that will probably mean that they do quite a bit of video content as well or they might have a youtube presence so youtube influences have a very very strong relationship with their community and if that community has now gone across and followed them on Instagram it means that they're they're kind of superfans so they're the people that we've really really want to target so a good indicator of a strong relationship will be a lot of comments and probably like a two-way dialogue between the influencer and their audience so they might reply to comments often people might ask their advice on things they might ask them where they got certain things they're all really good signs that there's trust within that community because basically with influencer marketing the main thing that you're leveraging is the trust that that influencer has with their audience otherwise you may as well just be marketing to cold traffic so my sixth tip is content marketing so you might just think that's things like blogging but that can also include things like user-generated content which I'm going to touch on a little later so blogging is a great place to start and what you want to do is begin with keyword research you want to find the terms that people are searching for the most and write about those this is how it helps to improve your SEO which is your search engine optimization because when people are searching for those certain terms we want to be coming up or ranking for those terms so blogging is something that you really shouldn't ignore it's another easy way to get free traffic to your site so my seventh tip is utilizing customer reviews and user-generated content so we use loops for this L oo X which is just a easy plugin Shopify app so customers are able to leave photo and captioned reviews this really really helps us social proof the photo reviews are actually far more powerful than just having a text-based review because your customers are kind of able to see your product in action so it's a lot more realistic because a lot of the time in e-commerce you're not just selling a product you're selling an experience and this way your customers are able to kind of experience your product through other people through their peers who are also purchasing your product so that is amazing social proof social proof again just helps to build trust in the same sort of way that influencers do influences are more so word-of-mouth or social proof at scale because they've got a larger audience but a lot of the time the trust is even stronger when it comes to utilizing your own customers so make sure you collect as many reviews as possible you might want to have an email sequence that is a post purchase sequence that asks after they've purchased your product a certain amount of time after say they've purchased our 28 day detox we'll ask them about five weeks after the purchase so we'll ask them for their review they'll upload that hopefully it's positive and we're in our way so my eighth tip is viral giveaways and again these are a really great way to grow without needing to put too much budget in so with the fifth we ran a giveaway with a platform called gleam and we gave away 14 watches over the space of 14 days so one of the really important things when it comes to viral giveaways is baking virality or shareability into your competition as well so you don't just want to be like okay enter sign up with your email because that's private what you want to do is be encouraging each person that signs up to then share your competition on that might be on social media it might be directly via email you just want them to be getting more and more people to be entering as well that's often referred to as their viral coefficient so for each person that enters imagine you're getting one other person to enter and then that one other person gets one other person you can see how it kind of propagates itself another platform that you can use for these giveaways is called VIPRE which we did for our early bottle giveaway with v will able to generate 80,000 new emails in just 14 days and this was really a case of being able to convert a lot of our organic social following that we spoke about in tip 1 into our email subscribers which we spoke about in tip 2 and 3 so this is a way to kind of bring all of that together and be able to leverage that to grow your brand exponentially so number 9 is a kind of newer strategy that we've just started using it's text message abandoned cart we use an app at the moment called tobe abounding cart so the benefit of text messages is that they have a far higher and faster open rate so I think it's something like 80 to 90 percent of people open their text messages within the first 15 minutes of receiving them I'm definitely not one of those people so as opposed to email the open rate over the lifespan of an email a lot of the time is like 20 to 30 percent so imagine getting 80 to 90 percent in the first 15 minutes so that's definitely something that we want to be taking advantage of so a text message abandon cart works in the same sort of way that an email abandon cart does you know when you left items in your cart before and then you know 15 minutes later you might get an email with a discount code saying it you've left items in your cart just to remind you to check out so basically it's exactly the same it's just via text message so my tenth and final tip are Facebook and Instagram video ads if you're not utilizing video and your advertising yet you are leaving money on the table so the main tips that I'd give to these are to make sure that they're captioned I think it's 85 to 90 percent of people watch Facebook and Instagram with their sound off so if you're not using captions in your video you're losing that audience the next thing that we want to be doing is highlighting the brand we want to create a bit of a narrative and we want to talk about the benefits of the product so a lot of the time of really really good kind of formula for days that we use again and again is to have a compelling hook then you want to move on to some social proof or a stat that highlights the problem once you've highlighted the problem you want to focus on your product as a salon to that problem so you want to focus on the benefits of your product so not necessarily here's drop bottle it's glass it has a fruit infuser it's more so what does that mean for your customer or your user so it helps you stay hydrated of course a lot of people find drinking water very boring so if you're able to infuse fruit and herbs easily into your water it's easier to stay hydrated so that's the benefits side then you want to finish up with maybe a bit more social proof so that might be influences using your product it might be how many customers you've had it might be highlighting your following on social media I think everybody can find some social proof at some point it might even just be customer review is like we spoke about earlier then you want to go into your offer and this is really important so that you're able to kind of take people from start to finish on a bit of a journey and they may be ready to buy at this point so now you hit them with your offer which might be a discount code it might be free shipping it all just depends on what you're able to offer so make your offer as compelling it as possible so there is a my top 10 ecommerce marketing tips if you liked this content it would be great if you left a comment below we're going to be replying to all of these comments actually so a really good thing that you could do is let us know your top marketing problem that you're having right now in your business so leave us a comment below and we'll get back to you so if you want to find out more about me and my story as well as more tips like the ones in this video you can check out my free master class with founder which is just by the link below so guys hopefully you enjoyed today and I'll be seeing you soon hopefully in the master class the founder mission is to help you create an ass-kickin business and help you learn straight from the mouths of world-class founders get your free printed edition of founder magazine featuring Sir Richard Branson just cover shipping and handling at founder com forward slash Branson

  Top Comments:
  1. @Foundr [2 likes]: Hey everyone! ✌ Ready to jump-start your ecommerce business for just $1? http://www.foundr.com/startdollartrial

You'll get access to a customized learning pathway with proven frameworks from successful ecommerce founders for fast results, a supportive community, weekly live mentorship, exclusive savings on startup tools, and 24x7 real-human support.
  2. @GreatNESSs17 [1 likes]: These were so helpful. Starting out in e-commerce so tips to scale, optimize and bring the sales is in high demand for this business owner
  3. @BarkolaKamaro [1 likes]: Clear, concise, and easy to follow. Great job explaining!
  4. @sihemsihem5532 [1 likes]: I was so lost until I watched your video. Thank you!
  5. @StudynetsLimited-mt4ty: This was really great for my e-commerce business and I'm beginning to implement it. I will look forward to your next content if any on bidding or getting contracts
  6. @sportingarenatv7495: Thank you  for sharing for a beginner brand with 527 website visites with little or no social media presence it sells pool tables and game rooms target Audience is private home owners.what would be the most effective content strategy
  7. @francescovalentinuzzi1008: Best way to share tips! Thanks! This was so valuable, I am already on my whiteboard and working on the next 3 months strategy:)
  8. @ericagarcia510: Love all these tips - thank you for sharing your knowledge!
  9. @usmanzakir8289: Reminder abandent cart app which one is?
  10. @kellandre: This was great! Do you have any tips on how to improve conversion rates? We’ve improved our website traffic a lot but it isn’t turning into sales
  11. @HanitriniainaRAVELONJOHANI-g2m: Good 👍
  12. @AnfelDjamel: That was so intense. My heart is still racing!
  13. @ทวีรัชต์ยังแซ่ม: This helped me with [insert task]. You’re a lifesaver! 😇
  14. @mouhandzitoune5995: This was so insightful—thank you for sharing!
  15. @CollectiveDisobedience: I'm just getting into marketing, and this has a lot of good info. Thank you!
  16. @mehdisadsaoud-b9x: I can't believe how much I learned from this. Subscribed! 🔔
  17. @aliboucetha434: I can't believe how much I learned from this. Subscribed! 🔔
  18. @TtTt-u5q5m: What a plot twist! I never expected that.
  19. @AizelBobaker: Wait for it… BAM! 😂 Perfect timing.
  20. @AizelBobaker: I can't believe how much I learned from this. Subscribed! 🔔

- How to Analyze Facebook Ads Data the Right Way (The 2026 Guide): Kind: captions Language: en analyzing meta ads data is well complicated in fact in 2025 many advertisers are still focusing on the wrong metrics like clickthrough rate CPM or CPC so in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to analyze Facebook ads data the right way from the beginner to expert level this way you can scale smarter and not waste your money so if you ever felt like you were missing something critical when analyzing your ad campaigns this video is for you here's our agenda here's everything that we're going to go through today first my 2025 updated column setup in ads manager and then we're going to go over the tools I use to make data different decisions like motion and triple wh then we're going to explore some Advanced Data this is actually the data that I find nearly all advertisers even experts tend to miss out on one last thing I also have a free creative reporting checklist that you guys can download in the link in the description bar below but more on that in a bit so these right here are all of the metrics that I'm going to be tracking inside of ads manager and here's exactly what it looks like so first you're going to see we have the delivery column set up this campaign ran a few months ago so the campaign is off and we also have the bid strategy and attribution setting right here now if you guys have any questions about the different types of bidding strategies or even the different types of attribution settings please let me know in the comments I'm more than happy to jam on that there or even make future videos about it but if you're just starting off I would highly suggest for your bidding strategy to do highest volume and for your attribution setting to have 7day click and one day VI and essentially what bid strategy means is this algorithm is going to go after the highest volume of conversions there's going to be a few different ones but that's definitely the one that you're going to want to start off with if you are just beginning an attribution setting is essentially saying hey if someone clicks on your ad within a 7-Day period or views it within 24 hours one day then that means that that specific ad or Campaign Will then have that purchase attributed to that specific ad now once we scroll over here we can see budget this is an ASC Campaign which is why we have adset and this is a $700 daily budget now if you're just starting off you're not going to have budgets that high of course um I would suggest starting off with at least $100 especially if you're doing an ASC campaign but now let's get to the data let's get to the good stuff now you can see here we have amount spent purchases cost per purchase and Ras now these four metrics are essentially going to show you if your campaign is working and specifically what is working everything else is going to tell you why now when I'm looking at data and ads manager I actually like to sort from highest to lowest so that I can prioritize what's working the best or at least what's getting the most most amount of spend because if something isn't working but it's getting a ton of spend that's obviously something I'm going to want to optimize and turn off next we're going to have purchases now your purchases or your cost per purchase could also be substituted for lead or cost per lead but since most of my brands are in Ecommerce and they're going after purchases that's why I have that as the primary kpi and your cost per purchase is essentially going to be how much does it cost to acquire a customer on that ad your rowad self-explanatory is your return on ad spend so for every $1 that you put into this campaign or to this ad how many dollars are you then getting back from those customers now again these four metrics are going to be your primary kpis they're going to guide everything now the next five metrics are actually going to tell you about the people you are reaching so we have frequency this specific metric is going to show you how many times on average people are seeing your ads now this was looking at the data over a one- Monon period and we were actually reaching quite a few new people with this specific campaign I actually tend to get a little worried if I see frequency numbers above five across the last s days or the last few weeks cuz this might tell me that we are starting to hit a lot of retargeting audiences so if you see those higher frequencies it might be a sign Des that your creatives are targeting the same people over and over again or your campaign is now your reach is going to show you that individual people that saw your ad whereas The Impressions is actually going to show the number of times that your ads were shown sometimes to the same people which is why I really like looking at the frequency number two because I always want to make sure that my ads are reaching new people and not just hitting the same people over and over again and then we have of course cost per reach and CPM now I'd say that CPM is probably going to be a lot more important than cost per reach but CPM is actually the number that I find a lot more advertisers talk about and this is essentially the cost per 1,000 Impressions now I know that you're probably looking at this CPM number and you're like oh mine are you know maybe a lot higher maybe a lot lower what is the average CPM and the truth is is that your CPM is highly dependent on your industry right and sometimes even specifically your product if you're curious about benchmarking data and where you should be falling for your specific product or demographic or location varos is the tool that I use to make sure that my brands are within the Benchmark essentially and then the next six metrics that I really like looking at here are your unique outbound click-through rate now this is essentially just a click-through rate but I like looking at unique outbound because this is the one that actually looks at how many individual users are clicking through in actually going through to your landing page if you look at just the average click-through metric you are actually looking at people who click on your ad go nowhere click on your ad and end up going to the profile or click on your ad and don't actually make it to the landing page this is the purest click-through rate which is why I really like to follow this one and again if you're looking for that type of benchmarking data to know what is a good click-through rate that's something that varos can really help out with and then I have CPC now there isn't a CPC for Unique outbound click through rate essentially so I look at the next best one which is cost per link click which is just essentially going to tell me hey for someone to click on the link that goes to the landing page what's the average cost of getting someone to click on that link then after that we're going to have the hook rate now this is actually something that is not already inside of ads manager you actually have to add this as a custom metric I am going to show you the exact formula for that later on in this video but essentially What The Hook rate shows us is hey when looking at video creative only what percentage of people actually watched the first three seconds of that video now this can really help show if you are targeting the right people by using the right type of messaging and creative and visuals inside of the first 3 seconds of your video ads so we can see here that we actually have a few differences right and of course we don't have data for this top one because that was actually an image ad there is no equivalent unfortunately for a hook rate or a hold rate for image ads the only thing that we have really is click-through rate and your click-through rate isn't always going to be an amazing indicator of great performing creative because now that the targeting on meta ads is primarily Broad sometimes you were going to see lower clickthrough rates because we were just hitting a much broader audience instead of the more concentrated audiences where we would see those more inflated clickthrough rates so your whole rate is similar to your hook rate and it's going to tell you one of two things it's either going to tell you the percentage of people who watch the first 15 seconds of your ad or if your ad is under 15 seconds long it's going to show you what percentage of people actually just watched the entire thing now I like being able to look at hold rate and then also cross analyzing that with the video average play time because often times that I will find that if we just look at one or the other if you have really long video ad creatives like you have you know maybe ones that are a minute or a minute and a half versus ones that are 30 seconds sometimes your average video play time will look a lot longer I find that it's a much purer metric because we're really able to zero in in on ad creative that retained people past 3 seconds instead of just looking at that average video play time which again can be conflated now the last metric that I really like to look at is post shares which just essentially says hey how many times was this ad shared organically now the reason why I like to track this is because on the organic social media side meta has actually said multiple times that the number one metric that they have for success is sharable content so how many people are sharing that piece of content to stories or even sharing that in the DMS so that's something I also really like to track on the ad buying side and that's my dashboard setup I really like to keep this as simple as possible I really just want to look at the metrics that are most important to number one being able to determine what is working and two why potentially it is working but more on that in a bit so I'm going to be honest I actually do a lot of my analysis inside of motion MO is the creative strategy tool it's what I use to analyze all of my creatives and honestly build reporting that helps me get my Brands to the next level in fact there's a brand that I work with that spends millions of dollars per month on meta ads and we have several creative team members and departments and so many moving pieces and motion has really been imperative to our success and sharing data that actually moves the needle for instance every single week I look at this report that shows me the top top performing creatives for the week automatically this is something that I also share with the broader team now I am going to spend the next few sections of this video inside of ads manager but if you want to take a look at the advanced reports that I'm using inside of motion be sure to skip to this part of the video it's really advanced stuff and worth even beginners looking at okay let's get into it how to analyze data inside of ads manager now step number one is actually a mind shift change that I need everyone to get on the same page for so a mistake I often see is that people try to optimize and analyze at the same time but really the analysis needs to be done first before you start tweaking things so take a deep breath and focus on one thing at a time and I'm going to simplify this especially for the beginners when you are looking at all of this data inside of your ads manager you are actually only trying to answer two questions number one what is working what is working inside of your ad account what creatives are working what campaigns are working what's working and number two a little bit more complicated but why is it working these two questions and the answer for these two questions will ultimately guide every single thing that you do inside of ads manager and that brings us to step number two which is going to be analyzing your primary metrics versus your storytelling metrics so all of your metrics are going to fall into one of these two categories now your primary metrics are are going to tell you what is working and these are the only metrics that you should be using to optimize your account so these primary metrics are going to be things like your amount spend your purchases your cost per purchase and even your Ras and if you're doing lead generation of course then you are going to swap those results around for cost per lead or number of leads now these are the only things that you should be using to optimize your account so if you see oh this cost per purchase and these number of purchases are profitable for me I should increase the budget not looking at your secondary metrics now your secondary metrics are going to help illuminate potentially why something is working right so this is going to be your frequency your CPM so all of these metrics potentially could illuminate why potentially an ad creative is working or not working if you have a high CPM potentially that's saying hey this creative is costing too much to deliver which is why ultimately we're not able to get the type of costs that we want right maybe you're saying that your click-through rate is too low and your CPC is too high so people aren't ultimately clicking on that ad to go through to the landing page now what I will say is very often the most important storytelling metrics often comes down to video creative because we have a lot more data when looking at video creative right we're able to see hey how good did this creative do at actually hooking our audience or how good did this video do at maintaining and retaining that viewership and also ultimately on average how long was someone viewing that data so what I will say is video hook and video hold aren't automatically inside of ads manager this is a custom metric that you have to add in but I do have the formula right here for you so that you can add those in and again the the thing that's you know sort of frustrating is this is only going to be available for your video creatives not necessarily your images but I do have more data that we can look at later on in this video that are going to help illuminate a lot more as to why certain creatives worked or didn't work but again this isn't necessarily data that you're going to get inside of ader but more on that in a bit so let's put all this data into action right and analyze a campaign that I worked on a few months ago okay this is an ASC campaign that we ran a number of months ago and I do want to point out actually I've seen a lot more success with ASC campaigns in the recent months if you have a lot more ad creative inside of them I've actually heard that the minimum number you should have in an ASC campaign for Optimal Performance is 20 so something to consider there now when I'm going into ads manager and I'm going to start analyzing things the first thing I like to do is actually sort highest to least amount spent so that I can really prioritize what is getting the most amount of spent and for this specific ad campaign we can actually see wow there is something that is very very clearly winning but let's take a step back for a second right let's first look at this ad campaign as a whole and this is something that you can do as well looking for the account level right so we can see that the amount spent was about 11k 525 website purchases 21.9 cost per purchase so that's how much it was costing for us to acquire a customer and 525 purchases overall with a average row as of a 2.77 and for this specific brand just looking at these internal ads manager metrics this was actually doing really really well for us so just looking at those metrics alone I would say hey this definitely qualifies for us to increase spend on this you know if we have already been increasing this steadily over the last 2 to three days by 20% maybe we can try increasing it even a little bit more but overall this campaign is working out pretty fabulously but most of it is being attributed to one ad right so we want to zero in on this specific ad and really get to the heart of why this is working right so we can see that this has spent well and llarge the bulk of the spend right so that's going to be about 75% we have a really strong cost per purchase of about $21.50 and the purchase throw as is also within our Striking Distance we really want to see and scale anything above a two when looking at internal metrics now let's try and understand the story of potentially why this is working right we see the outbound clickthrough weight which honestly is pretty average for the account so there's not something super spectacular with the specific clickthrough rate sometimes I will see oh a specific ad creative is working really well because it has a high click-through rate but to be honest click-through rate isn't always a reliable metric to gauge performance on because a lot of times the audiences that your campaign or even just specific ad is targeting can be really broad so sometimes a low clickthrough rate is actually not a bad indicator of it being successful or not successful it could actually just be speaking directly to the right people and getting them to act instead of everyone else to act right and yeah when we're looking at the specific campaign this specific ad creative has definitely inflated the average but actually what we had saw in the ad account previously was the average hook rate was around 30% and the average hold rate was anywhere from 7 to 8 so this was almost double that which is an indicator of a really really strong creative now the real heart of why a specific ad creative performed or didn't perform that type of insight generally isn't in the data itself it's going to be in the ad creative right it's going to be in the messaging in the type of visuals and even the format that you're using now a question that I often get with people who are new to meta ads is they will look at ad creatives like these three right here that have better cost per purchases and even higher row ases and they'll ask me Dar why isn't meta putting more spend to these more profitable ads now this is actually something that meta has written about multiple times in the past called the breakdown effect now essentially what this means is that meta has determined through its algorithm that if it would push more spend to these specific ads that it actually wouldn't be as profitable sometimes media buyers trust this sometimes they don't to be honest I've tested it multiple times for myself in the past by trying to throttle more spend to these ad creatives and typically they don't perform as well for whatever reason meta has really determined that the actual winner for this specific campaign is this one so really it's going to be better for you to analyze what is happening at the ad creative level versus what is happening at these and what I will say what was interesting about our top performer is it was a pure educational play and it was actually just giving information about the specific product now my guidance for you is to not dwell a ton on what's working and why isn't it working I would actually suggest hey focus more on trends that you're noticing in your ad account specific m messaging and visuals and even ad formats that really seem to be moving the needle for you and figure that out and double down and pressure test those theories on things that seem to be working you don't need to know exactly why every single ad creative didn't work especially in the early days next up let's talk about using first party data right so your triple wh your North beams and Beyond so a question that I very often get is okay do I need triple wh do I need northbeam in order to advertise on meta ads and the simple answer is no but there are times that it's really worth it in fact a brand that I work with does use triple will to help optimize their campaigns I'm going to explain how they do that in a bit so ultimately my take on this is first party data tools like triple whale and northbeam are really only good for Brands who are starting to scale up quite a bit but to be honest many Brands don't need them at all and if you're just starting off then I absolutely would not recommend it ads manager is going to be sufficient enough for you the question you ultimately have to ask yourself is is attribution actually an issue for you or are you just primarily using meta ads to drive customer acquisition if that's the case then you don't need these tools I don't find that triple whale magically unlocks insights on a creative level unless a brand truly has multiple attribution channels that they're using and by multiple attribution channels I mean like are they investing into TV are they inves ing into podcast or influencer or even Google and I will say yeah with a brand that I work with we do use triple will because we have those multiple channels that we are investing into again though many Brands don't need it as manager alone is often enough to make solid optimization decisions and first- party tools are really only the most valuable when you're managing larger budgets and need Precision across multiple data sources so if you're feeling overwhelmed by the data my advice is to first Master ads manager and then you can begin to layer in tools like triple whale or northbeam when you start to scale up your budgets especially if you are starting to invest in additional channels okay now let's talk about how I am using motion for those bigger creative swings again motion isn't just a creative Analytics tool it's a tool for overall creative strategy it quickly helps me identify what works to spot patterns and iterate effectively and honestly just gives me the confidence that I need to take much bigger Crea swings that ultimately scale so here are a few of my favorite reports like we talked about the top performing creatives report I like to look at this on a weekly level but I'm also looking at it monthly to do those creative Retros with the brands that I work with also if I'm doing individual creative tests for Brands I like to create a motion report just for those individually so I can really zoom in and analyze what's working or not working about a specific creative test I also like to conduct a format analysis where I am looking to see at a high level hey what type of creative diversity does this account have and do we need to potentially invest into more images or more video or even carousels or catalog ads and then of course I like to dive into a more secondary format analysis so sometimes this can be Statics right we want to see what types of creative strategies are really working for Statics specifically if it's more testimonials or US versus them or even before and after or celebrity or Creator Statics same for videos we really want to zoom in and understand hey what types of video ads creative templates or formats are working so that we can easily recreate those especially when we're doing a new product launch or we're trying to make iterations another analysis that I really like to do is looking at agency partners so I work with a really big brand where we are actually managing multiple agency partners so we like to compare across agencies which agencies are actually moving the needle for us and sometimes we'll invest more in the agencies that are doing better for us increase scope increase retainers or even decide hey we want to move on from a certain partner and start investing in someone new we also like to take a look at what types of creators are working the best for us sometimes with certain brands I'll look at you know the celebrity programs and just see what types of celebrities we should reinvest in again or certain influencers or even down to ugc creators this type of comparison analysis is incredibly helpful so that we can look and see hm who should we invest in again or who should we find that is similar to the types of creators that are working for us of course you can make these types of reports inside of ads manager but I find that it is so much easier not only on myself to make these reports automatically in motion but also to share across teams that maybe are a little bit intimidated by ads manager okay now let's dive into some Advanced analytics and what we're actually going to zoom in on is specifically how I am analyzing creative for bigger impact in what I've noticed is that most people actually analyze their creatives the wrong way here's an example of how people will often analyze a creative test for me right so we'll look at something like this and say okay you know what version B was the winner it had a 1.2 row as with a 1.64 clickthrough rate the hook rate was about average at 21% hold rate also was average at a 7.8 so we're ultimately going to do a few more variants of B since that was the winner and they will stop there if you've made an analysis of this I hate to inm you that this is not a real analysis in fact we're missing a lot of data points here that actually make this helpful things like qualitive data and additional data points that are inside and also not inside of ads manager I'm going to break all of those down for you right now now let's zoom in on some of the qualitive data right this is actually going to be some of the qualities about your ad creative that can help provide further analysis so this can be things like formats so for this specific creative right this was a ugc Creator testimonial ad um and there was none of that in the analysis but maybe when we look at other top performers or what else is performing in the ad account maybe that is similar or dissimilar maybe it's an outlier that kind of information is really important to know and to share another piece of data here is the creator so we can think hm is part of the reason why this creative performed down to the Creator in this case yes this was something that we actually saw when working with this Creator multiple times this was absolutely something that impacted the performance so we ended up reinvesting in working with her and again and that's definitely something that you should bring up as a part of your analysis we're also missing an analysis on the messaging which we're going to do in just a second and then of course on the imagery so the imagery and the format are a little bit different um sometimes when I think of the imagery I like to think of the overall production quality um I like to think about also the setting so oh and the specific ad creative she's in her car maybe that's something that's potentially affecting performance we actually have seen that for several brands that I've worked with that being in a different location instead of just inside of your house can actually have a big impact on performance and that's worth noting especially if you have a winning creative now let's talk about this messaging analysis right now when we looked at the other three creatives that were being tested we noticed that oh creative a had more value based messaging right we also had a bit of a competitor comparison going on and it was super numerical super numbers heavy while B ultimately the winner leaned into a bit of negative marketing also was using a really strong trigger word here hate I find that that that word is something that actually tends to um reach out and hook people really well and it was also a question so it feels like you're talking directly to the audience and C was actually using messaging around it being fast and being easy and it was also a lot more problem solution oriented and now it's really interesting too as we're doing this messaging analysis something that I like to think about is huh at what part of the marketing Journey potentially is this ultimately targeting and a part of the analysis we did on this creative after we ran it was oh actually messaging B had the most scalable messaging because it was able to appeal to the widest range of people to more of that problem aware SL unaware segment so you know we did see initially actually a was the one that came out of the gate and was starting to convert a lot more quickly because it was getting more of that low hanging fruit right it was easier to convert down in the funnel But ultimately the one that ended up running and winning for us the longest was the one that had that more scalable messaging so this is advanced stuff right but it is important when you're doing that analysis to understand hm potentially why is this is converting better for my audience is it because it's more scalable potentially additional data you can find inside of ads manager that I find as helpful for analyzing creatives is going to be your breakdown data so this is going to be things like your age your placements and even your gender being able to look at specific creative tests and say ooh was this pulling into a certain age demographic how is that potentially impacting the overall performance maybe if we see oh we find that as specific creative is actually targeting more of the 50 plus range and that's working a lot better for us that might be a sign that we want to develop more creative for that audience or speak more directly to that audience an interesting thing to see too about placements is oh is Instagram or Facebook working better for my brand is the feed or even stories or reals what's really moving the needle here is that because of how we're actually formatting the specific creatives there's a lot to potentially pull apart there and then finally comparative data now I think that no analysis is really complete candidly without comparing it to other data points that you have now some of this can be your own data points like your own top performers or your own current tests that are currently going on I often find that when you are analyzing creative being able to compare it to your own performance can be really helpful in Illuminating where it's falling inside of your general ecosystem but another comparative data set that you can have too potentially is your competitor data so what you can actually look at is see hey what types of AD creative is my competitors running is it similar to what we are running are they seeming to be learning similar things using similar formats similar messaging strategies and also look through the lens at their messaging and seeing how scalable potentially their messaging is and if they seem to be repeating anything month over month now I know a lot of that is super complicated that's why it's more of the advanced stuff right I do have a slide here for how this tends to look if I am going super in depth on a specific creative test and how everything is lied out now again I know that this is a lot of work and this isn't something that I suggest for every single task but if you're doing a really big swing or you find that you have a unicorn Banger of ad that is scaling to the Moon you might want to do an in-depth analysis like this so that you can really pull apart the things that are actually working here and can actually help you to get to the next level and make another winning ad and that's it don't forget I also have that creative reporting checklist for you guys if you learned anything at all in this video please be sure to give me a like And subscribe because those small things really do help me out so much as a Creator and I can't wait to see you guys again next week see you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @DaraDenney [9 likes]: I'm curious about this: How many of you currently use Motion for your creative analytics?
  2. @imurgsg [2 likes]: DOUBTS:

1. what's the ideal duration to test the new creatives (3 days or a week or more than that?)

2.Is a creative refresh the only solution? Some creatives perform well for about three days, but after that, the cost per lead or purchase begins to rise. If this happens, I believe it’s due to either creative fatigue or audience fatigue, as those seem to be the only two reasons I can identify. Since we consistently use broad targeting, there's little chance of audience fatigue—unless I'm mistaken. That leaves us with creative fatigue as the main issue. However, we can’t produce 4-5 new creatives each week. So, how can we improve performance and scale our efforts?



Two requests:

1. Could you please make a video explaining the different cases of why an ad isn't working or increment in key metric like (CPM OR CPL) and how we can tackle it, is it just by killing old and getting new creatives?, OR are there any other ways?

2. Could you please make a video specificall for lead gen?




I STARTED MY MEDIA BUYING CAREER  from 2025 apr right after completion of UG (BBA), I started with running meta & google ads, more foucsed on video format, but i struggle to interpret the data & unable to tell what next steps we need to do, it's like stuck & overwhelmed, after watching this video i got some space to breath in & re-work, thank you so much for this video @DaraDenny, I watched this more than 7 times now!
  3. @thatgirlwhocamps: Are you able to do an updated video with a B2B perspective? Love your content! Thanks
  4. @orzewski: Thanks! Those two custom video metrics are godsend!
  5. @jhoncandia: thnks for sharing.
  6. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  7. @warum10: Can you make a video for the bidding strategies and what case use for each strategy and what type of goal can be achived with each
  8. @ZeinabHassan79: please can you dub your videos with arabic egypt please I like your channel
  9. @TheAireaidLord: i absolutely fucking hate Meta's UI. its so confusing
  10. @sweetsiesher2509: What are bidding strategies and attribution settings
  11. @karimewad5273: I'd love to understand attribution setting from you
  12. @sairamcharansudagoni: Why do brands have multiple agencies and how does the pixel tracking for it?
  13. @King_Of_Prosperity: nice
  14. @makrammaddah: Dara, as a Junior Creative Strategist who is looking to grow my experience asap, your channel has never failed to fill a gap in my skills.

God bless you and this channel.
  15. @joy_jm6: Can you please do more videos like this
  16. @ahmedbedwu6866: Well done, you did a great job
  17. @growwithgodbless: Well done, you did a great job
  18. @cristian.daczo1: wow this was really helpful, learned so much. Keep it up!
  19. @yousefsayed18888: Hello Dara
What's Formal about Hold Rate Metric?@DaraDenney
  20. @tenspeedDJ: Hi Dara! Do you do consulting for small businesses? Would love to chat if so. Thanks!

- Meta Attribution Just Changed — Here’s What You Need to Do Now: Kind: captions Language: en If you're running Facebook or Instagram ads right now, your conversion data may have been lying to you and Meta just admitted it. I'm going to break down exactly what changed, why it matters, and what you need to do so you're not wasting your ad budget. What's up, everyone? Welcome back to the channel. My name is Frank Kenny, head of growth and CEO here at Lion Media. And in this channel, we talk about real marketing strategy that actually grows your D2C brands. Make sure you subscribe and you don't miss these kinds of update every week. This one is going to be big. Here's what was happening. Meta was counting your clicks as more than just people actually clicking your link. We're talking about likes, shares, saves. All of that was being bundled into what Meta calls a click. Now, imagine you're an e-commerce brand and Meta says, "Hey, 500 people clicked your ad and 50 of them bought something. That's a 10% conversion rate." But in reality, only 200 of those clicks were actually link clicks to your website. Your real conversion rate was lower. This is why so many business owners have noticed their Meta numbers looks great inside Ads Manager, but your Google Analytics or Shopify dashboard tells a completely different story. Sound familiar? Well, Meta just fixed this. On March 3rd, 2006, they announced three major changes to how they track ad performance. Change number one, click-through attribution. Real clicks only. Click-through attribution now only counts real link clicks. No more inflating your numbers with likes and shares. Those interactions still gets tracked, but in a separate bucket called engaged-through attribution. Change number two, video engaged view threshold, 10 seconds to 5 seconds. For video ads, the engaged view threshold dropped from 10 seconds down to 5 seconds. Why? Because Meta's own data shows that 46% of purchase conversions from Reels happen within the first 2 seconds of someone watching. People are acting fast and Meta adjusted to reflect that. Change number three, third-party tools now get Meta view data. Third-party tools like Triplewhale and Northbeam will now be able to pull in Meta's view data directly. This is huge for agency and brands using attribution tools because your number will finally start matching up. Why this matters for your business? Here's the bottom line. If your Meta ad reports look amazing before, they might look a little bit different now. That's actually a good thing. You want accurate data. You want to know what's actually working. If you were making budget decisions based upon related link clicks, you may have been investing in campaigns that weren't actually driving traffic to your website. Going forward, you have a much cleaner picture. Real clicks, real conversion, real ROI. And if you're comparing Meta's data to Google Analytics or your e-commerce platform, they should start aligning much more closely now. What to do now? So, what should you actually do after watching this? Three things. Number one, go into your Ads Manager and pull a report from before and after March 3rd. Comparing your click numbers, if you see a drop, don't panic. It doesn't mean your ad stopped working, it means the data is now more accurate. Number two, if you're using a third-party analytic tools like Triplewhale or Northbeam, check to make sure it's updated to pull in Meta's new view data. This integration is rolling out now. Number three, reassess your winning campaigns. If a campaign was performing well based upon old click data, re-evaluate it with clean data. You might find some campaigns were stronger than you thought or some were being propped up by fake numbers. Meta making this change is honestly a win for advertisers who care about real results. At AdVantage Media, this is exactly the kind of stuff we track so our clients always have accurate data driving their decisions. If you want a free audit of your current Meta attribution setup, drop a comment below and hit the link in the description. We'll take a look. Don't forget, like this video, subscribe, and we'll see you in the next one.

- How Facebook Ad Attribution REALLY Works...: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever been suspicious of what Facebook is reporting or I've seen your ad account go from having days that are absolutely amazing the days that are costing you dollars by the minute or you've clicked this video just to have a better understanding of what attribution actually means inside of Facebook today's video I'm going to break down everything you need to know about attribution inside of Facebook ads and show you exactly how to understand the data that Facebook provides what's going on everyone it's Spencer here if you're new to the channel I actually run a growth focus agenc by the name of easy media where we help multiple six and seven figure Shopify Brands scale their sales profitably and in today's video like I mentioned at the beginning we're going to be diving deeper into Facebook's attribution and how to actually understand it so that you can scale your ads effectively and actually figure out whether or not your ads are really performing at our agency we work with all different kinds of Brands some of our Brands solely rely on Facebook ads and we can measure pretty easily whether or not our ads are having an impact on total sales and then on the other side we have some brands that have a massive organic presence and Facebook ads really don't have as much as an impact on their bottom line but no matter your scenario it's so important to make sure you can clearly understand the data that Facebook is reporting so you can make better decisions based on that data that you have to grow your business a lot more efficiently and ultimately make more profit now with that said let's go ahead and dive on the screen and Le a little bit more about Facebook's attribution models we're now inside the adset level and I've gone ahead and just created a dummy campaign here just to show you what the attribution settings look like and while you're setting up your ad and obviously optimizing for purchase conversions you'll notice there's a Blue Link here that says show more options by clicking this link it will open up the actual attribution settings that Facebook has as you can see Facebook is telling you actually what these attribution settings mean so for example with a one day click and view setting our system would learn from conversions that happen within a day and show ads to people likely to convert within that day Facebook has two ways to optimize conversions for you and basically apply attribution inside the ads manager based on the events that happen within that time period so in this instance right here which is the default setting of 7day click and one day view this means that if someone clicks your ad and within 7 Days of clicking your ad actually go and purchase Facebook will take attribution for that and give credit to whatever ad the person actually clicked and if we look at view through you'll be able to see that this is set on one day which basically just means that if your ad is shown to someone and within a 24-hour period they then purchase on your store Facebook will Al take attribution for that as well now you'll notice if you actually toggle this that there are only two options for Facebook's clickthrough data 7 days and one day again the default for Facebook is always going to be 7 days and the reason why we also recommend using 7 days for clickthrough attribution is because we want Facebook to have access to as much data as possible now if you are a brand that is spending hundreds of thousands of dollars per month sometimes you might play around with the click the attribution and actually move to a one-day click window but for most people you're just going to want to stick on on 7-Day click through attribution which is going to be again the default and what we recommend to use inside of your ad account now if we look at the view through attribution you'll see that there's the option to select none or to select one day and again because we want Facebook to have as much data as possible to work with we always recommend using one day view we have tested just 7day clicks and zero view through attribution but we find that just leaving it on the one day view helps Facebook continue to learn and optimize with the data that it has now there is a new attribution setting down here called engage view but that's only on specific accounts so you don't have to worry about this for now main point that I want to get at with all this is there are four attribution windows that you can use 7day click in one day view 7-Day click in zero day view one day click in one day view one day click in zero day view we have tested all of these different attribution combinations and we have found that 7-Day click and one day view always leads to the best overall results now for all of you that are currently running ads no matter what your campaign structure is Facebook will report results or purchases within that attribution setting so again if someone clicks an ad on Monday and purchases within 7 Days of clicking that ad so say for example they purchase on Friday Facebook will then report that as a result inside of the results column here if someone views your ad on Monday and then as purchases Monday night Facebook will also apply attribution inside of this results column here now this is where most people will stop but because we're going to dive in deeper I'm going to show you how to actually see view through versus click through data right inside of your account so what you're going to do is you're going to click your columns over here if you don't see it then just click the three bars and you're going to scroll down to the bottom and you're going to click compare attribution settings by clicking that it's going to pull up a tab that says would you like to look at one day view one day engage 1 day click 7day click or 28 day click what you're going to select is 1 day view 1 day click and 7day click and click apply three comparisons now you'll notice Facebook is actually going to divvy up all of this data based on each attribution setting now you're probably wondering why do I care about this the reason why you should care because click-through data to us at the agency represents and shows us that our ads are actually getting clicks and are actually leading to conversions compared to ads that might just be running in the feed to existing customers and not really doing a whole lot other than collecting attributions if someone is clicking your ad and purchasing within 24 hours that's a pretty powerful app and the reason why that's important is because we' realized that the agency that will dictate how scalable your ads actually are and if we do some quick math and do 134 / 214 you'll see that about 58% of our purchases are actually coming within 24 hours of people clicking our ad that's a pretty solid ad and you'll see here that only 49 of our 214 total purchases actually came from this one de view attribution window now if we dive deeper we can actually see our CPA per attribution again our total Blended CPA here was about $60 but our CPA on 7-Day click was about 77 which again is a good number for us and we'd like to see that our click-based attribution data is leading inside of the ad account because again if you're getting people to click your ad and purchase that typically means they're more effective ads and just to be clear as well if you add up the 7-Day click and one-day view purchases as you can see you will get the total amount of purchases that Facebook has actually reported and you can also see over here the splits between everyone's favorite return on ad spin so inside of here we can see that in total this account was at a 3.18 return on ad span and 0.57 of that came from view through attribution and 2.6 of that came from click base attributions which tells us again that these ads are probably going to be a lot more scalable compared to another account that I'm going to pull up right now now if we take a look at this account over here you'll notice that last week we had 140 of our 192 purchases actually come from one day view which if we do the math 140 divided by 192 is about 73% of total purchases have just come from this one debut attribution window now if your ad account looks like this it's typically because of the following reasons number one you're probably targeting wide open which means you're not excluding previous customers or people who have previously purchased and if you have a product that people can buy over and over again Facebook is smart enough to know that those people are more likely to purchase compared to people who don't know anything about you and depending on how many customers you have Facebook is just going to keep showing ads to those people and I can actually confirm for this client as as you can see last week our frequency was about a 3.36 which is pretty high another reason why you might have heavy view through attribution is because you have other sources that are actually driving a lot more Revenue than your Facebook ad account for example this client in particular has a massive organic presence and is also spending 10 times as much with us over on Google ads which means that our Google ads and our organic presentence are doing a lot of the heavy lifting to get customers into the business and Facebook is basically basically just saying Hey I want some attribution too and I'm going to show some ads to these people who are already worn take my attribution and make you spend more money on my platform so as you can see in this instance if we were to just look at this Facebook ad account and see a 16x return on ad spend we might think let's spend as much money as we can on these ads and keep scaling but if you actually dive deeper into the data and understand what's happening we're still doing a decent job of getting a 4X on our click data but if we were to try to scale this aggressively which for most people who are getting the 16 to1 return would empty their Bank accounts on this that this would definitely not scale and would not maintain because the majority of our conversion data is on view through attribution which means Facebook is just showing ads to people who are already likely to purchase and not really doing a lot of prospecting a lot of times when you see ads that aren't really getting a lot of spend inside of Facebook and you're looking at you know your prospecting ad or the bad ad that has a lower return on ad spend and that ad that isn't getting as much spend has a prettier return on ad spend most of the time it's just viewr attribution that that ad is picking up and the ad that's getting more spend and is having to do all the work has a lower return because Facebook is forcing it to prospect where the other AD that just gets a lower amount of spending can be shown to the same people over and over now the question is is how do we overcome this and how do we force Facebook to get us more healthy click data compared to just hogging attribution all the time well if you ask us there's basically three ways to do it number one you can create better ads and by creating better ads and having a better strategy on the ads that you create Facebook will actually take those ads and do a lot more prospecting for you which is exactly what happened in this account when we launched a new DCT and it started taking all the spend and actually started outperforming the second thing that you can do is you can force Facebook to start doing more prospecting for you simply by excluding previous and past purchasers if you're wondering how to do that just download your customer list from Shopify or create a custom audience using the Facebook pixel and just make sure you exclude that audience inside of each and all of your adsets and the third way around it is you can install a third party attribution tool which my favorite is triple whale analytics and as you can see we're now inside of Triple L analytics and we're actually going to have a little bit better attribution and more freedom on moving around our attribution models inside of this account we are currently looking at triple attribution plus views and over the last week we have been at a 20.78 exp return on ad spend which is actually higher than Facebook reported but with a click of a button we can go to Triple attribution and now get way better insights on what our click attribution data is which over here you can see has now cut this return on ad spend in half and now for my favorite part of triple whale and why I recommend clients who are on the channel or are getting heavy view through attribution to actually go ahead and download this for their brand is because you can use their total impact model which will actually chop it down even further and give you a way better understanding of the impact your ad platforms are actually having on your business as a whole and if you want to see more information on this I actually have a video on this on my channel which you can check out using the link down below and now by using aor like total impact you'll be able to see that as much as I would love love to tell our clients that we're at a 22x return on ad span the reality is is we're closer to a four to a 5x return on ad span when considering all of the other attribution sources in this client's business because as you can see a lot of their sales are coming from SMS and organic which if we're taking credit for what these other platforms are doing which Facebook loves to do can lead to us wasting money and scaling ads in properly which is something that we see so many brands do on a day-to-day basis so again the reason why it's so important to know your numbers is number one you want to have confidence when you're scaling your account you don't want to be scaling data that is based off of other channels you want to be scaling Facebook based off the performance that Facebook is actually giving you number two you can end up wasting a lot of money on platforms like Facebook simply by thinking you're getting a better return than you actually are and number three if you're working with an agency you might be getting overcharged like crazy based on performance that isn't actually adding up as you can see this client did about $45,000 in sales last week and triple whale has allowed us to divy up that attribution across all of their platforms if we're to switch this attribution model to Triple attribution plus view you can see it's now reporting close to Triple the amount of conversion value as it's giving attribution to each and every single platform and if you're wondering Facebook doesn't care about other platforms if Facebook got a purchase it's going to report its purchase so if you are working with an agency you could be getting charge massive performance fees right now for work that they're not even responsible for so all in all that's why it is so important to know your numbers understand the attribution windows and be able to dive deeper into the data so you can actually figure out what is going on and you can scale your performance a lot more confidently and a lot more profitably so that's all I have for you today if you enjoyed this video I just ask to click the share button down below and send it over to someone else who you think could get value from this video by sharing this with a friend or someone else that you know in the space it can help you provide value to someone else and as always if you're a multiple 6 or seven figure Shopify brand looking for the help of a growth focused agency I'd highly recommend the book of call me down below to get your custom growth plan but that said thank you so much for taking the time to watch this video I hope you got a lot of value and I will see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @SmartBuy.Reviews [1 likes]: great stuff bro, so if the view attribution is very high compared to the click one, do you advise us to exclude purchasers in our audience? or simply optimize based on clicks and continue leaving the audience open?
  2. @JordanKilgour [1 likes]: Actually an insanely valuable video, people are sleeping on Spencer's content!

- Platform Attribution Is Stealing Your Budget Decisions: Kind: captions Language: en Most marketing problems are not caused by bad ads. They're caused by bad reporting. And until you fix the reporting, you're optimizing on the wrong foundation. For those of you that don't know me, my name is Jeff Welsh. And last year, my company generated over 6 million in revenue on multiple accounts. All from a proven process that we developed over the years known as the revenue roadmap. And in this video, I'm going to share with you exactly how my business handles analytics and reporting to ensure success for our campaigns. Let me paint a picture for you. A client looks at Facebook's dashboard and sees strong performance. Then they open Google Ads and they see conversions there too. Next, they check Shopify on their CRM and the revenue does not match what the platforms are claiming. Every platform is taking credit for the same sale. Now, the numbers are inflated in one place and underwhelming in another. Trust starts to erode. The client wonders what's real. Budgets get adjusted emotionally. campaigns get paused prematurely and suddenly the issue is not performance, it's confusion. Here's the shift. Most marketing issues are not creative problems, they're attribution problems. When reporting is unclear, decision-making becomes reactive. And reactive decision-m is expensive. This is why our weekly reporting process is disciplined and non-negotiable. Every single week, we reconcile platform data against actual store revenue, not estimated revenue, not modeled conversions, real transactions. We remove attribution overlap. We account for refunds. We subtract canceled orders. Then we validate performance against what truly hit the bank account. That gives us one source of truth, one clean number. And once clarity exists, optimization becomes intelligent. With clear data, trust is established. Clients know exactly what is driving revenue. We can confidently adjust targeting, creative bidding strategies, and budget allocation. If efficiency shifts, we catch it quickly before waste compounds. Accurate weekly analytics also allow us to forecast responsibly. Year-over-year growth plans are built on verified data, not inflated dashboards. Scaling becomes deliberate and sustainable. Our monthly results are not accidental. They're the outcome of consistent, disciplined reporting. Clarity builds trust. Trust builds confidence. Confidence drives smarter optimization. And smart optimization creates predictable growth. Most marketing problems are not ad problems. They're reporting problems. Fix the reporting and everything else gets easier.

- How To Analyze Facebook Ad Results For Your eCommerce Business!: Kind: captions Language: en it's easy to get overwhelmed in all the metrics in your ad account in fact there are more than 350 metrics in your facebook ads manager this sounds insane and this will only overwhelm you so what i'm gonna do in this video i'm gonna simplify that and i'm gonna show you only the most relevant metrics for your business and by the end of this video we'll reduce those metrics to at maximum around 30. in facebook ads manager we have a drop down where we can select some presets of columns from facebook but usually what i do i create my own set of columns that it's much easier to follow and it's giving me a much clearer picture of what's going on in my ad account so i can make much smarter decisions and i'm gonna show you exactly how i customize my columns for every single ad account that i am working on the first four metrics are delivery date created amount spent and budget now these ones they are not extremely and extremely important but i just want to know for me what i created what is the delivery is that in the learning phase is that in ever active phase where in the learning limited i just want to know that because that will tell me some kind of ideas about that specific campaign again with date created i just want to know when i created that campaign because when i have multiple and multiple ads i can get lost and i can forget when i created that ad with budget and amount spent i think i don't need to clarify here it's pretty straightforward it's basically how much you spend and how much money you are spending for that ad now here is getting more interesting what i love to do i love to start with the metrics that are telling me what is the performance from the bottom of funnel towards the top of a funnel so first i start with the metrics like purchase return spend the purchases in terms of amount the purchase conversion value and the cost for acquisition whatever cost per purchase now this is something that you want to pay attention especially to the return on spend and your cost per purchase and the rule that i follow is when i look at the ad level not at the headset level where i'm testing audiences or at the campaign level i'm talking about the ad level where you are testing your creatives so they are if your lifetime spend is 2x of your cost per purchase then simply cut that ad with no emotions like literally if you observe that your cost per purchase let's say on average is 30 and your lifetime spend is 60 and you have not got any purchases just simply cut that out because most likely it's not going to generate you any sales at that time you're just leaving money on the table when we go far from next i'm going to have the metrics that are related to the check how it so i'm going to have checkouts initiated in terms of volume the amount of check how it's initiated cost per checkout initially and the conversion value of checkouts now i want to follow that because i want to see the discrepancy between checkouts initiated and purchases if i see that the discrepancy is higher than usually 50 percent then in that case there is a problem with a checkout most likely is because some unhidden taxes or shipping fees where the checkout process is quite complicated that is stopping people to take action and move forward so you're going to work on that after checkouts i do the same with echocard and again i want you to follow the discrepancy between echo card and check how it's initiated if i see again it's higher than 50 then there is a problem at the card page usually the problem with a lot of actual card is that people do not trust your brand they kind of like your product that's why by adding to your card but there is no enough social proof and guess what i do the same with condom views i have two columns instead here only content views in terms of volume and cost per content view if a discrepancy between content views and that your card is high then the problem is in your landing page it doesn't have enough value it doesn't tell story and it doesn't help a person to see why they should choose you your brand instead of your competitors after setting up the columns that they are telling me what is going on outside over facebook i also create some custom columns now these are not in the ads manager but you also can create custom columns and that is average word of value and your conversion rate to create your own metric what you gotta do is when you are customizing your sets click on the create custom metric and the way you insert the formula i'll make sure i'll put here a screenshot so you can see what is the formula for average order value so the reason we want to have these metrics in your ads manager is because some ads they will have a much higher average order value those ads you should definitely follow you have to take a look whatever patterns whether customer purchased more from that particular ad than the other ones and then take that as a guide and create more content like that with conversion rate it's the same thing you look which ones have a much higher number of conversions and then you create more ads that have similarities in different patterns from that winning ad okay so now we will talk about with some of our metrics that tell us more about our ad creatives our ad copies and in overall how the campaign is performing so our first metric is what i call three second hook now this is again a custom metric that you gotta create so here's a screenshot on how to create this one and basically this one is going to track in terms of percentage how many people are stopping at your ads one iterative testing that you gotta do in your ads manager all the time is testing the first three seconds basically the hook the action the thing that is stopping the viewer or the user from scrolling on their feed or through swiping through stories usually when this metric has a much higher percentage also the return spend is higher but sometimes there are some exceptions here next one is video retention it's again a custom metric where you can create like this and this one will tell us in terms of again percentage how many people are watching the entire video so overall these metrics they are telling us how our ad creatives are performing and one more that i want to emphasize when it comes to tracking the performance of my ads is engagement rate because nowadays i notice quite frequently that when i have a much higher social proof in terms of like likes shares comments also the conversion rate suddenly is higher as well so time to time i also test ads with social proof and with no social proof because i really want to know if likes and shares they affect the results of my overall ad campaign i know that a question that will come up is what is a good percentage for having for three second hook video retention engagement rate and that simply depends on your business there is not a magic percentage for every single business is different for some businesses i observed that when it comes to a three second hook at 20 to 30 percent that is working quite well for other businesses i observed that actually 50 is working much better when you don't know your numbers yet what i would recommend is looking at your return on that spend first and when you see that you have a high return spent for a specific ad also look at the video hook or look at your video retention and see kind of a pattern between those two metrics and then that will tell you in the future what is a good percentage for your brand other metrics that i also follow are rich impressions and frequency i put them together because they kind of make sense and they kind of relate to each other so which is how many people you've reached impressions is like in total how many times your ads has been shown to so for example if a person saw two times your ad that will count as two impressions and only one reach and frequency is on average how many times a person saw your ad if you have a frequency of two that means on average a person saw your ad two times then we have cpm which stands for cost per 1000 impressions i want to look at my cpm time to time to see if it's around 20 and up to 30 dollars if it's above 30 that means maybe there is a problem with my targeting now naturally i want to emphasize that for retargeting campaigns your cpm is going to be much higher so if you see for retargeting that you have 30 dollars that might be okay because the audience is very very small because a low cpm is happening only when you are targeting a broad audience the next metrics are ctr which stands for click for rate and cost per click or cps so these two ones again they are telling me how good are our ads and how much they are resonating with the audience that we are targeting so often when you have a high cost per 140 impression and also a high click-through rate that means that you are targeting a pretty competitive audience but your ads are pretty good when you have a low ctr usually below one percent and a very high cost per click then in that case the problem might be in your ad creatives or your ad copies i want to leave you with one fold so when you are analyzing your ads look at every single metric and of course if you see that you have a high cost per click usually above one dollar a lower click for rate lower than one percent then yes in that case most likely is the problem in your ad creators but if you see that you have like very low cost per click and uh like very low add to cart in that case the problem is there not in your ads this is a mistake that many business owners are making they are assuming that if the ad campaigns is not working then it's only and only the problem in their ads in in their campaigns but actually that might not be the case now you know in this short period of time what are the most important metrics to track for optimizing your ads and i have a video where i talk in details about how to optimize your ads using very simple formulas now don't be scared when i say formulas it's not gonna be a math class it's literally very easy and that will take your ads to the next level so check out the video right here

- Why Your Approved Google Ads Are Not Running (And How To Fix It): Kind: captions Language: en your Google ads are approved but they're not running I've been in this position before and I've addited accounts with this exact problem and normally it's one of a few issues in today's video I'm going to show you exactly how to start getting clicks and conversions in your actual account in case your ads are approved but you're not seeing any results whatsoever if you don't know who I am my name is Matt I run Tradesman digital marketing today's video I'm going to walk you through how to solve all of those issues so sit back relax and let's get into it the first and foremost thing you should look into is budget generally if your ads are approved but you're seeing absolutely no results chances are maybe your budget is just too low or your bid strategy is set too low as well how we would go about changing that is pretty simple we're going to come over here into our Google ads account we're going to click on campaigns as you can see we're going to click on campaigns again and you can get to it in one of two ways one is just coming over here and hitting the gear icon or here hitting the settings icon and then doubling it and clicking it again same exact same thing for this one we're going to click on the gear icon and as you can see we have all of our settings what a small budget could be is maybe you've set it too low it could be let's say $5 a day and Google ads just sees no way of getting any clicks for that amount and they're just not running the ad in order to change that you just click on this change it to whatever you want maybe it's $100 a day maybe it's $1,000 a day maybe it's $50 a day we're going to switch it to $50 for this example we're going to click save and that might start getting your actual Impressions up clicks up sales up uh and you know conversions and sales and all that great stuff if that doesn't fix it another thing you can do is look at the actual bidding strategy normally we recommend using maximize Clicks in the very beginning the reason for this is it allows you to get a lot of data in very quickly you figure out what the average cost per click is normally around that time as well and then once you have about 20 conversions you flip it over to maximize conversions and you start seeing very good results compared to maximize clicks but the data Gathering period is super important and you cannot skip that step so in case youve set your maximum cost click bid limit too low you can check out our Google ads Keyword Planner video I think it shows you as well on how to actually find the correct bid limit normally you just go into the Keyword Planner you look for the high end of the page bid limit normally the same or a little bit more is completely fine and you can start getting uh actual clicks on this now you can always just check this off and only just set it to maximize clicks without an actual bid limit normally I don't love doing that because sometimes it will just spend a crazy amount of money on random clicks for whatever reason Google ads isn't perfect so I like putting in a fail safe of some type of bid limit so it doesn't spend $100 on a click so for this example let's do $15 I always recommend adding a decimal point after this and adding pennies the reason being is you actually are in a bid system and an auction house and those two pennies or three pennies will actually make a difference so uh for this example we'll just do 0.25 and then we'll hit save now this should allow you to essentially rule out a budget problem if all of these are good and Google ads isn't flagging you for any sort of budget chances are not a budget problem at this point and we can move on to our next step the next step is probably going to be search volume and that is if you're not getting your ad in front of enough people there's just not enough people out there for your specific product or service how do we solve that well there's a lot of ways you can you can turn on the actual Google search Partners Network which is back here in the settings which is pretty easy to do while we come down all we have to do is come down here to networks click on it and then add the search Network do not add the Display Network it is terrible I've talked about this in many a video it's absolutely horrendous please don't use it but the search network will allow you to actually get on other websites and essentially companies that have partnered with Google to essentially make the ad process easier for them you can display on other search networks which is cool the issue is it's not as monitored as Google's organic search so be wary when testing this out all we have to do is hit save and we're good to go another thing you could do is come in here to your actual campaign we'll come in here let's see what ad groups are active uh all of the are active let's do you know full installation maybe our keywords are in exact match type in that case in scenario all we'd have to do to expand the available Impressions we're able to get would be simply switch the match type up so if we were an exact match we could essentially just go from exact match to phrase match or phrase match to Broad match super simple super easy and very quick uh of course all you have to do to change this click on this under match type very easy to do if for whatever reason you you do this you're still not getting any views or Impressions what you can do is then add more keywords go back to the Keyword Planner find more keywords and add them in that's also something that is worth looking at I just released a video on how to actually do keyword research find the best keywords for your campaign make sure they're profitable that video is worth a look if you're having issues not having enough keywords and of course the amount of keywords for every account is going to be different so there's no specific amount but you do want to make it somewhat manageable I wouldn't say have a 100 keywords in one ad group that's going to be ridicul ully difficult to manage um so I normally stick anywhere from 5 to 15 keywords in an ad group you should be fine of course you can always build more and more ad groups later on now if this still hasn't worked you can always come into the actual location settings which can be found if we go back into our campaigns click on the gear icon and then our actual location settings should pop up right here and as you can see we're targeting all of onaral and we have a few excluded locations if we want to add more we can simply hit advance search and add in whatever we like very simple to do but very important if you don't have a big enough area and you're only targeting one small City maybe there's just not enough people there for you to actually get impressions on and that is something I see quite commonly where people are like hey I want to run Google ads but only in a 10 mile radius and there's only a thousand people living here and no one's searching for pool installation in January there's your problem you need a bigger area which quite frequently happens which is uh shocking to me sometimes now moving forward with targeting settings is another super important thing which is the actual audience settings which I've seen a few times people I I say this in my search campaign tutorial video but sometimes people just don't listen to me under audiences we can come over here click on audiences and there's two settings there is an observation mode and then there is also the targeting mode if we click on show table we see all of the audience segments we are not targeting we are in observation mode as you can see this is a demo account so it's not targeting anything right now but if we click on audience segments and we click on campaign level we can see targeting in observation mode if you have it in targeting your search will be limited to these demographics and in market segments and whatever else you add to this this can be good can also be bad especially if these are very limited if there's only a 100 people in this specific area or in this specific audience you're going to be very limited on the amount of people who can actually see these ads so please make sure at least in the beginning when you're trying to get it going you have it in observation mode not Target all you have to do is click on observation hit save and you're good to go now the next thing you also want to look at is where and when your ads are displayed like I said in the location part that is pretty self-evident you need a decent area to actually have these campaigns displayed what we're going to do is actually change the times these actual ads are showing up in case you're only appearing one day a week I've seen people set this up improperly the actual times or they are confused about the time zone uh what you can do is click back on all of your campaigns make sure you're not just selecting one campaign click audience keywords and then come down to add schedule you can also click on locations here as well but as you can see all of the different campaigns and everything here we can adjust for the actual ad schedule which is fantastic so if we click on this we can see that they are added uh Mondays 8 a.m. till 500 p.m. all the way to Fridays 8: a.m. till 5: pm. so that's great maybe you want to change that very easy to do we can just add a schedule we could add Saturdays and Sundays or all dayss or change this very easy to do but something that is sometimes overlooked and very important inside Google ads to make sure it's correct because if you have the improper times your ads may not be running as well as they could be now the next thing I would look into is the actual quality of our ads keywords and essentially the message match of what Google ads wants Google ads wants you to have a keyword that has an ad that is relevant to the keyword the person just typed in and they are sent to a landing page that represents that ad so if someone types in for example pool installation your ad says looking for Pool Install click here get a free quote and then they're taken to a landing page where they can get a free quote and that's social proof and they can enter their information Google ads wants a nice easy Journey for the customer however if you have a terrible ad or the keyword isn't align well with the actual ad or the landing page you can have a bad quality score now sometimes this is so bad and normally anything below three won't run it's ranked on a system 1 to 10 if you have a 10 Google essentially gives you a bonus and it's happy and it's like hey these ads are fantastic I and will essentially discount the cost per click a little bit but if it's low and Below five normally you're going to get a little bit of tax on that and sometimes Google ads will go so far as to just stop showing your ad so it's important to take note of where your quality score is especially if you're not seeing any Impressions or anything like that what you can do is segment by the campaign you want to look at hit Search keywords under the audience keywords in content section and then we're going to come over here to columns in case you don't have this added what you can do is come over here to columns very easy type this in quality score add this hit apply and now when we come across you'll see quality score if this all has one out of 10 chances are it's a quality score issue Google doesn't like your ads Google doesn't like your landing page it doesn't like the keyword you're going after for whatever reason so you're going to have to restructure the account you're have going to have to build out new ad groups which align the keywords with the ads and the landing pages and if you can do that chances are you're going to have a good quality score and you're not going to have to worry about not getting any Impressions clicks or conversions later on so something very important to look at the next thing I would look at is going into your actual ads and making sure there's no policy violations this also comes across with the keywords as well maybe you're in a specific industry that uh you're not allowed to bid on those specific keywords for whatever reason that normally flags and it will say status here you can hover over it'll be like keyword can't run because of policy violation y yada yada you can easily fix this by either getting contact with Google filling out the correct form uh there's a lot of things you can do with this or appealing the ad overall what you can do is also click on ads and again look at the status here hover over it make sure that there is no status violations because this is going to essentially pause your ad with it still being active and that could be a big reason as to why you're not seeing any Impressions even though the ad is running what you can do in this situation is appeal the ad or get in contact with Google ads as well this is something that we've had to do in the past where the account looks great but we're not seeing any Impressions whatsoever we get in contact with Google and they go yep there's something flagged on your account they take 5 minutes they resolve it and then the account is running within 24 hours and they could only see it on their side for whatever reason this doesn't happen a lot but we have experienced it in the past so if that doesn't work as well get in contact with Google ads they have a helpline very very easy to use and I would highly recommend checking it out if all of this stuff has failed now once you go through that entire process and worst case scenario you get in contact with Google ads and they tell you exactly what's going wrong with your account you're then going to need to optimize your account cuz it's going to be running and I would highly suggest checking out our Google ads optimization checklist it's completely free and the link for it is down below it walks you through on what to do on a weekly monthly and three-month basis it also allows you to jot down your results so you know that you're making progress month over month and it's just nice to have Pilots have checklists and I'm clearly not as smart as a pilot but it's just nice to have as a foolproof plan cuz sometimes I forget and it's just easy that way again completely free and the link is down below now if you have any comments questions or concerns about Google ads leave a comment down below let me know what you're thinking other than that you guys have a wonderful day take care and I wish you all well [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @isaac.handley [3 likes]: Did everything and the I used the Ad Preview (under troubleshoot) and it says "We don't know what is wrong with your ads". It's super reassuring when google says that😂
  2. @borntobewealthyfoundation [2 likes]: I have a google ad grant for my nonprofit all ad campaigns were running then all of a sudden they all stopped running on the same day flatlined. any insight on this? I have 10k a month on ads spend maxed
  3. @cryptoruss4458 [2 likes]: My ads are not showing and its been over 2 weeks that im tryng to figure out what the problem is. All the things you listed are good on my end but im not getting any impressions. Google help was no help, they say increase the budget, my budget is set at $50 a day and my bid per click is at $25  so my budget is not the issue. I ran a diagnosis and the reson why my ads are not showing is this "We don’t know why your ads aren’t showing for this search" If Google doesnt know who else should know then.
  4. @abrahambaba6427 [1 likes]: You are just the best among the rest. this is super helpfull
  5. @LiamCardinal [1 likes]: You putting this up for free is actually clutch - praise to you
  6. @hambaahaable: Ads dont running while u r not adjust anything is because u neglect their phone call and email to set up a conversation..hahaha
  7. @mg8720-u7j: I fixed my ad! Its running now! I had it set on targeting! Thanks Tradesman!
  8. @divy-youtube-growth: Hey Tradesman , very good video ! I was wondering if I can help you with more Quality Editing in your videos and make  Highly Engaging Thumbnails which will help your videos to get more views and engagement . Please let me know what do you think ?
  9. @Om-gg5tk: Great video!I have a question. I own an e-commerce gift store on Shopify selling jewlery gifts that come with a message card and also personalized metal wall art as housewarming gifts..I am thinking about only running google shopping Ads for 20 products(10 jewellery + 10 metal wall art products) but I am confused how much daily budget should I set up this google shopping Ad campaigns for? As in do you decide daily budget on mean CPC per google keyword planner? If that the case then the average CPC for both my message card jewelry products and metal wall art product comes out to be $3 average so does this mean I should set up daily budget for google shopping campaign containing these 20 products to $60 per day ($20*3 CPC)? I would greatly appreciate your response, thanks!
  10. @MitressModels: You is a Awesome Teacher NoCap
  11. @crystalclearwindowsllc: new here wont let me change any the phrase matches whats the problem?
  12. @jereminsiregar: what tools you use to do record screen liie this, sir?

- Why Your Etsy Ads Aren’t Working? And How to Fix Them?: Kind: captions Language: en Running Etsy Ads can be really intimidating. Why is that? Because you're putting money, you're investing money into your business without any guarantee of results. But here's the thing, running Etsy Ads are actually an essential part to running a successful business engine. Whether you know it or not, when you choose to sell on Etsy, you're choosing to compete in a marketplace with a set of rules that you have to follow. Unlike other platforms like Shopify where you basically own your own customer data, when you sell on Etsy, you're selling on a third-party platform. And this means that you are abiding by a set of rules that you have to follow in order to win. And just like you follow SEO guidelines for keywords, your imagery, your videography, even your pricing strategies, or even down to the actual products you're selling, Etsy Ads also have their own set of rules with better or worse strategies to optimize them. And that's why in this video, we're going to be going over my top four secrets to successful Etsy advertising. So, let's get into it. By the way, guys, I just want to mention if this short video is enough for you, I have an entire free Etsy course in the link in the description of this video waiting for you if you feel like you need some more in-depth help on scaling your Etsy Ads to the max. Number one, the key to profitable Etsy Ads is first determining what you can even afford. So many people jump into Etsy Ads blind and they have no strategy backing their decisions and so they end up spending a lot of money and at the end of the month they look at what they spend versus what they made and then they determine that Etsy Ads just took their money and it didn't work for them, which in reality is just not the case because the reality is is the way that Etsy bills you is something called PPC, which means pay per click, which in the media buying world is the most fair game that you can play. And what I've seen in my five years of e-commerce, Etsy Ads have always been the cheapest cost per acquisition compared to any other platform I've ever spent money on. And so, before you even consider turning your Etsy ads on, you first need to understand the breakdown of your business. So, imagine your business is this pie chart here. And in this pie chart, you have all the different pieces of your pie that make up your business, including your shipping, your Etsy fees, your product costs, your profit margin, and of course, one of the biggest, normally one of the biggest variable expenses that you have, that is marketing. And so, the very first step, and what we actually need to do here, is for your own shop, you need to determine what is a healthy profit margin you want to clear after all expenses, including marketing. So, as you can see in this case study example, in 2023, we cleared a 36% profit margin percentage after all fees, shipping, product costs, and Etsy ads. Our goal for our company is to hit at least a 30% profit margin percentage after all of our expenses. Now, you may ask, why 30%? How did we come up with 30%? Well, for us, there's a lot of logistics involved in getting our products to market. We have to order a lot of raw materials, there's a lot of logistics involved. We need to then take those raw materials and turn it into our products, and then we have to do a photo shoot, and only then we can begin optimizing our product launches on Etsy. So, for us, it's not physically worth the labor and the effort that it costs us to make our products and bring our products to market if we're not clearing at least 30%. Whereas, if you're somebody selling digital downloads or print on demand, we don't physically touch a product, and there's no logistic nightmare on the back end of your goods, you could consider maybe a 15 to 20% profit margin, where you basically can just sell infinite products without ever having to touch a product. But again, this is subject to you and what your business goals are for your company. And over time, as your business progresses year over year, we're consistently trying to increase this profit margin percentage. Now, how does this relate to your marketing? Because if we have a profit goal in mind, we can then determine what our worst-case scenario marketing cost percentage can be for our store. So, if again, we take a look at our case study example of our shop in 2023. If you look at the screenshot, our total ad cost percentage was 14.43% with a profit margin of over 36%. So, we already exceeded our profit margin minimum goal for our shop last year at 36%. The top line revenue of 2023 was a little bit over 300,000 with a $107,000 profit. Now, if we did not spend that 14% on ads last year, our profit margin would have been 50%. This means that our worst-case scenario ad cost percentage in 2023 could have gone up to at least 20%. However, we beat that because our ad cost percentage for the whole year last year was only 14%. So, this not only ensures that we're hitting our target profit goals, but we're also making more profit for our store. Now, let's quickly run the numbers if we did not invest that 14% on ads last year. So, like I already mentioned, if we didn't spend $43,000, aka 14% of our total revenue on ads, then our profit margins would have increased to 50%. But, we would have only done $145,000 in revenue and a $72,000 profit. The difference of profit loss in 2023, if we did not invest that $43,000, would have been a minimum loss of $34,000 without spending on ads. So, we know moving forward, if we never decreased our ad cost percentage that 14% and we maintain that 14% in 2024 and 2025, we're still making more profit. If we do get that 14% say down to 12% the next year, then we are actually increasing that profit margin percentage. And this is ultimately the first step. If you don't understand what your business can even afford, then it's really really hard to optimize accordingly for how strict or how lenient you're going to be with your ads. All right, now we're going to move into secret number two, which is understanding how to invest your dollars into your ads properly. This part is going to be broken down into three major questions that you guys have. The first one is what should I set my ad budget to? Should I turn on and invest in all of my Etsy listings or just some of them? And when should I stop investing in a listing? So, let's take it from the top. What should I set my Etsy ads budget to? There are pros and there are cons to setting your budget high out the gates versus setting it low. And there's no wrong answer. The only winning when it comes to investing in your listings is that you're continuing to increase your budget and not decrease your budget. You can start as low as a dollar to $5 a day or if you want to go hard, you can go $50 a day. There's no wrong answer. Again, it's just understanding the pros and the cons of both. At the end of the day, the only way you can collect the data you need to be able to make a decision is by investing in your listings. And setting your budget higher or lower, the only thing that's changing is how fast or how slow you're going to collect that data. You toggling your budget up one day and then going down the next day, all that does is prohibits you from collecting the data you need and it also confuses the algorithm. And you're basically resetting the algorithm every single time you put your budget up and down because you're basically telling Etsy that one second you're willing to outbid your competitors and then the next second you're not. So, when you do that, it confuses where your listings belong and it's just going to take you longer to get your ad budget to the max, which is ultimately the goal. The next one is, "Should I invest in all of my listings or just some of my listings?" This is also a personal uh preference. There are pros and cons to both options. So, when I first started my shop, I put on ads for every single one of my listings, and I put my budget to $15 a day. Just like when you launch 100 Etsy listings, only a percentage of those listings are actually going to sell regularly, and only a percentage of those listings are going to make sense financially with ads. So, there's really three options when it comes to this question. The first option is to only turn on listings that are organically sell first. This is your safest, least risky line of action that you can take to start spending and investing in your Etsy ads. However, something to note here is just because something sells organically well, that does not ensure that it's going to be successful with ads. However, it is the safest play since it's proven to make a sale organically as well. Historically, if your listings aren't selling organically after months and months and months, Etsy ads are not going to be the solution to those listings not working out. So, that is why if money is uncomfortable, you can invest only in the listings that say have made a sale or a couple of sales first. Your second option, the more riskier play, and this is what I did with my business, is turn on Etsy ads for all of your listings. The pro of this is that you're giving every listing a fair shot at the algorithm, and I have had experiences where I have had listings that weren't necessarily best sellers, but they would sell here and there, but then with that additional ad spend, it would make them best sellers and one of my top producers. So, in this case, you are playing a riskier play because you're investing more money in more of your listings, but the downfall is is that you could end up investing more money or losing more money on listings that don't work out. And your third option is if money is uncomfortable for you, then I would stay away from turning your ads on completely, and allow your shop to make some organic revenue, and then reinvest that cash flow back into your business or back into your ads to help you scale faster. And the third question here is when should I turn off a listing? You should turn off a listing when you've collected enough data to be able to make a decision, and per your niche and per your sale prices, this can vary. So, let me just explain what I personally do. We invest anywhere from $40 to $60 in a listing, and by investing this amount, we know that we have collected enough data to make a decision. And the reason that $40 to $60 is entering our range of now it's getting uncomfortable for us, because $40 to $60 is our basically our sale price for some of our cheapest goods. And we know that we should be able to make a decision after this amount of spend. Now, on the contrary, if you're somebody selling low-ticket items or cheaper priced goods, or better yet, you sell cheaper goods and you have thousands of listings, you may be way more strict than say me that only has a couple hundred listings. When you have thousands of listings you can potentially be testing at a given time, and you have low sale prices, that may mean that you want to find your answer a lot quicker than say us. So, maybe that threshold of uncomfortableness happens at say $15 to $20 versus our $40 to $60. Now, the question becomes after we invest that money, what is the benchmark or what is the metric that we're actually looking at to determine whether or not this ad is working? And that is what we're going to discuss in secret number three. Number three is ensuring that your ads are actually profitable with something called TACOS. I'm going to hop over to my computer screen right here in a second, and I'm going to visually show you what this looks like. And the only thing that matters is that you're actually making more profit after that ad spend. And so, I'm going to show you how you can actually see that right now. All righty, so we are inside of a Profit Tree dashboard here, and what we are looking at is our sales metrics. So, if we come down to this pie chart here, what we're looking at is something called your ad cost percentage. So, this ad cost percentage is saying that out of the $272,000 that we collected, $41,000 went to our advertising cost. Now, we know that at a 15% ad cost percentage, this shop is making more profit, right? We already ran the numbers for last year, and if we didn't invest $43,000, we would have missed out on $34,000 of profit, not revenue. profit. And so, think of how many reviews and testimonials and organic indexing you've got from an additional $34,000 of profit. But, anyway, so if we wanted to maintain this, well, for this shop specifically, we know that we want to hit over a 30% profit. So, we actually can give up an additional 3% if we wanted to, but ideally we get this lower and lower year over year instead of going up. We want the ad cost percentage to go down and this to go up. But, historically healthy profit for this shop is 30%. So, what does that actually mean in terms of optimizing your ads? So, with our new advertisement feature, we this is hopefully making it very black and white. So, ad cost percentage and tacos, which is the metric we're going to be analyzing, is technically the same thing. So, tacos is your total advertising cost of sale, and this is calculated in the same way that your ad cost percentage on your dashboard is being calculated. It's analyzing what you spent versus the total sales that came from that initial click of that listing. And you can read the definitions here of how that's exactly being calculated. So, what I would want to do if I was looking to optimize some of these listings is I would want to see what listings aren't clearing our target tacos or our target profit margin percentage. So, you can see here 24% tacos for this listing. We obviously want to sort it by spend to see what spending in the most money. Now, 24% kind of sounds really high, but when we go ahead and we click on this listing, we can see that this listing profit percentage before ads is about 58%. So, if we actually do 58 minus the 24% that we spent on ads, this listing is still clearing out a healthy profit of about 34%. So, I technically would want to continue investing in this listing since it's still hitting my target profit. Let's see if we can find one that technically should be turned off. So, this one is above our 20% mark and it is at 22%. So, let's just see here really quick what this profit percentage is. So, the profit percentage here is 44%. So, if we subtract that 44 minus the 22% in ad cost, that would leave us with only a 22% profit margin percentage. Now, if that was not hitting our target profit, ideally we would turn that listing off because the total ad cost percentage is getting too high. And so, hopefully by analyzing it in this way, it's making your ads very black and white. Are your listings hitting your target profit or your target tacos? Are you actually making more money with your ads versus not? And just to quickly show you another case study example, you know, what would have been the outcome if I did not invest this $4,000 in this listing? So, if we hover over here, you can see that the two streams of ad revenue from this listing was about 3,600 and $8,000 and the organic revenue was only 4875. So, we said that the profit margin percentage on this listing is 58%. So, if we only relied on that organic revenue of 4875, if we do 4875 * .58, our profit would only have been $2,800. Now, on the contrary, our tacos percentage is 24% and then our profit before marketing is 58%. So, if we do 58 - 24, that's a 34% profit margin percentage. Now, if we do 34% * 16,544, that's almost double the amount of profit if we otherwise did not spend this 4,000 dollars on ads. So, at this 24% tacos, like we said, we are making more money if we otherwise were not spending. Plus, we're showing Etsy that we're playing the game of Etsy in the way that Etsy wants us to play the game. And so, this is how tacos is super beneficial to your shop. And again, it's about hitting your target tacos or either still clearing a healthy profit after you subtract out your tacos. Now, this is obviously just our first version. Our future rendition of this is we can actually show you your real profit. We also are going to include your break even point here for people that don't want to look at tacos, which everyone should. So, there's a lot of things that we can do here in terms of of enhancing this feature. This is just our very first version. So, we'd love for you to try it out. We'll have a link in the description with a special offer. And we hope to hear any of your feedback that you have as it helps us improve the platform. All right, let's get back into the video. And finally, number four, emotions are money-making killers. And you're also not alone in this as this is a universal problem that anyone has when they're investing in marketing, no matter what the platform. Things like turning your ad budget up one day and then turning it down because one day it made you a lot of sales and then one day it didn't. All that does again is just confuse the algorithm and negates you reaching the bigger goal of increasing your budget to the max. You really have to analyze your ads month over month. really make decisions within a couple of days or even a couple week periods. You really have to look at the holistic picture month over month of how your ads are performing to get real accurate data. Other things like getting overly emotional when a listing that you really really wanted to take off, that doesn't do anything good for you or your brain other than just take up brain energy that otherwise could go to creating more products and launching new things to sell. Another thing that is super common is getting super emotionally attached to listings that historically were selling good and then over time are on a downward trend. Listings do unfortunately have lifespans contingent on what you're selling and what niche you're in. That lifespan can be longer or shorter, but you just have to understand that's a fundamental part of this game. Things that were best sellers and making you great returns in 2021 does not guarantee that that same listing is going to be successful in 2025. And that is why it's better brain energy spent on consistently launching new things to sell. So, I'll bring up a picture of this waterfall, right? If the waterfall serves as the Etsy algorithm, our job as CEOs and business owners is to continually launch and test new things to sell. And out of everything that we throw at this waterfall, aka this algorithm, only a percentage of those are actually going to make it into the stream and go into the pool of water underneath. And now out of out of all those listings, like we already said, there's going to be a percentage of those that make sense with financially and make it into the second pool of water farther downstream. And our goal is to continually launch and build processes of launching new items and new things to sell so that final pool of water with our winning listings that make sense financially with ads continues to get bigger and bigger and bigger. So, when you first go to market and you first start your ads, you know, in month one, two, or three, say you have five listings that are really doing well financially in terms of tacos and profit with ads, as you begin to add more things to the top of the funnel or the top of the algorithm or the top of the waterfall, the hope is to make that five turn into 10 and that 10 into 20 as the years go on and on and on. And this continual effort is what builds a moat or sets your shop up for the max competitiveness when more competition arises because you've already indexed these listings to have really great reviews and they make sense financially with listings. And over time as some of those listings die off or, you know, the tacos begins to increase over time, it doesn't really matter because you have a process in place to continually feed it new items to sell. Guys, that is the end of this video. I hope you got some serious value. Remember on January 7th we're launching an entire free Etsy course, a course that you otherwise would spend thousands of dollars on completely for free. So make sure you subscribe to the channel because that is going live on our premier video on January 7th. All right, see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vimalaagustino4536 [6 likes]: It's also important to mention that before people start investing in ads, they need to make sure their listing is fully optimized; photos need to be amazing, SEO (particularly keyword matching) needs to be on point, all applicable attributes are filled, etc.
  2. @zimeliene [3 likes]: I don't usually write comments, but I just wanted to say a huge thank you Hannah! 🙏 Just ordered one of your products these days! I've learned so much from you, and it's been a game-changer for my Etsy shop. Thanks to you, I've been able to really grow my digital prints on Etsy. Now, because I'm so inspired by your POD journey, I'm thinking about starting print on demand and offering my artwork as framed canvas art prints. Do you think I should add these to my current shop, or would you recommend creating a separate shop just for the framed canvas art? 🤔 I'd really appreciate your thoughts on this! 😊 Big hug from Germany!!
  3. @cali.hustlers [1 likes]: Hey, I find this video super useful as a beginner on Etsy. I, however, can't decide whether it's worth investing $20 a day to sell an original 1 of 1 artwork that is worth $4000 and is currently not getting any organic views. I would really appreciate any feedback on this. Thanks!
  4. @KatPie17 [1 likes]: Love your videos! I am only getting sales with ads actually now, It used to be 50/50, no longer organic, what would you advise I should do in this case? It also seems like the ads are bring me more sales now but I am worried that my organic disappeared all of a sudden! I target the us market with my pod store from the uk - I believe I set everything that customers can see it’s shipped from USA. So not sure what else to do, any tips?
  5. @superschooled [1 likes]: Hi, we have purchased your profittree full package and are really struggling to get to grips with it. I feel like you are super familiar with it and so miss what it is like for a first timer- in this video there is one place that you say and do different things to what you are saying. It would be really useful to have a slow down training video for profittree
  6. @AlphaBetaTheta [1 likes]: Really a master piece of content.. i love the way you detailed everything and your critical thinking about how to run a successful ad .. I creat a new shop and I create my own products but I found a real problem about creating a catchy thumbnails that’s why I’m afraid to run etsy ads because I could face the problem of the low CTR .. any advice I’ll be appreciated ❤
  7. @jamesarthurwrites [1 likes]: Hannah. I really need to know where you got your glasses!
  8. @charliehamilton5832: Hi, my ROAS has been declining lately despite me making no drastic changes to my shop. I can't work out what to do. At this stage I'm down to 2 ROAS for the last 30 days despite a strong 4 in March. I don't know what to do.
  9. @joegreen8571: Hi @EcomHannah. Can You pleas tell me if Profitree software works for the UK Etsy Marketplace ? Im from England UK. Thanks
  10. @lifewithinphotography: As a new shop, what goal would you suggest when running ETSY ads?
  11. @Jen_MakersInTheWild: I don't spend any money because Etsy won't show my ads. I have a star seller badge on both my shops and have good SEO and main image, so idk why they won't show them.
  12. @armygreen87: I looked into using Profit Tree, but that do that thing where they say it is so much each month, but make you pay for the entire year upfront. I hate that. They offer a 7-day trial, but I have to provide my card to start the trial. I closed the window and they lost my business. Thank you for all of the information, though!
  13. @Sam-v9h4v: Aside from setting your daily budget are there any keywords or any type of optimization changes you can make?
  14. @bike_rider_video_race: I was getting daily orders on my Etsy account but for the past few days I have not received any orders so can you check and tell me whether the customers are able to place orders or not please please 🥺🙏 my etsy shop name is 👉 Shivanjaliplusgems
  15. @MikelPro: Hi, I've been using Etsy ads for a week and I've put in $20 a day but it only spends a maximum of $4. What could be the reason?
  16. @shadabsirkhot2323: I am running Etsy ads on 6 listings. Four of them are getting high views and sales, but two are not receiving any views. For the same type of listing, my competitors are getting multiple orders. I have tried to identify the issue but haven’t been able to solve it yet. If you understand my problem and have a solution, please share it with me.
  17. @christineyang887: Hi hannah! I cant find Tacos on my etsy ads dashboard! Only ROAs comes out. Is there something I need to click on for it to come out?
  18. @cindyleinwand5062: Hannah how on earth could I grow a shop to even a 30% margin, which is my goal.  I've been at this awhile - but when I look at your profit tree app - it looks like I'm less than 14% and my ad budget is eating up my profits.  Which I don't understand at all because once ads are clicked on, I get sales.  Do you go over this in your free training?  I'm really stressed that I'm spending as much as I'm making.
  19. @keithanderson4507: If I understand all this correctly, ads are really only good for print on demand products. Because my items are physical and  individual pieces. So I don't understand how ads would even help my shop. If I'm wrong about this, please let me know what I'm not understanding about the ad process.
  20. @keikoito4611: Hannah, thank you for another fantastic video! I previously asked about this, but I was wondering if you have plans to integrate Profit Tree with third-party shipping companies? I’m very interested in using Profit Tree, but I rely on a third-party shipping service.

- How To Stop Facebook Ad Results Dropping Off FAST!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever started a new Facebook ad campaign and seen great results initially but they only lasted a few weeks or maybe even a few days well in this video I'm going to explain why that happens and what you can do about it to make sure that your Facebook ad campaigns consistently produce great results and just for context my agency has spent more than $50 million running Facebook ad campaigns for our clients and we have run into this problem a lot and know exactly how to fix it so why do Facebook ad results drop off well there's one major reason why this happens I'm going give you the the quick explanation to start with and then going to go into more detail on how exactly you can go about fixing it which is obviously um the important part right so when you launch a Facebook ad campaign you have a target audience and whether you're using open targeting or you have some sort of targeting expansion like using Advantage Plus audience or whatever which the vast majority of advertisers are doing now you have a really large potential audience and what meta is really good at doing is finding the best possible prospects for your offer the people that are really into whatever it is that you sell and they're into it right now and knows that based on their online activity uh where they've got pixels on websites they tracking purchases uh they can see it on the activity they do based within Instagram within uh Facebook itself because of the sort of content they engage with it's a really really good determining oh this person is really into fishing and they're in the market to buy fishing products right now this ad for fishing related products let's put it in front of this person is likely to to to generate a purchase So Meta is really good at doing that and they start with the best possible prospects so out of your 2 million person audience let's say they might find the 1,000 people that are super keen and you've got a really good chance of getting to convert become a lead become a sale whatever it is you're looking to do and they start by putting your ads in front of those people now obviously there are only so many of those people the people that were literally researching products just like yours that morning there's only so many of those to put your ads in front of that afternoon so quite quickly you burn through those people so the longer you keep advertising the more you'll use up what I call hyper responsives those are the most responsive people to your marketing and then they start advertising to people that are still really quite responsive but perhaps a little bit less and then you keep advertising longer and they're advertising again to people that are still quite responsive but perhaps a little bit less you can imagine like if your target audience is like one big circle you've got the the hyper responsives right in the middle and then you sort of the longer you advertise the more and more you go out to different layers the exact same happens as you scale when you're saying to meta look before I was giving you enough budget just advertise to a th000 people and you found the best thousand well I've now doubled your budget I want you to put ads in front of 2,000 people so you've got the best thousand in there but then you've also got the next thousand which is still really good but not quite as good and then the more and more you scale the more and more you you move out um into that Circle so that's sort of the very quick explanation for why this happens uh we're definitely going to go into more detail because because it's important it's going to help you actually fix this problem um and get over it but um but that's sort of the the general overview and the really simple solution like the one liner that you could take away from this video is that if you are running into that issue uh your ads aren't good enough you need to make better ads and improve your offers cuz what you're seeing is that your ads are good enough to get those hyper responsive people the people that are so close to buying something just like your product or service anyway and you just need that little nudge to get them over the edge you AR are good enough to get those people but they're not good enough to get the people that are slightly less keen and are slightly less keen and are slightly less keen and the better and better your advertising is the more and more you're able to move out um into other people within your target audience and larger target audience hence why you're able to scale when your ad campaigns are really really good because you can still get those people that aren't quite as Keen to convert okay so let's break this down and sort of Flesh us out go into a bit more detail and think about how we're actually going to tackle this problem and and fix it and to do that I'm going to walk through uh the five stages of awareness uh it's a marketing concept you may have come across before but I think is really valuable in thinking about this problem in particular and use my bis as an example uh so we obviously Facebook advertising agency we offer Facebook advertising Services just a little side by the way if you're interested and are done for you Facebook Services we can create manage Optimizer campaigns for you you don't need to worry about any of this we'll help you get better results there's a link in the description you could book in a free navigation call with one of my team members uh to find out more so if you're interested go ahead and do that let's use our our Facebook advertising Services as an example right so in our target audience who would be people that are unaware so let's say someone's got a business and this often happens people start a business and they just sort of expected customers clients to sort of happen I know I certainly did when I first started a business that's how I got into marketing the first first place was I started uh my own business and couldn't get any customers and realized aha I need to learn marketing as a skill in order to get these customers and I turned out I enjoyed marketing more than I enjoyed the business and carried on in in in that way so it's very common when you first start a business to think customers are going to happen so that would be someone who's unaware they don't even they don't even aware that they've got a problem way off knowing that there's a solution or a particular product or whatever they're just like I think this is going to happen the next stage on would be problem aware so that would be someone who has just got that little bit further and go huh customers aren't just happening for my business I need to do something about it I have a problem I I'm not able to get customers that's my problem the next stage then would be solution aware would be one stage on from I have a problem to starting to think about okay well how would I go about I know I've got a problem of not getting any new customers how would I go about getting new customers oh okay I could do organic content I could do SEO I could run paid ads I could knock on doors I could do call calls starting to think about uh various Solutions and specific to my business Facebook as agency they would need to be aware of the solution that is oh I could run paid ads to get customers for my business that would be someone there who's solution aware and then the next stage would be product aware so this might be someone who was solution aware they know they need to um run paid ads they then you watch some YouTube videos oh see some of my stuff oh I saw you know I watch Ben's videos about how to run Facebook ads um I can see that he also has an agency where they can just do this for me they're now aware of the product and what they might be doing at that stage is weighing up uh that product versus Alternatives in the market okay and then obviously the next stage down would be hot audience people that have watched loads of videos absolutely ready to convert or perhaps people that have already bought you know from our business they've already used our services they've bought they they signed up to our Facebook ads Mastery Program and they're ready to ascend you know people that are really like very keen uh for our business specifically now what you can see is that as you sort of go down that it's much much easier to get someone to convert lower down so if we take our audience example of people that have bought say our Facebook ads Mastery um course with the community if they've been in there they've got great results it'd be much much easier to advertise to that person and get them to purchase are done for you Facebook advertising Services um it would be slightly more difficult but still relatively easy for us to get someone who's watched my YouTube videos knows that you know we have an agency with a service and I know what I'm talking about and we put ads in front of that person and get them to to convert it would be more difficult still to go another stage up and and it's not someone that's product aware they're not aware that they can hire an agency and my agency specifically they're just solution aware of like I need to run paid ads then we need to take that person we need to convince them that the agency doing it for them is the right way to go and then they should work with our agency so there's extra steps if you go a step up and you go to people who are problem aware they're not even aware that you can run paid ads to get clients so then you need to talk to those people saying things like um not getting any clients you need to meet them where they're at so they're at the problem stage not getting any clients did you know you can run paid ads to get clients did you know you can run Facebook ads to get clients did you know we could do that for you you see all the extra steps you need to go through and unaware um is obviously the most difficult so where Facebook advertisers run into problems is that they're running Facebook ads that might be good enough to get their hot audiences retargeting previous customers to buy again like that's relatively easy to do most ads are going to be good enough to do that provided they had a good experience the first time around they might be good enough to get people who are product aware like they're aware that your solution your product or service exists and they're wearing up options between you and your competitors maybe not by the way sometimes I've seen advertisers where the campaigns only good enough to get those hot audiences those that can get people who are product aware to convert uh usually last a lot longer in terms of results and they're much more scalable um there's still obviously a limit because you're taking people who are weighing up your option versus others in in many cases you need a a much much better ad to go a stage up and get people a solution aware like oh I could run paid ads but oh I didn't know an agency could do it for me oh I didn't know agencies did good results I didn't know this was a good agency maybe I should hire them you're doing a lot of things and then obviously the hire you go the harder and harder it gets take someone all the way from problem aware to purchasing take someone all the way from unaware to purchasing very very difficult to do now the best ad campaigns can take people that are fully unaware take them all through the process if you think about the type of ads that do that and and how they're pitched they're very different from say ads that are pitched at hot audiences so a hot audience uh might be retargeting existing customers and it might be as simple as a product image with a bit of a discount for a limited time only and that might absolutely Crush to that audience really simple ad the bar is not that high to get that to work but if you think about ads that would be pitched all the way at the other end of people that are unaware you would need to make them aware of the problem explain the solution explain why your product is the perfect option to solve that problem convince them to purchase yours and not someone else's and take them all the way through you can probably think of ads that you've seen that do that and think about how they start they will start by mentioning the problem so they're explaining they're taking people that are completely unaware they explaining the problem and then taking them all the way through that they can help you you think personal injury lawyers will will do this that sort of advertising all the time so if you're finding that your ads are literally dying after a few days it's almost certainly the case that your ads are only good enough to get hot audiences to convert and even if you're like yeah but I'm not retargeting meta will find those people anyway so even if it's to a cold audience meta will find your retargeting audiences and you'll burn through those people really really quickly and then you see a drop off if you see good results for a little bit longer than that a week couple of weeks and then you see the drop off it may well be that your ads are good enough to get people who are product aware and you're helping convince them to buy yours instead of someone else's um but if you're not getting past that point you're probably not good enough to go to the other stages so yes is a case of improving your ads better offers better ad creative I'll talk about that more in a second but it's also the messaging that you use starts to become really important so the first thing I want you to do is identify are are your ads good enough to get which stage to convert basically so it might be that only hot audiences in which case you need to create ads that are aimed at people that are product aware and try and get them to convert how would you do that you would emphasize the benefits of your product or service over your competitors that's how you get product aware people to purchase if they're already good enough to do that and you're thinking okay how can I improve them to go a step up again you need to change the messaging and change the positioning of the of the advertising so then you need to go out people who aren't solution aware to get from solution aware to purchase you need to go that one stage further and say we know that you know you can run paid ads to get great results but did you know that an agency can do it for you did you know that this type of product or service that we offer is the perfect answer to the solution you're looking for if you've already achieved solution aware you won't be seeing a drop off after days weeks probably even months you'd be able to advertise for much longer but if you're really trying to scale and uh improve your return on ad spend uh you need to go one step up again and go for people who are problem aware but not solution aware so Those ads would be pitched as do you have ABC problem if so did you know that this perfect solution that we happen to have is going to solve your problem improve your life all that sort of stuff and then if you really want to get very brave and Tackle unaware of course you can but you need to start by addressing the problem in the first place and letting people know were you the subject of an injury in a work environment did you know that you can get payment up to the amount of du d d d du as I said the personal injury lawyer is the super obvious one in those cases but you can do it in other scenarios as well it's it's improving your offer improving your creative but also trying to change your messaging to Target people that are at a lower level of awareness and then push them all the way through and in terms of getting really granular with stuff because I've seen Facebook advertisers tear their hair out trying to work out well hang on how do I get the messaging WR and know that I'm only reaching solution aware people you don't like if you if you create an ad that's aimed at solution aware people the messaging isn't going to be perfect for say people who are product aware or your hot audiences but it's fine generally because those people are much more like to convert anyway they're much more easier to convert so don't worry about segmenting out your audiences I would try and have multiple different ads with different messaging price points see how they perform to the total audience if you get it right you will most likely see that the ads pitched at people that are less aware will do well because if you are product aware and someone starts by talking about your problem so let's say someone is aware that you can hire a face Facebook ads agency to do your Facebook ads for you and an ad messaging is pitched that are you struggling to get customers did you know that running Facebook ads is a great way to do it those people aren't going to be put off by that it's they still have the problem and they already know about the solutions you're just you're you're reinforcing what they already know it's not wasted time it's not a d it's not like it's not going to work and then you can lead into the Facebook ad so if you pitch an ad at a lower level of awareness you're going to get people who are further down to convert but it's very unlikely to happen the other way around if you pitch in going our Facebook advertising Services is amazing it's so much better than our competitors look at all these testimonials that's a hard sale to people that don't even know you can run Facebook ads to find new customers which there are lots of people or don't even know that it's a viable option for their business and that's very much how I'd like you to think about this awareness framework and how you need to go after your potential customers and change your marketing messaging give it a go and if it really works out let me know in the comments below and if you want to know how to create high converting Facebook ads that can be put in front of people that are higher up the awareness ladder and still get them to convert I'd recommend that you check out this video in it I demonstrate a toour that I love that makes it really quick and easy to produce really high quality and high converting and creative

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [3 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @iduifeanyi5398 [1 likes]: You talk too much. Please go straight to the point.
  3. @curtisthacreator2231 [1 likes]: I have one as that has been consistent for the last 6 months!! But now all of a sudden it’s super slow I’m not getting any sales I don’t know what my next steps should be?
  4. @Amazennn [1 likes]: thanks a ton ben. one of the best vids on marketing ive ever seen
  5. @Umarnirban1107: but my ad dry in second day
  6. @eo1213: I think there are multiple reasons Facebook ad performance can drop quickly. It feels unfair that your video doesn’t acknowledge that and frames the issue as only awareness level and funnel stages—which comes across like an indirect pitch for your agency. A more thorough video that covers other likely causes and practical fixes would be more helpful and would also make you look more well-rounded, because Facebook ads aren’t that straightforward.
  7. @worldoffun9600: none of what you said, is the real reason or solution to the problem... ur just saying thoery( assumed ) for filling up minutes in your video. But your suggestions are 100% useless
  8. @AnaBrandybura: I had a random drop like this a couple of months ago. Everything looked normal on the dashboard but the people coming in just didn’t feel the same.
Out of curiosity I ran a bit of the traffic through qail ai  and it honestly just confirmed how messy things were at that moment. Meta has these weird phases...
  9. @wakhff0000: Thnxxxx😊😊😊😊😊
  10. @Mnrtmo: My ads were pulling a beautiful 4 roas with almost 1k spent and suddenly I got a few likes from a similar audience but not my buyers and the algorithm completely shifted to only showing to the people who were engaging and not buying. 
I tried duplicating the campaign and it went off track 3 more times… I don’t know what to do. I had amazing winning ads pulling me in so much money from such a small budget.

Please help…
  11. @philiphindle1076: This dude is a genius. I’m gonna use what he said and make some video scripts for our solution aware audience tomorrow!!
  12. @capitalist830: guy is just a professional yapper
  13. @Greeenleb: Thanks for the video Ben! Quick quest, so if the results of the specific campaign drop off, we edit the campaign, create additional Ads under the same Ad Set and start again the learning phase? or we turn off that campaign and re-create another one with the different Ads that you mentioned? (Ad1-hot audience, Ad1-product aware, etc.)
  14. @ShantysBrown: It was very informative
  15. @daniyalsiddiq3140: Love it.
  16. @AmyWebber-x6g: Interesting.
  17. @maryyadegoke: Great video
  18. @oshaosha7338: In my experience what I find to help especially when you are in a niche where your business doesn’t solve that much problems or any problems at all or you are a small business owner and can’t afford to pay thousands to advert agencies, is to run a new “campaign“ not ads ,but campaign whenever performance drops drastically for a long period of time especially after running a campaign with steady results for more than a month. Because at that point , I feel like uploading new ad creatives doesn’t really help much.  I am a small skincare retail business owner and that worked for me. I find it easier that way than to stress about looking for a grand problem these products I sell solve. lol
  19. @ReadyForDreams: This is a solid vid with tons of useful insights, thanks ✨
  20. @tetramode: So basically a reverse funnel?

- The Only 6 Rules You Need to Avoid Facebook Ad Failure: Kind: captions Language: en okay and we're live welcome to the only six rules you need to avoid a Facebook ad failure can everyone hear me I've got a yes from James hello James Gabriella nice name Emmett happy to be here good I'm happy to be here too I'm it Hank Debbie Tom Brill Hank has a cool name we don't get that in Britain no one's called Hank over here call never understand why people actually ask on a webinar can you hear me cuz surely the people can't hear me won't hear me to reply anyway so yeah this is a hopefully highly useful webinar and we're going to go over six rules to to avoid a Facebook ad failure I'm gonna have a very quick intro for you about me if you've never watched anything from me before you don't really know who I am I'm Eddie at leak so the intro will be very quick I promise and we'll jump straight into the the good stuff so essentially our goal today is like I said it's the first time you've watched anything of mine I want to make sure you have a great first impression so I would consider it a failure if I can't help you today if you don't take some value away from this so by the time you finished watching this webinar you'll be able to advertise your business on Facebook with confidence and greater understanding of what doesn't work and what does what makes you money or the very least be on your way to much much better results if you stick around to the end I've got some bonuses and also I'll be answering your questions and also if you stick around to the end I'll send you the slide deck the presentation today but otherwise feel free to take a few notes of course if you so wish so quickly then who the hell am I so I met at leak 34 years of age I live in the UK as you can probably tell from my accent I know a lot of people on here today are from the states as well the United States and Canada of course so I actually built a montage my first website over 20 years ago when I was about 13 years of age so I've been doing this internet thing quite a long time a bit of a nerd in my youth i founded midas media which is my pay-per-click ad agency six and a half seven years ago now we've grown the business by hundred to two hundred percent essentially doubled if not tripled our growth every year and our agency we manage well millions in dollars pounds euros don't think we've got any yen but yeah essentially millions in ad spend every month and we've helped companies across the world 10 20 times their ROI and even some of them as close as 30 times roi which is pretty crazy and very rare so yeah essentially I must be doing something right just one more thing I'm not bloody guru so hey I just want to put that out there because I'm fed up with seeing gurus count nonsense and I you know you can trust me I run a bloody business doing this we manage millions and I'd spend literally the stuff I show you on video the stuff I share on my Facebook page Twitter so on anything that I do is tactics from real life you know stuff we use day in day out to help people grow their businesses and sell stuff essentially I won't be in business if I couldn't do this so I'm not a guru I'm a bloody business owner it's as simple as that I'm also in a bit of a privileged position because we get to see companies of all shapes and sizes across the world in in different verticals and industries and niches so we get to see what's working on Google and Facebook and YouTube and all sorts of different things for many many different businesses so it gives gives us quite an insight probably one of the best things about ringing an agency out the conquer my words out running an agency actually is that you see so many different people and their businesses so that's me told you'd be quick what was that couple of minutes right who is this for who is the avoiding Facebook pad failures webinar for so obviously it's for business owners and entrepreneurs do we have many business owners in here Ritchie Ritchie sorry I was about to say surname then I can't pronounce it Ritchie yes sorry there's another warnings well I'm crap with pronouncing names I do apologize mine's really easy Edie Gabriella yeah running business first six years like you call yeah loads of people in here but also this is good for professionals and marketing professionals you know if you you want to improve your craft or if you market your boss's business or whatever it may be and freelancers doing the same same thing I mean yeah freelancing all the way from India hello I'm it in India cool okay so essentially I've been through our goal today but yeah by the time you've finished watching I want you to have the confidence to know what does and doesn't work but ultimately get better results from your Facebook apps because there are some rules that you need to adhere to just to make things work it's very easy to blow money down the pan and wonder what the hell went wrong and then also you you start to think that Facebook Ads don't work which isn't true so we're going to sort that out today also my assumptions are you already have a decent product that people actually want so this is definitely not how to create a product you've got to be you know you know you've got to have a market a supply and demand for what you have there's no point trying to sell something that no one ever wants that's just the reality that's life in general not just Facebook Ads that isn't a fault of Facebook this is certainly not a get-rich-quick nonsense webinar this is not a silver or a magic bullet this is a set of rules that will definitely help and improve things but it does mean you've got to do a little bit work it's not a magic bullet and of course I can't guarantee that you'll get the same results as I have you might even do better quite frankly but you could do a bit worse but one thing I'm pretty confident of is you will be better at Facebook Ads after the next sort of 35 minutes or so your attention please okay just before we start put your phone on silent um I'm just checking mine it was off you social media accounts remove your distractions because let's face it if you're serious about improving your performance you owe it to yourself just to close off all your distractions and just you know give me your full attention there's no point being here if your one hand on your phone one hand on your I don't know what else other phone or tablet company hand on your cuppa tea or coffee is absolutely fine Jake you're allowed to drink tea I don't have one because I'd need to go to the lavatory so long yes thank you Jake yeah it might just change your life hopefully right straighten them I say straight in I've been talking for seven minutes sorry right or crack on only six rules you need to avoid Facebook and failure rule number one is your offer so the single biggest mistake is not actually having something people want which I said before now these rules are in no particular order I would suggest that these six rules go hand-in-hand quite frankly so you know don't read too much into the fact that this is rule one what's a good offer the right product to the right person at the right time it's got to be the right price point that could be free and the messaging has got to be appropriate for that person so you've got to remember that when people on Facebook they're not walking around with their credit card in hand so you've got to think what's in it for me what is it worth it why would I click you're you know why would I click my own advert and take myself away from what I was doing on Facebook that's crucial to remember what's in it for me and that's true of Facebook's own delivery as well you know lower click-through rate and we'll discuss this later on a lower click-through rate essentially bumps your price up anyway you know so the Facebook algorithm is essentially it thinks the same you know if you can't get people to click you're out there's something wrong with it or the offers not good enough or they don't want to you know the audience that you've selected isn't interested so just think what's in it for me when you create an advert and an offer and consider a very simple tactic of using state of mind this is literally taking someone from pain to resolution you know for a frustration of fear and issue to resolving it it's in the similar way that got you on to this webinar essentially you know I was talking about Facebook Ads not working for your business so I was calling out to people like yourself Tania says yes that was me I wanna hope everyone Tania that's on here so that was the pain point wasn't it it was the that my advert was all about your facebook ads aren't working frustratingly and the resolution was six rules to fix that so that's me in this example now it's all well and good me telling you well just use State of Mind you know the before and after you know how do they feel now how are you going to make them feel afterwards but here's some ideas for your your advert copy and not wishing to teach people to sell eggs but when I say copy I literally mean the writing you know the copywriting so there are six elements to a good offer the attend jabal emotion the life benefit as it were the status proof and speed so tangible is something getting something you know what do they get after they take action are you giving away a physical free product for example the emotion well how do they feel well how does it improve things for them in their life and status is similar you know does it elevate their status does it improve their professional status there were or life status you know do they look better amongst their peers or their colleagues and the proof is you know similar people to your audience who are getting a benefit and speed is perhaps one of the stronger emotions in the you know get it done quickly done for you a template you know fill in the blanks kind of thing speed is is one of its particularly in the modern world where we're bombarded with information overload speed is is something that people are very keen to achieve as I say using me as the example because you've already seen my advert clicked on it and you are here thank you the before state was the poor performing at so how can we use those six elements for my ad and you may have seen some of these in the advert itself so the tangible is that you're going to get six role system the emotion is that it could lower your anxiety and your frustrations with Facebook Ads Tania's giving me a whoop-whoop is that oh you agree okay so I'm really I should probably stop reading the comment flow because I'm getting started sorry the the life is to improve your business reduced your cost you know the burden on your business which has an impact on your life particularly if you're a small business owner like myself you know you are very much in twined and integrated with your business and then you can see the other things the the proof and speed are pretty much the same thing as the tangible you know it's it's a six rule since system so the proof is examples and the speed is a template that you can use so that's a good offer I also found this on the tintal web I'm not going to run through all this from digital marketer this is another sort of example of their trigger and then action and then the the next step so filling in the blanks for you so that's rule number one the offer does that make sense and so yep I think I know why my last ad sucks now haha is that a happy laugh Aaron or crying into a coffee cup laughs both right okay bro okay rule number two moving on like I said I'll tell you what I do I'll start reading the chat at the end of each rule your call to action your CTA for short so what is the one thing you want people to do essentially what does a one action you want them to take if you're not getting clicks on your ad then your call to action could be failing you how does someone take action today so what is a good call to action well it's the solution to the offer oh sorry a solution or an offer but also the solution to the offer but keep it simple you know it's it's get this download that buy whatever you know keep your call-to-action simple to start with because your your offer is where you're using the the tangibles and the benefits and the emotions and the speed etc so the call to action can comes after that and literally says do this thing a couple of quick tips be human in your copywriting don't overthink it just be yourself and write it as you'd say as you would speak it to someone that's always a good idea when you've written an advert read it to out read it out loud or read it to someone you know and does it feel awkward if it does soften it a little bit avoid looking like an advert I'm going to cover this in one of the rules later actually so I won't hang around too much on this test emojis to add emphasis to words that does depend on your market if you're a more mature market not to generalize and stereotype people but emojis might not be appropriate or if you're in a sensitive market again might not be worth using emojis but for everyone else you could try it if it is genuinely time limited then do sprinkle a sense of urgency but don't fake it don't say there's 24 hours to to get the offer and then the same person sees the advert a week later than the same bloody offers over 24 hours to go it's just crap it just it'll burn your bridges long-term just don't do it so again think benefits what do I get so here's a quick to the table of call-to-action words that you could use I'm not going to go through these this is just here to give you some ideas and benefits like I say if you stay to the end you'll get the slide deck anyway or you could screenshot it now so if you're not getting clicks you probably don't have a good call to action or it's muddled or not to the point just says I didn't even know what a call-to-action was well they go Jess so you don't even have a call-to-action certainly say this one role could improve your advert considerably just by adding in your CTA yeah so also include your when we've tested this quite bit include links within your text particularly if you've written a long advert a lot of text in ie a long-form ad if you include your your link wherever it may go early on and at the very end it does actually well it typically increases the click-through rate from people who expand the ad and view the text so it's just a very simple tip there for you so that's pretty straightforward rule number two is your call to action so rule number three I'm just going to take a slip you're just going to take a slurp of water a slip of water that's better right rule number three the right audience what do I mean by the right audience well a great ad will fail on an average audience an average ad will work on a great audience simply pour if your audience is misaligned or not appropriate or just not right it doesn't matter how good your offer is all the call to action or the advert it won't work whereas you can you know little there's a lot of people that labor the point about copywriting and you know creative writing but at the end of the day if you if you to have a solid audience you don't have to overthink your copywriting I'll be honest with you if you have a good offer and a you know a clear call-to-action with a good audience you are nine-tenths of the way there okay so the right audience you've got to understand where your audience are so are they aware nurse stage are they interested a consideration stage or are they existing customers and this is just understanding where you are in terms of who you're targeting so I'm not going to again labor this slide because hopefully well I should probably ask you but hopefully most you understand this sort of concept of cold warm and hot audiences essentially the more salon season engages with you the warmer they become to you and they're therefore require less convincing to convert to take your offer so thinking about that and sort of levels of audience one big issue I see very often frequently frequently with customers of mine and our agency is that often people will go for acquisition ie new so new customers new sales before considering retention so existing customer base and existing audiences because your existing audiences already know who you are they've already committed some time energy potentially money to you so do use them first there's a start here that I pulled from I think you statistic abut six to seven times more likely to click and engage of your ads on Facebook your existing audience so that's pretty potent that also makes them cheaper because the higher the click-through rate and the higher the relevancy the lower your cost per click so it works in your favor so the low-hanging fruit is to test the water on your existing audience first now if you've got a small audience then it will be a little test but you know page likes it's the obvious one facebook allows you to create custom audiences based on engagements of people who have recently engaged with content on your page again low-hanging fruit Friends of people who like your page if it's appropriate of course you know for a company like ours it would probably be inappropriate because people who like our page you know we're very specific marketing agency b2b with their friends really engage of our content probably not your as I just said you engage users pass website visitors you know people who have visited you in X days thirty fifteen hundred whatever it may be and of course past customers so there's two things here you either do or you don't want your existing or past customers to take your offer if you do then you can upload you can create a custom audience and upload all your customers email lists and it will create an audience based around those people and of course you can track people who've been to your check out your converting page and create an audience of those people too so like I say this is the low-hanging fruit use that first so when your so rule 3 here is audience use your low-hanging fruit first and then scale from there so you've beat me to it Derby I don't have an audience in fact if I show you the slide you've actually preempted the slide I don't have an audience a quote by Debbie so what do you what do you do in this situation you might be tempted to look at audience insights which is fair enough at all that allows you to build audiences rich says what is it I'm not going to show you it today rich I don't to go through it because actually again you're pre-empting my slides if we go to the next slide it says you might be tempted to look at audience insights but it's complicated which means it leaves too much room for error now it isn't complicated once you've got the hang of it but that's the same as anything also recently Facebook have removed a feature called audience affinity I don't know if it's coming back but this is a powerful bit of date or metric where if you added certain pages it would tell you the affinity between them so the likelihood that someone liking one page will like the other and so on and that was probably one of the most powerful features there are literally essays on this subject which help and hinder so we're not going to use audience insights today instead we're going to Google it what yes Google for Facebook so literally well this is one of the tactics anyway so when building a new audience a very simple thing you can do is literally google your topic your product your industry and find the top websites that come up in the you know and the don't necessarily look at the adverts but you can look at the adverts but the organic top-ten listings you know find the top sites the brands the people that's appropriate to your niche and then can you target those can you put those brands and websites can you first find them on Facebook and then can you add them as targeting in your audiences so that's the first step there's also a nifty little tactic called audience layering which is simply going to your amusing MailChimp here as an example as hopefully most people know what MailChimp is but essentially going to your competitors pages or a product that other people would like if they liked your product if that makes sense so going to that page and then finding people who also like other pages or pages liked by this page so for example MailChimp likes all these different pages here and we can literally use MailChimp as the top-level audience interest and then layer it with each one of these additional pages I'll show you very quickly what I mean in a second but we can also use Facebook search which is graph search to find pages liked by people who like MailChimp and that will show you doesn't have to be MailChimp it can be obviously any age that is appropriate to you as you can see here I'm not sure what the second one is to be honest with you if we just ignore that but we've got things like five minute crafts Texas Hold'em poker Aweber us a today so how do we layer an audience or what do I mean by audience layering so here's Facebook ad manager with the targeting to include MailChimp to the US and the UK and it's nearly 900,000 people in this age range who are English now nine hundred thousands of people's quite a large audience so a few years ago I was of the mindset that you start with a couple hundred thousand to three hundred thousand as an audience and build out from there but you know things change you learn stuff and whilst that is still okay actually I like to go now that the Facebook pixel is really quite sophisticated I like to go much much tighter and as you can see in the next slide layer multiple targeting interests and behaviors on top of another and get right down to sort of like a ten twenty thousand thirty thousand data push sized audience which is super super targeted and essentially what you're doing there is targeting this very tight audience for a small period of time you know it might only be a week to get to the result really quickly so you know that your office right your call to action right and so on and so forth fourth is working because you're targeting a very tight audience and then from there you break out into a much bigger broader audience and you know you take it step by step so you go tight and you literally open up so in the example on screen MailChimp also matching Aweber and then also USA Today you could you know in a week's time if you're hitting your target whatever that may be you can then take off USA Today and open up this audience again and get your next target it may be 100 signups or 50 offer purchases whatever it may be and then you take off Aweber and you literally open up to MailChimp and that's because the pics or the Facebook pixel which is tracking all this progress and tracking you know your conversions and so on learns with time and the more data you feed it and the more conversions you get and the more offers that are taken the more it learns so when you start really tight it keeps things nice and precise let things learn let the performance come and then slowly open up as you go and then to other simple things you can do for audiences is literally sniff your competition so visit their websites so you get cooking and they start retargeting we talking you on Facebook showing you their adverts like their page of course and then you can see what stuff they show to their audience but you can also check their out targeting so if you see their adverts which you might not do if you didn't visit their page or website and you simply do that by when you see their advert clicking on the top right hand side and and clicking on why am I seeing this and it will actually show you the targeting that your competitor is using on you so in this example I've got on screen it's showing that this advert has been targeted to me because I'm interested in Google Analytics which is true and I'm within the 18 to 55 age range living in the UK so by doing that you get to see how your competitors are targeting you and over time you can build up a picture in fact build up a scrapbook you know as you go through this go through this process and start seeing our bursts that you like and adverts from your competitors I just screenshot them stick them in a you know word doc or Google Doc and just put some notes against them and just over time build up a little scrapbook of good bad and competitor adverts just to keep you know keep your finger on the pulse essentially there are tools out there such as addicted IO and so on that will show you competitor adverts but there's also the free route of just creating a little scrapbook so that was rule number three your audience rule number did that will make sense like I know I'm covering quite a lot quite quickly now mainly esses I've if you wait till the end oh how do I say your name Gert Roche if you wait that'll do it's already if he's if you wait to the end I will answer your questions cool okay right rule number four negative audiences so the opposing side of people you're trying to target you also want to exclude people who are unlikely to take your offer so this is something that people often don't talk about and they should it's equally important so let's think about logical exclusions here so you need to exclude people who have already got your offer so if you set up a custom conversion in in Facebook say you you have a thank you page for the offer then you want to create an audience for that and exclude it in your targeting if you're targeting multiple interests in your campaigns you want to exclude one from the other so you don't have overlap so going back to my earlier example we had MailChimp and Aweber and USA Today we'll say that you had one campaign touting MailChimp and Aweber but then you wanted to target USA Today you wouldn't include MailChimp and aweber in the USA today and you'd exclude the USA Today in your MailChimp and aweber campaign I hope that makes sense that does reduce your audience size but it just stops overlap and I'll get into that later because frequency is a bit of a killer also subject and interest bias what do I mean by that well someone who likes fast food is probably not going to like health food so let's say that you are I don't know Burger King or McDonald's or KFC or whatever if you're running a an offer you probably want to exclude vegans and vegetarians and people have shown interest in health food and health products and healthy brands I mean it now sounds like common sense when you think about it but you just be surprised how many people don't think about it so that's what the exclusions about you have to use your your sort of common sense a little bit but think logically around this there is another way to do it and that's in Google Analytics so you can use on top of demographic and behavior based negatives that are in facebook you can use your demographics so age gender country region city etc so in your Google Analytics if you go to your audience demographics an age drop-down and then you can add a set I haven't done it here on the screen shop you can add a secondary dimension of gender so you then use the comparison tool in the top right hand corner highlighted here and essentially what I'm showing you here is the total number of sessions by age range and then the e-commerce conversion rate based on the age range so as we can see here anyone that's under the age of sort of forty five forty four are converting much lower than those above forty five and particularly much lower than people of 55 and upwards so you could exclude the young age of this was your analytics you could exclude the younger generation to give you a bump in your conversions and you're you know hitting your goal on Facebook by removing your weaker demographics in like analytics so I love using analytics for this sort of thing it just what if you think about it you essentially will half the size of the audience here but you could double if not triple the conversion rate as a result and you won't you'll probably pay less per conversion as a result so yeah logical exclusions negative audiences so people who already got the offer targets that you're using another campaigns subject bias and of course people who are less likely to convert from your Google Analytics so negative audience is really key and that's rule number four okay there's not a lot of comments going on so I'm assuming you're listening to me not many people actually had only one per hit person leave in the past sort of fifteen minutes that's good that means you're all over asleep or paying attention not to sleep thanks John dots the yeah Debbie furiously Ralph URIs Lear iting yes good I won't give you the slides don't worry I'll give you a slice rule number five your images so as I alluded to in rule number two call to actions and the offer you don't have to stamp things like free all over your images and you don't really want to all to look like an ad for it you want to do your best to look like content on Facebook because people often scroll past adverts there's a sort of second nature now unfortunately so don't make your advert smack of advert anyway images so there used to be a twenty percent max Tex rule which meant that you could literally only have 20 percent text on your image Facebook has removed this rule however I'm highlighting it because this still an algorithm that deals with text essentially if you can get away of having little or no text on your image then you will get a faster delivery and you will typically pay less per click now it's normally a very small amount of text has a very minimal impact but the more text you add the worse your delivery the more you pay so that's very important to remember that the other thing I want to point out about your images on ads is that they do have a dramatic effect so I'm going to show you a bad example here because this is what I would call a crowd pleaser so your your image attracts engagement the right image will attract click which is what you want but the wrong image will also attract clicks let me show you an example from our own experience this is my agency - Media as you can see this ampler is unusual you can buy anything online but you can you sell it so this was for a big content piece that we did on ecommerce marketing essentially and there's a kitten in a shopping cart or shopping trolley as we'd say in the UK 11.7% click-through rate John says that's a whopper yes it is that's it that's a big click promote that's pretty impressive however as a result we got 173 clicks before we turned it off which is actually irrelevant we got them for 6p each that's what's relevant that's really really cheap for a cold click from a cold audience never seen as before 6p is mega cheap it's about seven cents I think yeah about that so for your oesn't dollars however look how low the engagement on the advert was so hundred seventy three clicks and just a handful of engagements were still the landing page metrics were atrocious the bounce rate I think was a hundred percent and this was a multi page content piece so the conclusion was because we found out when we moved to a less click happy crowd-pleasing image the click-through rate dropped down much much lower but the and the cost went up unfortunately but the engagement metrics the other ends at the time that people spent on the website and they actually browsed around and consume the content just went up and up and up so this image attracted loads of clicks yay really cheap yay but all the for all the wrong reasons so it was crap so be careful in fact I'm going to reverse back up to that slide remember the right image will attract clicks but so all the wrong one don't be a crowd-pleaser for the wrong reasons so how do we test images then well I like to keep two to three ads per ad set to start with and that normally means you write one ad and you test two or three images so the same advert with but you cycle the images so you then get to test the image instead of the text you can also tech test the same image with text on it or without you know text overlay or without text overlay you can try a little trick I don't know if you can see it's a trick but Jack what what is classed as a or what's known as the gender swap so don't overdo it but showing a female to males and male to females I just saw a comment in the chat that I'm not going to repeat John ahem but yeah the gender swap is essentially it's the natural thing men are probably more likely to look at an image of a woman and so on and so forth ISM yeah it is what it is you can try it the one thing that's better pattern breaks and social proof so a pattern break is essentially changing the form and the and the feel of an image based on its surroundings so Facebook's very square its top-to-bottom grid like so if you actually put a diagonal cut or a circle or something you know a cylinder shape or something's rounded or diagonal in the image that's classed as a pattern break in terms of an image so you're essentially cutting across a very formulaic arrangement like Facebook which is grid so on the desktop you've got a grid on the left you've got a grid down the middle which is your feed and you've got a grid on your right of options and right hand side adverts so yeah pattern breaks good social proof is probably the best and that is things like you know testimonials and that kind of thing and I'm going to show you an example you might be thinking where the hell do you do that I'll show you an example so this is pattern breaking this is another advert from my agency and this did really well so this was for a download of a guide a guide that I wrote personally it was converting at 58% 58% over a thousand conversion so that's phenomenal and I believe the cost for gold hunt and people in my notes was around about 60-something pence so about 70 cents that's really good and we tried this image you know just straight and a couple of pages just on the horizontal and literally by moving it to a sort of 20 degree angle or whatever it may be there the click-through rate literally doubled is crazy so it's because it's a pattern break so as you're scrolling down your newsfeed this diagonal piece stands out and it honestly until called the click-through rate which drop the cost per conversion down brilliant really simple so here's a an attention-grabbing image which i have saved from a guy that i don't know who is lori see as a good example here because i thought it was quite interesting to use a bit of provocative wording and again a lady looking at the text i just thought it's quite clever so it's for a free mini-course but he's using a attention-grabbing image and not necessary pattern break here but a bit of humor depending on your take so i quite like this image i thought i'd show you show that share that with you but where's the social proof what the one thing that failed this advert is that there's no engagement which is really rubbish because we are creatures of sort of herd mentality and people do follow one another cheap like when you see this has been proven in psychology has been proven in tests but when you see engagement on ads you're more likely to engage with it because essentially it's proof you know well other people like it so there must be something good about it so on this subject you might be thinking well if i start if i create an advert right now this in time and I put it live it's gonna have no engagement on it so what I would suggest is that you create a very quick engagement campaign as well and you know for $5 five quid whatever don't have to spend a huge amount of money on it and just fire it to the same advert that you're running for clicks or conversions and you know use your page likes use the people the most warm to you and most likely to engage with your out just to give it that initial kick so you're essentially paying for a bit of vanity but in the long run it does help it's that social proof of one form his social proof of a different form and this is your top oh I really like this I'll be honest with you so there's an this a LinkedIn ad and a Facebook ad here they're using the same theme across the two platforms but I really like this idea I'd give this quite you know 9 out of 10 10 out of 10 the inclusion of people star ratings and you know accompanying quote or social proof the fact is it's not a real testimonial but it it gives you that feel that look and feel and it stopped me from scrolling and interested me so I thought I'd copy it out here and give you it as an example so that's kind of a different social proof the whole you know we have the whole engagement social proof where people are literally engaging with your ad and then social proof in that you're using testimonials and reviews and so on okay so if you don't have a scrapbook of images and you don't have any tools because you don't want to pay for them then you could get some image inspiration from google literally using Google's image search I'm not going to try and explain the way that Google image search works it's a complicated algorithm but essentially the when you type in a topic or a niche the images that you're seeing at the top of Google's image search are considered to be more relevant and more engaged with than the ones further down so you could let you start putting keywords from your ad copy and finding the kind of images the Google image search considers relevant and that will help hopefully give you ideas and help get your creative juices flowing so the other important thing to do is remain on brand so when you're doing image tests and using images try and keep and stick to a certain look and feel because over time if you're you know unless you've won and done and closing up shop tomorrow you want people to become familiar with you so include your brand logo where possible stick to a certain color palette feel and familiarity so people get to understand what what you look like over time because the people that do want to consume your stuff they want your content they want your offers they want to buy your things they will automatically gravitate your adverts if they recognize them I mentioned it slightly earlier but I'm not affiliated with this tool in the slightest it is one of the cheaper tools on the market it's quite good it does have some free examples but addicted IO is I can't remember I think it's $30 a month or something like that to start with but it allows you to find viral ads ads by topic and type the amount of comments and engagement video ads recently published ads you know so you can find stuff that your competitors are doing or bigger competitors are doing excuse me just adjusting on my chair and the soil bottom it's a nice little tool it's not too expensive and it's got a very big archive of ads so if you literally run out of ideas addicted IO is pretty pretty good I mentioned this earlier see ads you like keep a scrapbook annotate it it's you know it's free doesn't hurt and we're all guilty of it we're probably on social media far too often and this goes for Facebook LinkedIn Twitter ads you name it if you see an ad that stands out it makes you want to click it grab a screenshot annotate it and it could just leave a note of why you liked it so rule out the way image is really important the last but not least rule six is landing page so the destination page when someone clicks your advert where do they land on your website what page so continuity is king when it comes to add to landing page experience and what I mean by that is that if your advert is great your offer is great you've got your call-to-action right you've got your image right or you're testing some different images and they're working you know and you're finding a winner and you paws off the losing advert brilliant but then if your landing page doesn't look feel talked sound like the advert you will literally kill your conversion rate you'll be leaving money on the table and lower conversions essentially hurt your pocket they hurt your goal and they do impact your performance because Facebook is also measuring your goals and if you have a lower conversion rate it will impact what you pay it's as simple as that yeah I mean most people know this by now hopefully attention short people need to be grabbed within sort of five to eight seconds so that's another thing if your page doesn't grab someone's attention to hundreds of you if you get the continuity right this is less of an issue but it's still an issue so make your headline clear crisp because concise make it fit with the advert make it look like the advert what do I mean by that let me show you an example so here's a bad example sorry nutmeg which is a UK business this is a great carousel advert I really liked the advert it you know not ignoring the copy I didn't read it I just saw it I thought this is a cool little carousel so there's a visual lovely visual carousel great click the advert and what is this not only is the headline different to what the advert shown us they didn't replicate any of the imagery from the advert and I don't understand why so it feels like a completely different experience so remember continuity is key well they've got the images wrong the only thing that flows is the the name nutmeg really the text isn't the same the advert says set a risk level we'll build you a diverse portfolio and so on you get to the page and it says smart online general investment portfolio it's got a picture of a mobile which doesn't even have the same image on as the advert so this I think this is a missed opportunity because the adverts really visual simple clean if they just put that one two three step under this headline or you know instead of the mobile image I just would have pulled it back in for me I don't want to label this one too much here's another bad example from people that should know better sorry Nana goons and agains are a very big company but the reason I don't like this one is because of the image so look at the difference the image is completely odds with the landing page completely odds why didn't they include the image on the landing page or include the image of the book on the ad I reckon in fact I would bet that if they tweet that they'd increase their conversion rates on this landing page because the page itself is it's not too bad although I would also test having a forum on the right because we in the West we read left to right yeah we always put the forms on the right because they seem to convert better we did try them in the middle at one stage and even floating and all sorts but yeah the convention is that forms on the right convert better but hey her we're talking about ads here so yeah there's another bad example what was even worse is this happened so I tried to leave and they slapped me in the face with a bloody pop port that wasn't even relevant to the ad so oh god don't be like them you've probably got a smaller budget than them so you've got to be more precise than this gets better another big boy Adobe this time so very straight forward striking advert special offer essentially get 10 images search and find your images a couple of things here that don't quite match up is the headline to the ad but also the image why are they not using the image from the advert in the landing page really simple continuity thing and why not try overlaying the search box on the image as well just so there's that pure continuity when you get from the ad to the image really simple out a very striking landing page yeah just continuity it makes so much difference to convert conversion rates okay so as I said attention is short hence I'm showing you bad examples slightly better example and then some more attention-grabbing examples like I say if you if you wanted to keep it simple it's just to replicate the ad copy on the landing page you know visually and textually replicate keep it simple keep it uncluttered remove distractions just put what was in the ad or very similar on your landing page with similar visuals and you're halfway there and if you also want to improve things with attention-grabbing stuff then here's two examples that are doing just that as a GoPro really simple and elegant product shot with a simple title and then a moving obviously you can't see it moving but a video in the background portraying the product in action really simple really visual instantly captures your attention on the right is nest which is a thermostat not a very sexy or exciting product but they've done a very good job here the headline is great it's essentially saying that it's gonna pay for itself but they've made it look sexy so they've made the product sexy attractive but the attention grabber is the ticking sort of energy saved clock which ticks up and up and up kilowatts per hour so they're you know two different ways of grabbing attention there's something moving on the pages in the video or something moving as in a ticker timer whatever that may be you could even do that with a countdown timer again as long as it's genuine and there is a genuine urgency or perhaps you've got a countdown timer for shipping so you can get your offer you know within 24 hours or whatever if you order it by x time so think about it that way how to grab attention however I can do a lot better than this we've actually written a big filterable landing page templates examples inspiration design guide if you google it landing page examples and look for Midas media it's called the complete landing page examples there's over 60 examples there and the reason I'm asking you to Google it is that it's on the bottom of the first page roughly and the more people that google it and click on it the more it will help it come up the rankings so that's why I'm asking you to google it a little bit selfish there but if you want some landing page examples in great detail all of them are scored out of 100 with pros and cons this is a great piece so again rule 6 is your landing page focused on continuity and congruence if you want inspiration jump across to that and you will find loads oh ok so that's it 6 rules let's just quickly catch your breath and in recap before I lose my voice so the six rules to avoid a Facebook bad failure are number one your office the right product the right person with the right message at the right time number two is the call to action so you the one thing you want people to do the action they take rule 3 is the right audience so test your message on warm audiences first rule number 4 remember your negative so exclude those who have or won't take action so they've already taken action already converted and those who are unlikely to enroll number 5 is your image so no gimmicks keep it relevant that is true of rule 6 the landing page continuity is the critical part of that okay so that's the six rooms but what happens if your performance isn't where you want it to be or it's tanking so here are a few quick tips to support the six rules so what happens when it all goes wrong these are like the cherry on the cake I can see there's lots of questions coming in I'm going to answer questions at the end so I'm just gonna rattle through these quick tips for performance for you number one is my targeting right so three big giveaways that you're targeting is off is number one is your click-through rate so when you're looking at your campaigns and your performance your click-through rate is below one percent that's really quite poor the average in the Western world at least is roughly 1/2 percent or there abouts you want to be better than that because you want to be better than average relevant school that we've touched on and I'm going to show you more about that very shortly you want it to be above 5 because relevance is essentially saying that Facebook is measuring how relevant your ad is to the audience based on many different data points but the lower the relevance the more you pay and if your engagement is sucky so if you've got no engagement was fairly low engagement that tells you that your ad an audience match could be off so those are the three telltale signs a B testing is everyone familiar got a few yeses split testing yeah split testing variation testing a/b testing so here's 3 rules of thumb for a B tests so let's assume you've got long campaign one goal and one ad set and you put two adverts in there so you've got your a B you've got your a/b test you might be testing the image or if you're on a small budget so something like 5 dollars day five pounds a day then a very quick test would be to get to a hundred clicks or conversions of your goal all 500 impressions is a sort of looser target so that's essentially a very quick a be test you set your budget you let it run you let it get to your hundred data points and then you declare a winner after that and optimize from there so you let it run now if you've got a sort of a mid-sized budget probably you know five to ten times that size then your goal should be in proportion so more like five hundred excuse me five hundred clicks or conversions or ten thousand impressions or more but again I prefer the actual goal metrics of clicks and conversions and then you declare a winner after that if you've got a big budget then the rule is that statistical significance becomes more important over time so the more data point you get more the more statistical significance you get so a thousand clicks is a very nice number or thousand conversions is a very very nice number to achieve - definitely declare a winner if you've got two ads running it and you get to a thousand conversions you will probably find that one beats the other so why do we have these simple rules for a be testing it's essentially to stop you making too many changes trying too many things and declaring a winner too soon so don't skew things set a target set a budget let it run let it hit the target that's the best way to do a test next big audiences is another problem that I see going to why too soon we touched on this earlier when we spoke about layering audiences but if you have a really big audience for example we were looking at MailChimp worming I think it was something like 900,000 people then you typically lower your relevance you lower the clicks and you pay more as a result the only exception to this is when you've got a really solid look-alike so say you've had a thousand or 1500 conversions then you build a look-alike off those I said any time I would consider that to be a not too big but pretty solid audience because that might be half a million if it's us or you okay and I would say that that's an okay starting audience if you've got that seed data to start with so of course quick hint remember your exclusions and your negatives to narrow next problem I see auto placements okay so yeah desktop is often the better converter but it can be more or is more per click so mobile often wins the CPA battle what I mean by that is desktop and mobile feeds because by default Facebook the recommendation is that it will optimize for you now in our experience actually that's probably too soon and too presumptive and we like to start off with just desktop or just mobile feeds first measure the goals measure the metrics get to the point where we want to be so we hit our hundred goals let's say and then expand so start using Instagram the audience networks and so on right hand side ads we typically use those for retargeting because they're not as cheap as you think because the impressions on the right hand side can go quite high so the frequency can go quite high so we use right hand side as normally for very warm audiences that are close to converting they might have been to the basket and not quite committed that's how we use those okay and then how should I bid I hear this question quite a lot two really simple rules here let Facebook optimize it for you as simple as that if you set a goal it does a very good job quite frankly or secondly if you've got a campaign that's working really well you're hitting your goals you're doing your thing then over bid over a bit by at least half I like off numbers that aren't round so I like things like if you're going for a 25% I like 27% if it's 50% 53% or whatever it may be now over bidding is because this teaches the algorithm that you're prepared to pay more and you're prepared to pay the for the best if you under bid you're essentially telling the bid engine the algorithm you only want the crap the people that are less engaged the people are less likely to do your thing because no one else wants to pay for them so very very rarely in fact I cut from the last time we underbid on a audience it's either Matt it's either automatic or over bid now over bid you of course but not necessarily will pay more per click but those clicks are typically of higher quality or higher standard so people more likely to do your thing and over time that actually does reduce your cost per conversion cost per goal so it might seem counterintuitive but that's just the way it works you've probably seen this performance drops with time that's because frequency is a killer and you should watch it like a hawk so frequency is essentially how many times same person sees your advert over and over again here's a quick image taken from a dispersed oh and our results are very similar to this to be honest of you once you get to sort of frequency four or five the click-through rate not only drops significantly but the cost per click Rises a more I don't know if exponentials the right word here but it rises at a higher rate than the click-through rate drop off if that makes sense so you stop paying more and more and more as frequency gets higher essentially frequency is telling you people are getting bored of your advert so the stats are that when someone sees your advert twice the click-through rate drops by nine percent at the point they see your ad four times the cost per click that cost per interaction was 23 in a bit you know for all intents purposes a quarter higher twenty five percent higher so how do we avoid a fatigue we like to set our limits around about five on the frequency scale so once things start hitting four to five we're looking at them watching them like a hawk we set rules in Facebook which is very simple to do so once your frequency hits a certain number you can pause an advert or an ad set or even entire campaign another way to get around it is to refresh your advert so simply changing an image can work tweak of the text the copy the headline you know idle remove a question remember the the offer you know positioning are you struggling with X get Y to achieve so on so forth you know that kind of questioning so that's how to avoid fatigue and you do want to watch it but set up your rolls keep refreshing your adverts and this becomes less of a problem the more you expand your audience of course but you've got to get audience to work first so those are a few quick tips on how to avoid further performance issues and taking breath I'm noticing that is I'm just going to take a swag I'm a drink berm a second oh that's better Kate's enjoying a cup of tea Kate surely that tea will be cold by now we've been here quite a while I'm getting lots of comments coming in which is brilliant and lots I won't be replying to you straight away because I think I've got to go back through I'm going to see a load of questions around the rules and these tips so if I don't get to your question I'm going to answer them very soon just send me an email and I'll do my best over the coming week to answer those for you so learn at Edie Leake calm right what next I promised if you stuck stuck with me to the end that I'd have a few offers for you special offers and these are for your eyes only I'm not offering these to anyone else anywhere so firstly if you're running an online store and you're advertising on Facebook well that's why on this webinar I've got a secret sales weapon I've shown you six rules are now I'm going to show you how to get sales on autopilot with pixel precision for e-commerce so what is pixel precision it's a it's a mini course that I've done and it's to show you how to install the pixel how to use it correctly how to season it set up conversion data but also how to set up your product catalog and get your products on Facebook and set up the one campaign that every store owner every online shop owner needs to drive sales on autopilot and in a very short space of time so that's pixel that's pixel precision in a nutshell there's also some advanced retargeting tactics for the Facebook pixel in there as well this is sort of like a no-brainer course I mean if you run a store menu advertise on Facebook you need this course honestly today for you it's a special offer it's normally $97 it's a one-time payment 30 day money back guarantee it's a great little course and you can get it special one-time payment forty seven dollars sales on autopilot using the Facebook pixel but there's more that's the little offer here's the bigger bonus offer so this is giving you the Facebook pixel precision course completely free access to a brand new members only VIP Facebook group it's only for people who buy courses off me and work with me on the courses on the courses and so forth I'll be active in the group answering questions and the whole point of this group is the store owners and e-commerce people can come together marketers store owners on ask questions give feedback give advice show their wins show what's working what's not working because you learn way more from failure than you do from success you know just a feedback loop rizal to help each other grow get better and I'll be there answering questions and dipping in as well I'm also completely free each month going to do a roundup a recording where I answer specific questions in the group and questions that I've received off the back of the courses so I'll be doing that to just add extra value to the to the group I want this to be a really great little Facebook well not necessary little but a Facebook group that we all use and we find super value in and then I'm going to give you my flagship course which is analytic secrets that get every sale from Adwords which is again it is for e-commerce people you know store owners and marketers so what is analytic secrets for AdWords as I said this is my flagship course it and she helped guy called Jim who's selling online he set up a store and for about a year he struggled to break you know a few grand the month and he went we took him using this course from 39 odd thousand dollars to 1.1 million over 1.1 million in just twelve months and he's now doing around about 200k just over a month using not all just some of the tactics from this training course so it's it works it absolutely works and it's essentially all my expertise and experience distilled into all the best bits from over the years how to use Analytics and AdWords together and remarketing and a few other bits and pieces so it's not the basics it doesn't tell you how to set up AdWords it's not about that it's about ditching the theory and me showing you real-world examples hands on how to use analytics to extract all this stuff that helps you sell more and you can literally apply one or two videos in the next day or two and you will you will make your money back you you know I'll eat my hat if I'll eat my chair in fact if you buy this course and you don't make money tell me and I'll send you a picture or send you a video me my chair I don't know how that's going to go down but I might cook it first um it's a Herman Miller I don't want to write it so that it's 40 high definition videos step-by-step videos lessons of me showing you how to do these things you know building the best advanced segments if you don't know what they are I teach you how to set them up how to use them how they why they're so powerful how to fault find and find issues in your analytics how to create reports for you know quick reports that give you quick rewards you know that the best thing on the planet something really quick and simple that will open your eyes and you go wow how to mine for sales in your search query data I mean doesn't do it justice in one bullet point but there's so much power in looking into analytics go Big Fish hunting finding that big spenders what they look like where they come from what's that geography demographic and you know shape and form and how to target them find more of them increase your average order value your lifetime value and then these trend-spotting in in the multi-channel funnels and your attribution and your time lag reports and all these clever things that actually can confuse the hell out of people if I show you how not to be confused and where to look to then do something very positive with that data and then this retargeting tactics literally I know for a fact there's a couple of retail team tactics in there that will pay for this course ten times over in the first few weeks if you set them up it they some of the things really that really that powerful and loads more like I so this this forty videos also and I'm gonna keep adding and refining this as I go the same with any of my stuff really I just like to keep improving it based on feedback and and how people get on so you get all of that the Facebook pixel precision for e-commerce the bonus of the Facebook private group where I'm going to be active we're all going to be answering questions I'm going to jump in every month and run through and answer people's questions and help add loads of value where I can and you get the flagship course the analytics secrets for Adwords as well and that's just three hundred and ninety seven dollars that's an absolute bloody bargain I'm completely biased of course but I will never repeat this price again this is it one-time payment 30-day money-back guarantee you won't need it that's how confident I am no I don't want to sound arrogant I'm just super confident this is really great material so that's it perfect for I'm just I've just caught the comments again because rich has said I'm in a purchased but rich I haven't given you the the link to the offer so rich I'm going to send you an email because you have you just paid for the course at full price okay so right I'll sort right I'll sort out afterwards so this is perfect for well it's perfect for people who are called rich thank you rich um if you sell digital physical products online this offers also great if you do the marketing for yourself or you know your own business you're your own store or your boss this will make you look good for you know this will make you the star performer when it comes to your boss's eyes it's for people who advertise on Google of course if you don't have ties on Google you're not even interested never ever ever want to advertise on Google then just take the pixel precision offer because that's all you need the Facebook advertising I'd be very surprised if you don't want to advertise on Google if you don't because it's a massive world of shoppers it's also people who want to do AdWords but like I say it's not full it doesn't show you how to do ad words but if you're just getting into advert AdWords this is how to take that data in analytics to another level or for people who just want to be on top of their game learning the the best and the you know the greatest tactics perhaps you're a freelancer or a marketing professional and you just want to learn the best tactics well they're here so choose your choose your weapon for your eyes only choose your offer pixel precision forty seven dollars or everything including pixel provision precision and the flagship course the Facebook group the whole yard kit and kaboodle whatever you call it for just 397 and those are the two links rich paying attention their questions I'm gonna take a drink okay right before I lose my voice has dived through some questions I've got one from Lily just scrolling back through when I run split tests I get loads of ads but sometimes my best converting one doesn't have any comments and likes how do I move my comments and likes from one out to the other hey Lily so each answer you create creates its own advert essentially so you need to use an existing post an existing ad instead of creating new ads each time and you do this when you go to your ad manager and manager menu at the top then you click on page posts in the top menu and what you can do is find your post which is actually an advert your best performing post two things here first publish it to your wall if it's appropriate so you publish your advert to your wall so you get organic engagement also but then the ID at the top of the ad in your your page posts dashboard or area of the menu that ID you use that when you create your ads in your ad set so it allows you to instead of creating an ad there's a tab when you create an ad set that says use existing ad or a use existing post sorry you put that ID in there and you can do that for every single ad set and it will always use that single ad or post and like so quick tip post it to you all you also get organic engagement from your ad and of course people can then see the ad and the engagement building up I hope that answers the question Tommy my ads keep getting disproved but there's no text in okay well this could be more than just image in the sorry might not be an image issue then Tommy make sure you're not identifying individual audience characteristics in your ad copy but also make sure your destination page is legal and by that I mean you've got contact information at the very least in the footer like a trademark or copyright or a privacy you know statement definitely have a link to your privacy policy in the footer that's the single biggest thing that will get your ads disapproved if you send someone to a page that doesn't have a privacy policy and if you're manually getting Manny vetted then the person vetting your ad will look for signs of life on your page to make sure you're not a scammer so they want to make sure you're a real business so Facebook a very protective of their platform have that as they should be so just make sure you've got your company name perhaps a contact address or a link to a contact page and 100% always have a privacy policy link in there as well that might be a problem you don't have all right see do okay that's probably a problem if you don't have a privacy sorry yeah Tommy has just replied don't have a privacy policy Google privacy policy templates Tommy you'll find loads also go and look at Facebook's Privacy Policy and you can literally you know write a few lines to do with their you can leave a link to their privacy policy to say that you comply with this and people take an action on your website are also you know adhering to that and so I just want the microphone um Kate do you find ads perform better at night do you mean Facebook Ads Kate oh god you asked this question ages ago I'm sorry I can't scroll back up to find your reply sir I'm gonna assume you mean Facebook so you can actually report on this in your ad manager and your analytics as well because you can drill down by what's known as day parting but in facebook under the breakdown tab in your ad manager you're you can do it by time so you put your performance will be different to mine so to answer your question we use the default delivery of 24/7 do we find the answer perform better at night not necessarily it really just depends on what you're selling into who so use your own reports in your breakdown tab and then if you find that that's the case you want to start scheduling your ads to go out at specific times a day again that's a facility that Facebook now offers so you can essentially look at your reports find your sweet spot and then schedule your ads to go out well it'll excuse me word of warning if you've got a small audience you will essentially cap your reach because not everyone will be on at the times that you are targeting so just a quick caveat there Tony bought the course doubled our sale awesome Tony bought the course doubled his sales in the first few weeks it's pure gold aired I'm watching everything you put out now dude thank you dude seriously that's awesome in fact Tony I'm going to send you send me an email because if you've doubled your sales I'd like to do a little bit of a testimonial with you or just get you on a on skype or something just to discuss cuz that's brilliant I don't know when you bought the course Tony Tony I'm trying to think it I can't see a surname so but the course hasn't been live that long so if you've doubled your sales already that's pretty awesome thank you very much rehan how much time do I need to invest in the course to see results okay so the pixel I don't know which of course you mean if you mean both while the pixel perfection calls can be rolled out in literally an hour the analytics course is around about 3 hours or so but take it step by step so invest an hour or two a week or whatever pace you feel suits you I mean literally take a video out or to focus on those you know test them roll them out and and go there so just improve your performance in increments you know you don't you don't have to do everything at once just take it at your own pace get inside the face group as well and make sure we start asking questions in there as you go through the course because I'll be there to help and everyone else twos that'd be good nice group sort of feedback and I can't remember who I said it to but I'll eat my chair if you don't get some results from just doing even a bit by bit piecemeal Angelo's hey ed great to be here what would you do with a limited budget if you can't afford too many clicks okay Angelo that's quite a open-ended question if it's a but if your budget limited if you literally don't have the money to spend then go for video the reason being video is cheap you keep people on Facebook so Facebook allows you to build an audience on Facebook for cheap you know for pennies on the dollar per view and don't get don't be blinded by the fact you can get a penny view you want views that are 25 50 75 % and Beyond which you will pay more for but you can build that audience on Facebook and then you can remark it to those you know a week later or whatever it may be and in theory they should be more receptive so yeah if you can start with videos even if it's just you doing videos about your product or what will your offer or whatever it may be RIA has said I'm signed up I love your videos can't wait to get started that's awesome Rio thank you very much thank you thank you James T James T you've got a new student Edie this is the best thank you thank you James says awesome and Debby as well brilliant that's great John not selling it up yeah we sell high-end products spend around 10k per month on ads but we're not sure which channel is working because the sales cycle can be very long all the analytics secrets help us fix this 100% yeah I show you multi-channel funnels time lag lag path lengths attribution models all sorts of stuff in there that helps you understand how channels work together and your different campaigns work together so yet definitely John definitely for you Laura what ad placements do you recommend for a newbie so as I said earlier in the tips at the end after the six roles Laura I don't know if you asked this before we got to that what's the time on it anyway if you're just starting out Laura pick mobile feeds they're typically cheaper than desktop and they've got you know you've got a bigger audience on mobile feeds and to be honest this less nuances the number options you know mobile ads pretty straight forwards so keep it simple to start I am really close to losing my voice now folks David I've been using Google and Facebook ads for a few years now I feel like I've got the measure of it is your course for me well yeah two things not being no disrespect but you're here today so you're obviously still thinking that you can learn more which is great because we can all always learn more so I'd say 100% you are in fact you're in the same boat as one of my other students who he runs to two stalls two shots base been doing it years making good money within hours of purchasing the course he literally said it opened his eyes to the opportunities so yes hundred percent you could definitely learn something from this and remember there's a 30 day money-back guarantee so the risk is all on me I hope that answers your question and Neil says I I need approval from my boss but I don't want to miss the offer okay now that's that's fine Neil if you're worried about missing the offer just send me a quick email learn at idli calm and just put in the subject something like extend offer and we'll sort something out if you need to get approval from your boss then not a problem at all I'd rather have you on the course then you miss out just take another drink Barry well my voice is really about to go Sam has asked how advanced is of course I'm pretty new to online advertising okay Sam so the Facebook pixel perfection course is pretty easy in fact I'd say it's very easy I hired a junior member of staff and I gave them the course and they went through it pretty much flawlessly so they had no experience really of the contents so yeah you'll be fine now because it's step by step so the analytics secrets course is a of course that's more in-depth it's a bigger course but I show you step by step how to do things that literally take you through on the screen navigation around analytics and everything so I suggest that I take intermediate and advanced subjects and just make them achievable for everyone in fact I'd like to think that I make them more simple than they would be if you were trying to research and do them on your own and Dave how long until I start making money smiley face Dave as soon as you put the material to work you'll make money action take action my friend and you will make money smiley face and another Dave I mean is that the same Dave I don't know oh no I can't because that's after Dave okay brilliant thank you Dave Dave to Maria is this lifetime access yeah see this this is an earlier question yep this is absolutely you get lifetime access and free updates when I add them this is essentially I see this is just the start of a journey and I can only see it getting better and better as we head along and go along this journey together I care a lot about what I do and the results you you guys get you know I'm a business owner myself and it's all about the results so this this is a journey I want this to be I want you to look back in a year and go you know that was phenomenal thank you so much wouldn't miss it for the world kind of situation quite frankly and that's not not a an ego thing it just would please me immensely I like to see people succeed quite frankly saying for my staff saying for my clients and saying for people that are with me on this journey I'm going to finish off on one two more questions Jay our best metric that isn't a conversion okay Jo well it depends on what you're doing but frequency is pretty high up on the list of best metrics because it's it negatively impacts your your advertisings you know it it impacts so many things you cost you clicks your conversions so I'd have to say that frequency creeping up is a very important metric to watch and I've got Russell mmm Mathias is that right both signed up brilliant that's great to hear thank you trying to have you on board Russell Mathias and everyone else as well so okay I think we'll call it a day there because otherwise we're going to eclipse the two-hour mark my voice is literally gonna vanish so thank you for spending your time with me today it's been great I'm incredibly excited to see you all on the other side and get started and yeah keep an eye out for your emails because I'm going to send you I'll send you the links to the offers and I'll send you the slides to the webinar today so keep an eye on your email everything will be delivered there big thank you again and I want to go and have a lie down thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @EdLeake [2 likes]: I know this is a looooong one, but its rammed full of great info.

If you're impatient, you can grab the slides here >> https://edleake.com/fb6-webinar-recording/notes-slides/

Would love your feedback! :)

- Stop Overthinking Your Facebook Ads Strategy DO THIS INSTEAD!: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever been on verge of launching a campaign but you just feel like oh my God what if I do this and it doesn't actually work it doesn't need to result it's if Fe that's absolutely legitimate and that most P are actually experience when it comes to scaning their offer or when it comes to introducing a new offer in the marketplace because no matter how much you're currently making whether you looking to get your first 10K per month consistently with your coaching business or you're looking to add an extra 6 year per month with a new offer that you're launching the question Remains the Same what do I need to have in place so that the new launch goes successfully how can I structure my marketing plan in a way that allows me to have that new offer seen by the right Prospect consistently in a way that's competing enough and that's going to drive them to take the action which is actually to buy and work or to work with me and this in this I really want to break down the couple of things that you want to have in mind so that your marketing campaign are successful and are attracting the right whole Prospect consistently now if it's the first time you come across my content I am I'm a business strategist and I work with personal them scale and the impact using social media plan me and my team have been doing this for the past 3 years and a half and we've been behind the scenes of some of the biggest marketing campaign in the info Product Industry using primarily Facebook and Instagram ads now one of the biggest question that we typically get ask when working with client doing coaching call or during uh you checking call is okay how that we ining how do we create a plan that's going to guarantee result and how soon can you expect to see result with this new campaign that we are launching now when whenever you're launching a new campan you want to think about it as a funnel where you're getting people from not knowing who you are typically to actually working with you now even if there even if you have a massive audience like you are maybe a leader out there you have couple of hundred thousand followers on your social media account when you run when you launch in new offer we always look at converting that audience yes but you also look at how how can you expend your reach how can you expend your part Wess so you get actually more people into your into your ecosystem so that you can you know increase your impact so there's going to be a component of getting new people that have never discovered you to see your offer and the goal is for for us to Fel them down the line and get them to purchase you know work with you or whatever whatever your product is one of the things that we like to do when we do Lou Campa the first that we actually optimize for we optimize for flow now optimizing for FL what does mean that you actually launch a campaign where what that in terms of the targeting or what that in terms of the creatives we want to optimize so that we have a lot of people that coming through the funnel the reason we want to optimize lot of people coming through the funel want toest we testing the offer when we just laun we see okay here's what we have terms of offer let's see if just the offer is going to attract the right people because the truth isre whether that's Facebook or Instagram have become smarter and smarter and you don't need to play too much you don't need to be extremely restrictive when it comes to your targeting to get the right people to sing your art so typically when we do might even for you can start with a P tting right and say okay let's the offer being the qualification right and we might we might call them out in the copy and we have an offer that's really clear in thems of who we going after but we leave our targeting part and it's going to allow us to have increase visibility for the offer get lot of eyeball on the offer and get them to start freaking down from the top of the the middle of the fun so they're going to be somewhere at this stage right now once once they at this stage we can assess how qualify they are right you see okay they've got this stage maybe this stage could be they on the one master class that they've signed up for master class and this day of the master class or they signed up for the event or they've signed up for a sales call with your team and they're in this stage so how do how are they how are they behaving how are they converting and how many of them are converting how many of them are showing up for the event or for the sales call depending on how the behavior looks like here at the middle of the it's going to heav affect how many of them actually purchase so we don't even wait until they they get here we just look at how they are showing up how what what numbers looks like here okay so coup couple of things that we might TR you might hear can the shop rate right how is our sh is it is it above at least 70% what's our view rate on our on the on the PSL or on your master class what's the view rate what's the attendance rate if you have an event okay all of those things are designed to help us understand are these guys actually qualified okay because the thing that you want to do is you want to get them first through the you see how qualified are they now if they are really qualified and you know they are showing up for the call they're interested they invested and they of course if they're showing up and interested they are going to automatically buy if you have a good self Ste in place or if they're coming to the event or attending the master class and they're watching throughout and they learning about your offer that's a really good sign that okay these guys actually have an interest they are not only um probably have here a low um cost for acquisition in terms of these leads but here they also have a high indent because they're going through they listening they're watching if they're not converting here after going through the thing we look at okay how what how is your Sal team do we need to trade the Sal team let's look at your sales speech if they're watching the master class and but not buying let's look at how your master class is structure are you peaching how is your peit done are you addressing the objection are you answering the Q Anda are you showcasing testimonials and social proof and like how do we make this better okay and but now if what what we like to do if at this stage we see instead of having a really good and satisfying and satisfying number here we okay they a drop in terms of quality already at the maybe you have a a shop of like 40% meaning if you have 10 people that schedule a call only four four of them shop that's a red flag if none of them is actually viewing the vssl they just are bouncing after they sign up that's another red flag if we are we have 100 people that have registered for for the event but only have 10 that show up that's another FL for attendance with in that case we going to do the second thing which is actually going to add friction right we we start with with flow we want to get people through the door after we look at how they behave if they behave properly and we see okay these are positive we look at your sales process how can you optimize your sales process how do we need to train your your team or whatever we need to look at your Sal speech if those on the on the other hand if this number are not satisfactory we look let's add more friction at this stage because you are getting unqualified people at this stage right and something and in terms of when it comes to adding friction this could be instead of going for heart targeting we might be we might start okay look let's look at the custom look like for instance let's look at the custom audience let's look at the look Alik audience maybe let's look at if we can look at at the community where your audience already hangs out and Target them with ads let's use our 3D layering targeting approach to Target them based on their willingness their pain points and how soon they want it solve because those are those are element of urgency that are going to drive them to taking an action and so those are when it comes those are like three quick example that I can give you we can also look at the ad copy itself and say okay in the ad copy instead of you know maybe having copy that like the way in which it was here maybe a bit generic just highlighting the offer let's call them out in the first line of the hard copy let's say business owner making at least 50k per month are you ready to get to Six Figure for instance or let's say Mom entrepreneur are you tired of not being able to be at PE because you because of the weight of you know from pregnancy or like could be um Fitness coach making at least 10,000 are you ready to add an extra five client this month in your business whatever the pain point of your target market is or the Deep desire is and however you call thems we add that into our outop because we want them to self identify ASAP okay um so we look at our targeting we look at our we also look at our videos video ads you know are we highlighting with the first 3 to 5 Seconds who we are going after are we having a unique mechanism that's different what they've heard in the past you know so we look at all of those things because you want to add fiction and have these ads shown no because here we have our ads and they shown to these guys we want these ads here to be shown to the right people right off the B so here the game is having these ads shown to the right people so we can avoid having T coming through the door and so the reason why I wanted to make this video is because I see happen very often what business owner do they look at the entire customer journey and see okay if you've been running these ads but you're not no one is buying what's happening and I have having a really really hard time understanding do I need to actually add more friction do I need to add more flow and the reason why it's extremely important to be able to look at your number and understand what's happening in your entire custom marketing journey and the reason why it's extremely number and understand where are the leaks in your funnel and how you can optimize them it's because I see up happen and it's because I see it happen so often where business own is going to launch a campaign and they say okay we've launched this campaign but no one is buying what's going on let's just turn it off or let's change and just assume what's going on they might think oh my god let's just change the headline on the on on the page or let's change the vsl you know let's change out my let let me go ahead and change my offer the way which I present my offer but I have no number that actually driving those decision they have no Clarity in terms of why they are doing what they are doing because they're not doing the work of understanding at which point they need to add flow of friction so for instance if you are running ads and you are getting 100 people that with you your vsl for instance that's not even enough to expect to have a sell you should have like at least you know 500 or a th000 people that are viewing your pitch so actually know okay this enough I have enough data to know that this pit is not working but if you just want to take massive decision at 100 views I wouldn't change that I I would at this stage I wouldn't change the vssl itself I something I change something on the ad to get more flow onto onto this place right so really understanding what want to change want to add more friction because I'm getting a lot of volume but no conversion or want need to add flow because I'm not even getting enough of people seeing my offer in the first place to drive statistically significant result or decision right that's that's really the game and once you understand this it really allows you to have more confidence when it comes to decision that you make on your campaign and how you want to how you move forward with them because that's that's the game that's been played that's really what you have to that's really what you need to have in mind to drive better result consistently with your marketing strategy if you're looking for a code partner that's going to come in and help you build an everen kind system that's going to you know deliver quality leads and sales consistently so you can moove yourself from day to-day marketing stuff and actually focus on strategic mes and taking your business to the next level feel free to reach out there's going to be a link to my calendar down the descrition of this video to reach out let's have a chat or you can get to me on slack or you can get in tou with me on Instagram and on link that's why I'm the most active and you know let's let's have ch and see how we can help you get your business on the next level if you're looking for more long you know if you're looking for even more in depth tutorial and training make sure to check out podcast the scaling season podcast on all platforms uh what actually do even more dive into what what's working behind the scenes for our client and some of the inside that we are learning has to help them SC and some of the Insight that that we are learning as we help them scale the business to the next level and I will see you on the next episode and make sure to like the video if you haven't already liked it it helps the video being seen by more people just like you And subscribe if you're not already a subscriber I will win the world to me I'll will see you on the next one until then take of yourself byebye

- Facebook's Cambridge Analytica data scandal, explained: Kind: captions Language: en - By now you've probably heard that Facebook is scrambling to contain the fallout over a data privacy scandal. (dramatic music) Mark Zuckerberg finally addressed the story on Wednesday, but only after a Delete Facebook campaign had started to gain momentum around the world. - So this was a major breach of trust, and I'm really sorry that this happened. We have a basic responsibility to protect people's data, and if we can't do that, then we don't deserve to have the opportunity to serve people. - So how do we get here and how does Facebook recover? Well, first of all, let's figure out what happened. So on March 16th, the New York Times and The Guardian reported that a data mining firm named Cambridge Analytica, which had worked on Donald Trump's presidential campaign, had improperly obtained access to more than 50 million user profiles. Experts believe the firm could have used that data to gain an unfair advantage in targeting voters. Mark Zuckerberg didn't say anything about these stories for five days. And then on Wednesday, he wrote a Facebook post and gave an interview to CNN. - [Interviewer] I'm gonna challenge you-- - But we're here now, - I'm gonna challenge you, have you done it-- - And we're gonna make sure that we do a good job at it. - Have you done a good enough job yet? - Well, I think we will see. - This scandal is extremely weird because we've known the basic details that Cambridge Analytica got access to these profiles for more than two years. It's not clear that the data they obtained was really all that useful to them, and the number of profiles that they supposedly obtained, 50 million, that might turn out to just be marketing hype from Cambridge Analytica. Despite all that, this is the biggest public relations crisis Facebook has faced since the aftermath of the 2016 election. Senators are calling on Zuckerberg to testify, the Federal Trade Commission is investigating, British authorities are investigating, and Facebook stock price has been declining. So let's look at what happened. The story starts in 2014. That's when a University of Cambridge researcher named Aleksandr Kogan created an app called thisisyourdigitallife. About 270,000 people downloaded it, gave away their information, and Kogan, unbeknownst to them, passed along that information to a data mining and political strategy firm, named Cambridge Analytica. At the time, Facebook's platform API let developers like Kogan access information about your friends as well as yourself. Christopher Wylie, who used to work at Cambridge Analytica, told The Times and The Guardian that that was how his company was able to get access to information of as many as 50 million people. And the idea was, that by gleaning your Facebook likes, the company could begin to understand your personality and then, more effectively target political advertising at you. This kind of thing is known as psychographic profiling. Experts say it can be useful at the margins in persuading voters, but at the same time, they say its effect can be easily overstated. Granted, Trump's campaign wasn't the first to gain information about potential supporters using Facebook. In fact, in 2012, President Obama's election team had created an app and done a very similar thing. But there was a big difference. President Obama's team told voters what it was doing. Cambridge Analytica obtained this information in total violation of Facebook's rules and didn't tell anybody who was taking Kogan's personality quiz that their data would eventually be used for political advertising targeting. The Guardian revealed the scheme in 2015. Facebook went to Kogan and Cambridge Analytica and demanded that they delete all of the data that they had obtained in violation of Facebook's rules. But the reports say that, in reality, Cambridge Analytica and Kogan never deleted the data, and Facebook never investigated to see whether they had deleted the data as promised. This gets to the heart of why some people are deleting their Facebook accounts right now. Facebook made it too easy for developers like Kogan to get access to their data, to their friends' data, and to share it. And it never informed people that their data had been improperly used. The scandal also came at a time when trust in Facebook has never been lower. In the aftermath of the 2016 election, we saw how obviously fake stories could spread faster and more persuasively than many true ones. And we learned that Kremlin-linked groups had waged a highly effective misinformation campaign on the platform. In some cases, even illegally buying ads. Meanwhile, new research was coming out showing that just browsing the newsfeed can make you feel worse about yourself, and a group of former Facebook executives came forward and expressed regret about their part in building the social network to begin with. In short, public perception of Facebook had become a tinderbox. Not that Tinder. But the Cambridge Analytica story was the spark that turned it into a bonfire. After a long delay, Zuckerberg announced plans to address abuses like Cambridge Analytica's. In 2014, Facebook had already stopped developers from gaining access to information about your friends. Now it's going a step further. If you go three months without using an app, Facebook is gonna cut off developer access to any information about you. And for developers that did have access to all that information, including information about your friends way back in 2014, Facebook is going to demand that they submit to an audit or be kicked off the platform. So will this fix the problem? On one hand, it's a start. Restricting developer access to your data could help Facebook start to rebuild some trust. But the larger issue for Zuckerberg is that he's really confronting three crises at once. There's the data privacy issue that the Cambridge Analytica story reveals. There's the newsfeed integrity issue and whether we can trust what we see on Facebook. And there's the broader cultural reckoning over social media, how we spend our time there, and whether it's ultimately good for us and the world. In January, Zuckerberg said that fixing Facebook's platform would be his personal challenge for the year. And yet, as he wades into this latest crisis, five days after it began, it's not clear Facebook is doing everything it can to address it. And as a Delete Facebook campaign starts gaining steam around the world, the challenge of fixing Facebook's platform feels greater than ever.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheVerge [942 likes]: Do you plan to delete Facebook?
  2. @officialbusinessgoblin [8 likes]: So many years later and this still matters more than ever...
  3. @lopony7944 [1 likes]: who is STILLLLLL 
on fb in 2026?
  4. @covelus [1 likes]: Years passed, and he's still stealing our data...
  5. @georgegeorge899 [1 likes]: Wait...
So he said that the Trump campaign was helped by Cambridge analytica with data from Facebook... But then he said that Facebook did something about that in 2014... Trump was elected in 2016...
WTF ?
  6. @l.c.3150 [1 likes]: Lesson: don’t do business with tRump!
  7. @avinjacob5296 [1 likes]: Mark Zuckerberg is a parasite 🪱
  8. @drainvigor [1 likes]: Not surprising but should've been regulated from the start

FTC should be held accountable as well. Internet became public in 1993 and by 2003 there should have been laws and regulations regarding services like facebook
  9. @SherryfromETSYsTHEWHITEE-xb7rf [1 likes]: THIS IMPACTED THE LAST US ELECTION! SOMEONE ASK WHO. MARK VOTED FOR?
  10. @YatharthUS: I think this what Zuckerberg meant to say was " I'm really sorry we got caught "
  11. @francesbernard2445: How many other similar kinds of companies are out there today with droves of employees working for them now who in reality are only serving bigger and 'better' machines. While their head politician in their own corner of the world never has to show up to be contending with those bigger and 'better' machines. Their head politician, only in their own corner of the world, who is encouraging them to keep on changing the name of their online presence too.
  12. @AndreeaCe: Damn, so many things unfold...
  13. @Orf: 2:45 Obama app did a very similar thing (but CA supposedly wasn't as transparent about it
  14. @Orf: 2:45 psychographic profiling
  15. @Elsang-Ngnb9iv: I’m not reopen of my Facebook accounts again and the apps business isn’t important for me at all.
  16. @Wherever-9: That's what unfairly gave Trump the Presidency. The USA used to stand for free & fair elections but those days are unfortunately over.
There is no trust anymore in the digital age.
There is no trust in anything anymore. We live in a world where everything is controlled by the ultra wealthy & unfortunately everything has become corrupt. It's a world I wish I was never born into.
We live on a planet that is totally polluted beyond repair. The earth can no longer sustain the damage done to it.
All the wars, famine, pollution ,corruption, all because the powers that be only care about greed. FB is just 1 example. Mr Zuckerberg actually could do a lot of good on a global level if FB wasn't strictly profit driven. Mr Zuckerberg values his privacy but FB doesn't value the privacy of its users apparently & actually neither does Google. 
Now the powers that be have gotten so smart we have the capability to clone even human beings. It's as if nothing is sacred anymore. What a superficial & doomed planet the earth has unfortunately become.
  17. @cjhsuliman13: Trump likely just went around this and is using similar tactics or ghost accounts to interfere with the social media outlook on his campaign this time.
  18. @Hollowdude15: Amazing video The Verge :]
  19. @Hollowdude15: Wow🎉🎉
  20. @HarfangX: At the end of the day... all the big social networks turned around and in 2020 did the opposite to Trump except this time it wasn't from a hired firm but an internal partisan agenda

- How to Get Users and Grow - Alex Schultz, VP of Growth at Facebook - Stanford CS183F: Startup School: Kind: captions Language: en Good afternoon everybody. Today, we have Alex Schultz, VP of growth at Facebook, and probably the world expert on growth, as he can vouch from this weekend, the person I go to when I have a really hard growth question. Many people who work at Facebook, many of these founders at Facebook in fact, and very early employees have said hiring Alex has been one of the secret successes of Facebook that is not well understood. You joined almost ten years ago, and I think at that point Facebook had less than 100 million users? >> Yeah. >> Way less than 100 million users. Facebook now has 1.6 billion and Alex has been after the importance of having a great product, maybe the second most important driver of that. >> Having Naomi, these very important people. >> And the team, anyway, thank you very much for coming to speak to us. >> Thank you. I did not pay Sam for that introduction and I would note that Havi is my boss so, hi Havi. But no, Havi and Naomi, Danny, they are these people who've been in the growth team for four years and then people like Blake, and Martin, and Ray and James Wang who set the team up. And it's very nice, but I am a VP on growth, I am not the VP of growth. So you've had an amazing lecture series. I just watched all of them yesterday to make sure I didn't say anything without actually having seen what everybody else said. And it was totally awesome. I loved what D'Angelo had to say, so that lecture, if you weren't here, if you didn't watch it, I strongly recommend you go back and see what Adam D'Angelo said, because I could not emphasize his points on metrics more than enough. And so what I'm going to try and do for the first half is go over some of the points that have been made already and emphasize what I think is most important when you're thinking about growth and what my take is and our take is on the Facebook growth team on those. And then in the second half, try and talk to you a little bit more about tactics that have been particularly useful. The caveat that I think you should take onboard is what Stewart from Slack and Flickr said. Which is to some extent, you do have 100 million monkeys bashing at typewriters, and I am very, very lucky to be on the growth team at Facebook to get to work on a product like Facebook that has the retention that Facebook does. That has everyone in the world wanting to use the product and to say that, I drove it or any of us drove it beyond their being great product market fit is perhaps not true. I can't tell you what the AB test is if we didn't even have a growth team at Facebook. So what matters most to growth? The single most important thing to growth is retention. Adam commented on this in his talk, and he showed you cohorts from some real company. But here is a stylized cohort of how you should look at retention. The number of days from acquisition is on the x axis. On the y axis is the percent of people who has still monthly active. I care a lot about using monthly active, not daily active, not weekly active. There are really good arguments for using daily active that people say all the time. Because it's about intensity of usage. But what really, really matters is that you got skin in the game and people come back to your product at least once a month. And then you build on top of that engagement revenue, whatever your key metrics are which we'll get to in a minute, but firstly, I believe monthly active is the most important thing. The second thing is how do you rally calculate it? So I've got a real graph for revenue in a few slides from Facebook from the first 250 days of our ads products, which I'll show you. But the thing that's really, really important is to say that, it's very easy to calculate this curve even if you have 1,000 or 100 users. And what you do is you look at all of your users on the first day after they signed up. Were they monthly active? Yes, clearly, right? The first 30 days everyone's going to be monthly active. I'd prefer if you defined a month as 28 days, by the way, because multiples of seven is really, really good for these kind of metrics because of weeks. But for the first 30 days, everyone has been active on their first day, on their second day, on their third day as a monthly active user, whether they came back or not. And then what you do is you look at day 31. And obviously, only some of your users will have been active for 31 days. Everyone who signed up a day ago was not active for 31 days. So what percentage of them were active on day 31, what percentage of them were active on day 32? And as you go further and further out in the number of days since registration, the number of people who have been on your service that long declines. Which means that your metric is going to get noisier, right, as you get out to the far right hand side of that curve. But that doesn't mean you can't get a handle of where things flatten out very, very early on with very small numbers of users. The number one criticism people give me when I talk about retention as a metric. Or even when you look at what Adam presented in his presentation earlier is you need lots and lots of users. So you need millions of users to calculate that, that is not true. We did it with thousands of users in the early days of advertisers for Facebook for example. Or you need to have had all of those users on for a very long time. Look at Adam's graph it was multiple years with months, and months, and months. No, you can do it day by day, and you can get to a really good place super, super fast, using this methodology. So what you're looking for in a retention curve? You're looking for it to flat line above zero, not flat line like a heart monitor. You want it to flat line at some line that asymptotes with the x-axis. There are three types of these curves that I've seen. The first type is where asymptotes to the x-axis. Like really, really close, goes down to almost zero. You hear about a lot of those companies. You think about most games, most games are smash hits. How many people use FarmVille now versus how many people used FarmVille at its absolute, please tell me you know what FarmVille is. [LAUGH] Yeah, okay, all right. How many people used farm, I'm feeling old. I had hair when I first did one of these. How many people use FarmVille now versus how many people used to use it? FarmVille was a smash hit, then there's other ones which look like this, where they stabilize out. So you think about Minecraft, right, or World of Warcraft. These games that somehow have network effects and people stay in them for a long time. The other version for this curve I've seen is the ones where they go down, they look like they're going to hit the x-axis and then they re-accelerate and they go up. There's a few different things that can cause that right, so you have this, this overwhelming thing that is driving you down to have zero retention and somehow the numbers go up again. So things that drive that for businesses, and you actually I think mentioned this in your intro. One, network effects, so when all your friends get on Facebook, you're much more likely to use Facebook. When all your friends get on Twitter, you'll more likely use the Twitter, WhatsApp, Messenger. Whichever social service you're talking about, there are network effects that really matter. Network effects also count in marketplaces. When you have enough sellers, you can have enough buyers. When you have enough traffic, you get more sellers. And so as marketplaces go, often what you find is these old cohorts that signed up resurrect and come back to the service. So network effects can drive the curve up after it's flatlined somewhere or is heading towards zero. The second thing that can do this is opening up a new interface. So think about it. A lot of people release their apps first on iOS. I actually loved Diane's talk last week for this, by the point that he made of starting with Nokia, focusing on Android because it's what most of the world use, but in Silicon Valley we typically build our apps first on iOS more often than not. And then when someone releases an Android application, and this was something I saw with Instagram years and years ago. But when you release an Android application, people might have tried it on an iPhone And then traded their iPhone for an Android and no longer be able to access your service. People might've tried your service on a friend's iPhone and then when you add an Android they come back and use your service. So that's another thing that can drive you up again. And then the third thing that I've seen on this curves that drive this curves up again is adding categories, so think about Amazon. There was a really good discussion, was that Stuart earlier or? Someone earlier in this talked about Amazon, and how Amazon started with books because there was this large inventory available of books. But then they added in another category. And then they added in another category over time. And imagine, there will be people who came to Amazon to buy that one book, but then two years down the line Amazon suddenly had kitchenware, I don't know, or fashion. And they came back and then they bought fashion and they brought them more use cases to come back more monthly active. This was true with eBay. We added motors. I remember being at eBay and we had to do all of our reporting on gross merchandise volume with and without motors. And no one had ever believed that you could buy a car online, and eBay did it. And it created a whole new use case for people, many of whom were existing eBay customers, who now had one more category they could shop in. So you want to curve the asymptotes to a line parallel to the x-axis. You can do it with far more limited amounts of data than most people think you can by using the technique I outlined earlier, and I'll show you a real world example in a few slides. And there are three types of curves that I've seen. Curves that asymptote like this, awesome, your company will survive. And how big will it get? We have another question. Curves to go straight to zero. That's okay, you could be in games and your job is to produce one hit after another after another. EA doesn't expect whatever fee for 2012, they still have lots of users now if they've released FIFA 27. So it's okay, there are businesses where hitting the x axis is okay. But you need to know you're in one of those businesses. And then the third that I've seen is the curve going up. And that can be driven by network effects. That can be driven by being available on more platforms. That can be driven by adding categories to your marketplace or service. From this falls out a brilliant way to look at growth, and this guy Danny Ferrante who was at Yahoo. Who was one of the first members of the growth team runs core data science at Facebook, he's totally awesome. He's really the brains behind the operation I'm the mouth. Danny came up or brought this to Facebook, and it's a simple way to look at growth. We were looking at growth as how many users were we growing by week on week? We looked at it on an absolute basis. And looking at it like that we were like okay so we're signing up whatever it was a million a week and we're growing by whatever it was 800,000 a week I don't know. Cool, we're churning 200,000 people. And we never actually looked at it in this way. When we change the way we look at things to say well okay, the net growth is 800,000 a week, the new users are 1 million a week. But what is churn and resurrection? And what we actually found at the time, and I can't remember the absolute numbers so I'll just make some up. But imagine you're churning 1.3 million. So not 200,000, 1.3 million. You're resurrecting 1.1 million. So plus 1 minus 1.3 plus 1.1, you've got net 800,000 in growth. But that 800,000 in growth is being driven, I think I did the math wrong, but 800,000 in growth is being driven by a different order of magnitude from churn and resurrection than you realized. And so that helps you focus on how do I stop people churning? How do I get people to come back to my service who are not coming back to my service right now? So once you have your retention curves, once you start to have a business with retention. You need to look at your growth accounting, not just how many users are we acquiring. Make sense? Overall the number one thing I focus on for growth, and the one thing that we focus on for growth is retention. So what gets you retained in any given service? Magic Moment. What is the moment when you used Airbnb? What is the moment when used Door Dash, when you used Slack, when you used Facebook, LinkedIn, WhatsApp? Whatever the product, what is that moment when you went, yes, I've got it. Right, on Facebook it's friends. You see that first friend, that person who I've got completely the wrong crowd for this but the person from high school who you lost contact with as you grow older and moved away. But you see that person and you go, wow. I haven't talked to them in years. Let's see what's going on in their life. And they've had a kid and lost their hair too, and you feel better about yourself. That is a magic moment on Facebook. So how quickly can you drive the user to that magic moment. You look at Airbnb, right? They talked about the delight that they give people. They talked about these different screenshots of the stages of the user journey that they've created as a map of the user journey. Getting that first person reserve your house. Staying at that first property, those are our magic moments. eBay, buying your first item from a stranger online. Nowadays that doesn't seem crazy but back when I was working at eBay in the UK, that was revolutionary. And people really, their eyes lit up when you talk to them about it. In Germany they had this great ad, tights by minds that showed the build up of when you are waiting for the auction to finish and view to make your first purchase. That was such an adrenaline endorphin moment. But users loved it. Nowadays, it seems a long time ago. Those magic moments are what you need to look for. So how do you find them? Well you can find them in the non scalable way which is don't they just sound relatively obvious? You can actually think through what is the experience on my product? What do I want people to do? You can ask your first users, okay, you're keeping using my product. Why are you keeping using my, what is the thing that makes you happy to use my product? What was that first moment? It's non scalable but it generally works. When you ask people what is the best thing about Facebook? The first thing they say is connecting with friends and family. In all the research, why do you like Facebook? It helps me connect to my friends and family. So you can do it the non-scalable way or you can do it the scalable way. Look for correlations. So Marcus talked at startup school himself and he said that we focused on getting people to ten friends in 14 days. It's a smooth curve, right? Number of friends on the x axis and percent retained on the y axis. It's not like there's a step change at ten, if you get nine you don't retain. If you get 11 you do and it all changes at ten. No, it's clearly a smooth curve and we picked a point on the curve. But there's a strong correlation between number of friends you've got in the first 14 days and whether you retain or not. There's a correlation between number of friends in the first day but there are correlations for any product like did you place a bid, did you do a buy it now or did you list an item on eBay? Was the thing that was completely correlated with retention for eBay. You can imagine, I don't know, I mean DoorDash was founded at Stanford, right? You could imagine for DoorDash. You've placed your first order and that order arrives to your door. And whether you place an order or not and how many orders you place you place in the first week, probably they are actually correlated with whether you retain or not. So you need to look for the magic moment of your product by talking to users and then try and validate that with correlations. Makes sense? Cool, I love this. I put it in every presentation I could. So I'm lucky enough to have been trained in physics at Cambridge in the UK. And my favorite and my favorite lecture series, not my favorite lecture but my favorite lecture series was in this thing called dimensional reasoning. And so it's easy for me to stand up here and say, okay, you need to get flat retention and then you have a viable business. That's not actually true that's kind of a glib statement. If you're producing a social network and you have 5% retention you're not going to long term have a tremendous social network. Or a messaging app like what use would WhatsApp be if only 5% of your friends actually used WhatsApp who signed up for it. I mean it would be useless, right? And there's no way we could release 1 billion plus numbers of active users if that was true for us. On the other hand, if you have a marketplace that is selling fashion. And you have 5 or 10% retention but those people spend a lot of money you have a totally viable business. And so the level of retention you need varies dramatically by the category that you're in. Obviously, the higher the better is true in everything. If you can have an Ebay type business model or Amazon type business model with 90% retention. You probably end up bigger than Amazon and that would be incredible. But I think the point I like to make is, you can figure out and I love this as an inspirational story. So Geoffrey Taylor was this British physicist, he was on the edge of the Manhattan Project, he wasn't in the corp, he ended up winning a Noble Prize later for a different area. And the US and Russian governments were releasing these images to say this is how big our bomb is. But they weren't releasing the actual power because that was a closely guarded state secret. And so what Geoffrey Taylor did he used this technique called dimensional reasoning where you look at the units in the metric you were trying to achieve. So joules, right, for energy, it's joules. Kilograms times meters squared over seconds squared, that's what joules decomposes into. In this case, kilograms, what are you going to use? The volume of the air times the density of the air, which handily, is one. So you've now got meters cubed times meters squared over seconds squared. So meters [INAUDIBLE] over seconds times seconds minus 2. The time is on here, the diameter, the radius of the sphere is on here. You just plug the radius in as m, you plug the diameter of the time in as seconds, and you end up getting 25 kilotons as the output. You get 10 to the 14, I think is what it works out as. And it turns out the bomb was 21 kilotons as measured by the US government. He could take one photo and figure out the most closely guarded state secret in the United States at the time. You can figure out what retention you need to have if he can figure that out. >> [LAUGH] >> So here is what I promised, this is an actual curve. I presented a few different events, so I taken off the numbers because I'm worried they're State secrets. But this is from 2007 to 2008. I joined the week we started our ads business at Facebook, our self-service ad business by us. The pink speaks to the right-hand axis, the blue speaks to the left-hand axis. What the blue is is how many advertisers had been in the system at least one day, two days, three days because the x-axis is number of days from acquisition make sense. So the thing has only been around 250 days, so 0 people have been advertisers 251 days ago. And when they turned 51st date and all the people have been active on day 0. And then each of those pink data points is the total revenue achieved from every user who had registered. Who was using the service on their 30th day, or their 31st day divided by how many users signed up 30 or 31 days ago. Not how many were active, right? How many signed up. So total in the cohort, who signed up 30 or 31 days ago. You divide the revenue they made in the day by that number of users. And that gives you that shape of curve that's up there. I stumbled over my words a bit there. I promise you if you look over it again it makes perfect sense. I did this with Danny back in 2008. The really important things I want you to take away from looking at this curve is, look how flat the pink line is. Like I've been talking about curves flattening out, this is an actual curve flattening out. And look how quickly it's flattened out. By 100 days you can pretty much predict what the line is going to be at 200 days. I've seen this over and over. I've seen this with engagement. So if you divide time spent by the same denominator. I've seen it actually for sentiment. If you have large enough sentiment survey and you divide it by that same denominator. I have seen it for posts. I have seen it for photos uploaded, messages sent. You can use the same techniques that I talked about for determining how much retention you have and whether your business is viable, to figure out what is the lifetime value of one of your customers. If I was to acquire the total addressable market for my business today, what revenue will I be making in 100 days? That's what this curve a allows you to do. You can predict it for posts. You can predict it for page views. Time spent, whatever you want. The same methodology works for engagement, that works for retention. And, actually, retention is often the biggest driver of this metric. And we did this with very little data. Later on, there's a stat we are okay releasing, which was end of 2012, we had about 700,000 active advertisers. Beginning we had about 300,000 active advertisers. And this was five years before that. So you can imagine there was a very small data set that was behind calculating this. The last thing is I said things get noisy the further up you go. You can literally see that on this graph, right? The variance in the numbers the further to the right you go on the graph. So now, how do you operate for growth? Most important thing is have a clear goal. Brian, who is awesome on growth marketing on Facebook, great guy, he always says, if you are a growth team your product is a number. One of the most brilliant things I think that Mark did in the early days of Facebook was he aligned the entire company on monthly active people as our goal. Now why does this matter? It matters for a bunch of reasons, but the biggest and most important reason is I think it aligns everyone. When you have a company of more than two or three people, or by the way, a team of more than two or three people, certainly when it gets to the hundreds. You can't control what anyone does. I mean, you could probably control what one person does, but then the other 199 would do whatever the hell they wanted. So what do you want to do? You want to make sure everyone is pointing in the same direction, and that direction is generally right. So let's think back to the early days of any company. Whether it's Facebook, whether it's Air BnB, LinkedIn, whatever you want to look at. It would be completely reasonable to have a goal of revenue, right? You want your company to stay alive, you want to make enough money that your company can still be viable, that you can employ people, that valuation goes up. So a reasonable person could say, I think we need to drive towards revenue. At the same time, you could have a metric that was like, if you're Air BnB number of hosts. If you're Facebook, number of posts. If your DoorDash number of orders. I don't even know what this company's metrics are beyond Facebook's. You could easily have a production metric or a consumption metric. You could have a time spent in our service metric, and every one of those metrics would be a completely reasonable metric to drive for. So you've got ten reasonable people, maybe five of them think you should have monthly active people. One is really focused on revenue, two are looking at time spent and two are looking at number of posts. Everyone is pushing in a reasonable direction that is vaguely aligned but probably will have conflict. If you want to get ad in front of users as quickly as you possibly can you may not necessarily want to put friends in front of them immediately. If you want to get them to post you may dial up the composer and push down the ads. I don't know. These are trade offs that you could be making. And if the whole team isn't clear what the goal is, they will be in conflict. So having a clear goal that your company looks to drive is really, really important, and having that goal be MAP in my opinion is the best metric that you can drive for. Because it is that once a month visitation, that base level you can drive off of. If you're going to do a consumer internet company. But fundamentally, the most important thing is pick a goal, your team's product is a goal, focus on that goal. Align the company around that goal and then you are going to operate correctly for growth. The other thing I always say is you don't need a growth team. If you're a small company, if you're even series A, don't have a growth team. Don't hire someone like me. The whole company's job should be growth. I'm very happy at Facebook, so I don't want a job offer. But the whole company's goal should be growing. The purpose of a start up is to grow. So, what is the number you want to grow? And align the whole company against growing that number. Does that make sense? Now, Naomi is amazing and Naomi is someone people don't know that well out of Facebook, but she runs product and engineering for growth. She's brilliant, she's been at Facebook 12 years. So, when you say I'm original, I feel not original everyday. She sits like three feet from me, she's amazing. Anyway, she has this approach that we use to iterate through our growth planning cycles, which I think works really well. Understand, first of all understand what is going on. Look at all the data you have, talk to your users. Ask your users what they think. Understand everything that is going on with your product that you can possibly understand. What matters? Retention. Are you churning too many? Do you have the retention? Is the revenue going up on a per user basis? What are the acquisition channels you're getting? Which channel are people resurrecting through? Are they resurrecting through email? Is it push notifications? What's going on? Understand what's going on for your system. Have that all tracked. Then identify, look through all of those different metrics, all of that different research you get in, and identify where there are opportunities. Where do you see big drop-offs? Do you have a lot of people with push notifications turned on who are not receiving push notifications? Do you have a lot of people who are receiving push notifications who are not clicking on them? Do you have loads and loads of social media traffic, but no search traffic? Are your email viral invites working but your SMS ones not, and what is the difference between those? Go and look at the data and identify where there are gaps, and then try and double down on fixing those gaps in the execution phase. Now to this day, this is still how we run growth at Facebook and you can even see a a talk Naomi and I gave online nine years ago I think at FA. Eight or nine years ago, where we talked about using this approach and we have kept it going. Understand what's going on, identify the opportunities in that data you've understood, and then execute against it. Another really interesting thing I think was said earlier is data debt sucks and you're going to regret it later. And your intuition is going to run out at some point and then you're going to want data. In 2009, we actually shut down all of the work the growth team was doing during January. And we only spent the time logging, and making sure every critical flow on Facebook. Registration, at the time we didn't log clicks on emails. So, click some emails, it seems obvious now but we didn't have it. Clicks on the emails, did you then actually log in or did you fail in the password entry. All of these different things, we logged them so that we could understand what was going on. And that was super critical because actually in March that year, we had a massive growth slow down. And we would not have been able to understand what was going on if we hadn't done the logging in January. Because what went on was actually super new ones and without that logging in place, we wouldn't have known. Get the data logged so you can run through this process. So speaking of data, I am very, very lucky at Facebook. I do growth marketing, I've run the awesome internationalization team. But I also run the analytics team for the company and that's been a couple years now. When I talk about data to people internally, I like to say these three points. There's a meme in the valley that you operate either for user experience or for metrics. And I really want to bust that meme. Data when used in the right way gives you empathy about your users. One example I've talked about in the past is we launched a product on Facebook that you may have seen on your big 42 inch monitors. No one has a big 42 inch monitor in here, but I'm sure some of you do at home. That has on the right-hand side all the friends you can chat with on Facebook, but at the top it has this list of stories that's ticking over called ticker. When you're on a small screen, that product used to collapse into the right-hand column of Facebook and push things down so that you could still see these stories ticking over. That product worked great for all of us who had huge numbers of friends who are creating a lot of content on big screens. But if you went to the Philippines where there was huge usage in Internet cafes and people run narrow screens, the majority that amended up having that in the right-hand column. And the majority of them were low engagement with Facebook and couldn't see people you may know below the fold. And so, we actually lost friending amongst users who are very different to ourselves. And we only figured out what was happening by looking at the data and saying, why is this bad on small screens and awesome on big screens? Why is it not so great for low engagement users and super for power users? It was because we used the data to understand these users who are different to us here in Silicon Valley. Now think about it, I presume I don't know. I'm seeing a lot of Apple products here. I have a Lenovo at the moment. But most of you probably have a iPhones. Who has a iPhone? Who has an Android? You're the best. Most people in the world are using Androids. But everyone in this room has an iPhone, first and foremost. You don't understand. I'm actually forgetting how to use iOS now, which actually is a problem in my job. But I've got an Android because the majority, maybe not the majority, a vast number of our users use Android, as Jan said in the last talk. And I need to understand what the Android operating system offers. But I can't understand Android and iOS well as a user at the same time. So, I used data to understand what's going on on iOS. You need to gain empathy for your users. And research is great, and talking to your customers is great. But if you listen to the Twitch guy, Emmit, talk to your users then go away and build the product to serve them. And look at the data, in my opinion, would be the next thing to validate if you built the right thing. If you're doing the right thing, if your research actually ties up with what your users have said to you. So, data gives you empathy. It's not a trade-off between metrics and users. If you build the right metrics, you are optimizing for the users. Two, data predicts the future. Over and over and over again, I love this quote. It's a science fiction outright thing. But like the future is here, it's just not evenly distributed yet. So, those curves that show you the retention. When I said you can look at your total addressable market and say, if I sign them all up, how much revenue would I get? Or you just look at who you signed up today. Let's say back in those days, we signed up a thousand advertisers in a day. I could tell you how much revenue they would contribute hundred days out because of that curve. Now, also you're users are going to ramp up. So, a user who shops in one category if you're eBay or if you're Amazon and then buys in a second category and a third category is clearly going to get more valuable, right? Shopping the shop, driving up same store sales is a common technique in e-commerce. Okay, so how many of your users are increasing the number of categories they're shopping in? You see someone sign up. What likelihood is it that they're going to add extra categories, and what is your revenue going to be in the future? You can predict that with data. AB tests are another great thing. See all these people walking in the science march believing in science. And then when you apply the scientific method to their product and run an AB test, they ship the thing that looked bad in the AB test because they didn't believe the AB test. I see that with all kinds of startups I talk to. AB tests tell you what's going to happen when you ship them to 100%, use them it works. Finally, and this is something Mark actually added recently for me. Data helps you make decisions faster. If you can not as the CEO, have to have a conversation over something where you could just run a test, your company is going to be able to move quicker, because every decision won't have to come to you. People on the team, if they're clear on what that goal is, that north star metric is. They can run the test, see if they moved the metric and then only come to you when they know if they've moved the metric or not. Decisions like that help you move faster. Knowing what your most important priority is because you've looked at the data. That helps you move faster. Cool. So now you want me to push as much of the time as possible so I'm pushing for as much as time as possible. So let's talk about tactics. First 100 users. Sam talked about this brilliantly. If you actually listen I thought Tracy in the previous conversation was just fantastic. When she talked about getting 30 of her friends in the construction industry to try Plangrid, and then asking them to pay and 29 of them kept paying. Like ask your friends first for your first 100 customers. Get people who will give you honest feedback, and I love the point about make them pay, if it's a paid product. Second, research and then reach out to who you'd like to have as your users. Totally makes sense, right? Like, you can do how Oscar was discovered by the Lob Team right. Just email a bunch of people, don't get caught in a spam filter. Don't just auto generate emails or you'll definitely get caught in a spam filter. But send personal emails, get introductions, see which friend you have in common. I emphasize by the way, I have never start up, so I might be entirely the wrong person to tell you about first 100 users, but Sam asked me to. Third, social media and PR, PR is unscalable, but it can give you amazing bumps. Amazing bumps. And in the early days I think PR is a good growth leader. Later on, I think companies don't realize when PRs stop being a growth lever, because they have these other metrics. But you can get these great one-time bumps. Just know you can't get them every single week, and sometimes they are a one off. And finally, by ads. I am not as against ads as Sam is, as a great method for growing users. I think that buying ads can be absolutely fantastic. I built my career buying ads, two of the most valuable internet companies, Google and Facebook make all their revenue from selling ads like ads are actually a good thing. If you get the targeting right and we're going to talk about that in a second. If you're having a growth team, if you're focused on growth tactics what people talk about is growth hacking, though I hate the term If you pour fuel. This is a picture from a guy called Nick on my team, Nick. I did not tell him to hold his hand into the flames, which you'll see in a second. If you pour lighter fluid onto dead coals with no spark, you get nothing. And if there's one thing to take away from this lecture, you need to have product market fit to drive growth. You need retention to drive growth. Otherwise, every growth tactic, every acquisition tactic you could possibly run doesn't matter. But if you have a spark there. If you have a glowing ember you can pour fuel on the fire of your product and that is what growth tactics does. So I look at things based on channel. Targeting creative and then conversion. So you think about channel, I'm going to do some greatest hits here. If ou look at SEO, you think, I have to think about keyword research. Which keywords do I want to show up for on Google on the other search engines? And make sure you have content targeted against those keywords. You need to get links, links from the internet to your site. If you're a Silicon Valley startup you technically get a lot of links off high value sites so you usually don't have to worry about that. But then you need to link inside your site. Many people will tell you links don't matter anymore, in my experience that's not true. I don't know why it's not true, but it's not been true in my experience. And then finally, there are a bunch of basics out there on SEO, you can look them up. There are a load of websites that talk about them. STO book, MOOs, there are a bunch of websites out there you can read about SCO tactics. Four page search. The biggest thing I see people do wrong is they dont think about incrementality. They by page search and they don't necessarily say, well, would I have got those customers anyway? So look really hard. If you're going to buy page search as a startup you should see a step change in your line. Your marketing team, if you've reached the stage where you have a marketing guy should show you a line that is flat and then they turn on page search and it goes up. That's the same of any ads if you are a small startup. If your a big company incrementality analysis there's this great Berkeley professor Steve Tedelis whose done a deep study in it with Ebay that I love and I think he's really smart. Big companies, you have to be very, very smart about getting incrementally. You're a small startup. Show me a step change. Do think about marginal not absolute ROI. So people always look at I spent this much I got this much. How valuable is it? That's not what you want to look at. You want to look at the last dollar you spent. How much did you get for that? Not overall does that make sense? Not as many knots. I'm going to blast through that. Look at margin ROI, look at diminishing return curves and economics. And then again, you need to do keyword research. So email and SMS push notifications. This is something every startup gets wrong. We always optimize for ourselves. Have you seen the Instagram thing on the internet where someone shows a phone of an Instagram user with a million followers when they posted something and they have push notifications on. And the string just goes [SOUND] and all the notifications are coming in at high speed? That's what we're like for our own products. For our products we are the power users and by nature every start up I have gone and talked to has always optimized for themselves. Has always optimized for the power user. And so by optimizing for the power user, what you do? Well, we shouldn't put down by default because it's going to completely expand my whole screen. Power users are smart. If you give them the options, they know how to turn off notifications. It's your marginal users you should care about with notifications. That person for whom they received their first Like on Instagram or the host that gets their first notification on Airbnb. Or the seller that gets their first bid on Ebay or the buyer who's just been out bid in their first item. That's the person that needs to get the notification. And needs to respond to it, and you need to optimize for in your head. Marginal user is the number one thing in email, SMS, push, notifications, and even offline mail which Rob was talking about and is still very important for many companies. People get wrong, they optimize for themselves. Beyond that you need to make sure it gets delivered, opened, clicked on, etc. There's so much more here and if I push through all of it I'm not going to get to any questions. Do you want me to get to questions? >> This is pretty important. How about this and no questions. >> This and no questions, is everybody okay with that? Everybody for next week. >> So think about on site merchandising. You own a lot of media. There's this idea of earned, bought, and owned media. So if you post on Facebook and it gets loads of likes you've earned that media, right. If you bought an ad on Facebook or google or somewhere, you've bought that media. And then if they're on your own website, you own that media. People underestimate the value of owned media. If you have a lot of traffic on your site, ask them to invite their friends. Ask them to complete that next action in your product. Think about your on-site merchandising as an extension of your product, but understand that on-site merchandising is a marketing problem. So how can you trigger the right thing? Someone has just bought an item for you, immediately like Amazon does. Trigger for them a set of suggestions like why don't you buy this and this, so the customers who bought this also bought this, works incredibly well. What about creative? Creative is really important. It should be personalized, because they're on your site, you know their name. Hey Alex, why don't you buy these items that other similar customers have bought. Performs way better than buy these other items that similar customers have bought. That's one simple personalization. But instead of just saying this customer bought this item, you should do a prediction. This person, all the items they've ever bought let me predict for them in a personalized way what item they should buy. Look at Facebook and how often we say five of your friends have done x. Social context, that's personalization. Use people's own profile picture. We have a great personalization example where when you're on a Facebook page, we show you what your ad would look like if you bought it, with a Buy This button underneath it. It could not be more personalized. On-site merchandising gives you so many opportunities to deeply, deeply personalize the creative. And finally, paid and organic social. I do work for Facebook, we do make all of are money from ads. And I personally think that I am not the best person to speak about buying ads on Facebook, because I'm the guy who buys ads off Facebook to drive traffic to Facebook. But what I'll say is if I left Facebook today, and I was a start-up I would be crazy not to use our custom audiences and look-alike targeting. So I highly, highly encourage you if you think about nothing else on Facebook ads to look into those. It's a great way for you to say these are my best customers. Upload the list to Facebook. How do I find more customers like those? It works incredibly well for a lot of companies. And the other thing across all social media is to a great extent you're dealing with interesting squared. Because the click-through rate on your thing, the like rate or whatever on your thing will be related to how interesting it is, and also the distribution, whether it's being shared via a messaging app, reshared on Twitter, or on Facebook, will be driven by whether people found it interesting. Okay, targeting. Behavioral is most important. So what you did Is much more important than who you are. There are 50 year old, 60 year old parents and grandparents who don't need two friends to be active on Facebook. And there are some who need 500. And there are teenagers who need 500 friends and some who need two, and you're much better to figure out like what is the behavior that tells you that. Then say on a demographic basis, I'm going to do this versus this. People who buying Nike's, Men's Nike trainers typically are men, but sometimes people buy for their boyfriend, or their husband, or their dad or whatever. And so if you just target women with women's trainers and men with men's trainers you are making a mistake. What you should do is look at what signals you to show the right ad or the right content to the right person at the right time. Targeting matters. I've talked about this before. Okay, creative. Creative is important but it's nowhere near as important as the above two unless you have a 10x creative. If you produce the Dollar Shave Club video, probably it's very very worth it but most people don't produce a piece of creative that amazing that changes the world. Typically I find targeting comes before creative in every single way, and channel comes before that. So creative is awesome and really important and can give you a big uplift, but think about your channel first and your targeting second. If you have creative though, you should put it in context, you should personalize it, you give it a call to action. On call to action, this is a great example. Where on every ad back in the day on Facebook we had a little link at the top that said advertise. We translated it wrong by mistake in French. We found this with the data in French, we translated to clear an ad. Create an ad. And we had significantly more, actually 40% more acquisition from that channel that was at the time our single most important channel for advertiser acquisition. We took the French translation and we reverse translated it and changed the whole world. Instead of saying the kind of passive advertise to the active create an ad. And we achieved a 40% bump in that most important channel for us for advertiser acquisition. That is the call to action, like what you say matters. So when I say creative doesn't matter as much as channel, and targeting, it still matters a lot. And the words you use matter a lot. This is the example I said about in context with intent. If you are on your own page, this used to be ad we would show to you, that say hey this is what your ad would look like elsewhere on the site. And you can see that by hour this was the hour that we doubled advertiser acquisition for Facebook with the weekly push. If you want to see more about this, Brian Hale does a great talk about this at F8, and it's online. And then the last thing, yes. The last thing is conversion. Conversion is really really important, but it's not important until you've thought about all the other things first. So things to think about with conversion. The landing page people land on will determine what your conversion rate is going to be. If you can, don't have one button on it that they then have to click to go to the registration form. Put the registration form in the landing page. It's important to know what your most important metric is though. Back at eBay, what we had was this original metric confirmed registered users, and a new metric activated confirmed registered users. And an activated confirmed registered user was someone who bought an item, bid on an item, listed an item. And a confirmed registered user was someone who registered and confirmed and that was it. To get confirmed registered users we wanted to pump all of our search traffic, this was back in 2004 we were spending huge amounts on search. We wanted to pump all of our search traffic at the registration page. To get activated confirmed registered users we actually wanted to land it on the search term that you were looking for. So if you were looking for a trampoline, show you the trampolines you could buy on eBay. That change, and we changed all of our advertising to change the landing page, dropped confirmed registered users significantly that we were acquiring for eBay. But it increased activated It increased revenue and lifetime value per registered user. And it increased total revenue per day from the people we were acquiring. So although I think you can focus on the registration form really hard. Any commas, sometimes it's really, really important to land people on what they are searching for, so that they will activate and they will buy on your service. So it's not as simple as just put the registration form online. But we did do that on Facebook. So the final thing I like to say is Facebook moves fast. And move fast is an absolute core value for us as a company. Like core, core, core value and we still do bold things like taking messenger out of Facebook, that was challenging at the time. But I think now people are seeing how valuable a decision that was. And that was a project that I was deeply involved with and ran. We're willing to move fast, we're willing to be bold because fundamentally a good plan violently executed on today is better than a perfect plan next week. Data helps you move fast. These growth tactics help you move fast. Best of talks about making decisions with 70% of the data not 90% of the data. And I deeply believe in that. So move fast, focus on retention and have one key metric that you care about for your company's growth. Thank you. >> [APPLAUSE] >> Okay, apparently we have time for one question. I'm sorry. Go for it. >> So you mentioned that [INAUDIBLE]. How do you think that creating the. >> So the question was for the magic moments, you can kind of tell how you can figure out went they happened and that how you can create them. I mean honestly if you look at LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter every social network in the known universe. What we do is, we immediately ask you to import your contacts. So once we know that friends is the thing that we need to do for you, we focus on what is the way to remove friction from getting you friends. If you look at the example I used with eBay, we hadn't really figured out that activating you was important to generating the revenue long term. So we shifted the landing page and the registration form to the search results. So we got you to the item you wanted to buy as quickly as possible. And that caused you to activate and get to that magic moment faster. So those are the kind of things once you identify it I actually think the tactics fall out very logically. My boss Javi likes to say that common sense is the least common of all senses and I agree with him. But if you step back and just look okay, if I want more people to buy an item on eBay should I land them on the registration page or the search results page? You'd probably land them on the search result page and that would get them to that magic moment faster. >> Thank you, okay.

  Top Comments:
  1. @littlebrit [10 likes]: There were sending out a lot of spam emails. I remember I got 5-6 everyday asking to sign up. That time public email service users were asked to share they contacts list with the app, so that is how they got hold of my emails addresses.
  2. @ultronsam1214 [1 likes]: Looking forward to the day I will also be in Stanford to give a lecture as a Founder.
  3. @ihsanmardini436 [1 likes]: Great !🔥
  4. @thisiskhalil: In my sector medical tourism, the key matrix is not to come back to us for treatment. How do you suggest I measure my matrix?
  5. @david.breder: Is the guy making the introduction Sam Altman?
  6. @serolog: He didn't talk about data in the context of the dark pattern design
  7. @rajatsachdeva7346: Great talk. Especially loved you reiterating on focus on channel, then targeting, then creative.
  8. @doctorhump: “Data predicts the future”

This was the only weak spot of the otherwise spectacular talk. Data correlates with future behavior in narrow controlled software environments. 

Why was Meta late to AI if they can predict the future? Why does Reality Labs spend 60 billion dollars on R&D with little to show if they can predict the future?
  9. @yiprichie: its 2025! And im here!
  10. @akshaykamathb2788: 1:29 I loved what D'Angelo ( Adam D'Angelo ) had to say, so that lecture, if you weren't here, I'd strongly recommend you go back & see what Adam D'Angelo said coz I could not emphasize his points on metrics more than enough
  11. @cindyshen6425: Reminds me of the Disruptive Innovation theory by Clay Christensen.
  12. @simonseverinoold: Brilliant. I am sharing this with all founders in our accelerator.
  13. @ThePantheonAI: within 5 years i will give a talk at stanford too.
  14. @kelvinjiang1238: Sam Altman was not nearly as famous 7 years ago
  15. @ultronsam1214: Personalized communication is very crucial.
  16. @ultronsam1214: As an early-stage founder currently reading 'Hacking Growth' by Sean Ellis and Morgan Brown, I can relate to what Mr. Alex said about using different retention metrics based on the category you're in. A Saas business retention metric may be different from an E-commerce's.
  17. @ultronsam1214: Talking about ''doing it the scalable way - finding correlation'' - can we refer to that as Cohort Analysis of Users?
  18. @valor-one: Is it just me or he comes off as quite arrogant?
  19. @abdullahmre: At the time now one new what sam is up to 😅
  20. @NaftaliBudamba: Network Effect- User Values
Platforms/market- OS
Product Features- Categories

- Facebook Data Scandal: What It Means for Marketers and Data Privacy [High‑Rise Influence]: Kind: captions Language: en no further and Facebook's role in it Dennis you&nbsp; is the chief technology officer for blitz metrics&nbsp;&nbsp; joining us now on set an industry insider&nbsp; an expert good to have you with us to give&nbsp;&nbsp; some context to all of this let's talk about&nbsp; this situation there are the users us there's&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook the company that we've all opted into&nbsp; and then there's Cambridge analytical that in&nbsp;&nbsp; turn used that data personal data many people&nbsp; are upset about that but here's the question&nbsp;&nbsp; who's to blame here is it a combination of all&nbsp; or what are your thoughts I think it's Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; to blame for not educating the users about what's&nbsp; possible with data because Cambridge analytic it&nbsp;&nbsp; could not have done the massive targeting and&nbsp; the massive psychographic profiling that they&nbsp;&nbsp; claimed to do what they did was they use Facebook&nbsp; in the way that it was intended all the data that&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook has to be able to build profiles things&nbsp; that you and I can do for a dollar a day to be&nbsp;&nbsp; able to push out our messages the stuff about&nbsp; Cambridge using data that was from three or&nbsp;&nbsp; four years ago to upload to Facebook just isn't&nbsp; technically possible so Facebook didn't educate&nbsp;&nbsp; us that that wasn't possible it looks like&nbsp; they're hiding stuff and they're doing this&nbsp;&nbsp; PR cover-up but Facebook's actually been doing&nbsp; the right thing this whole time interesting what&nbsp;&nbsp; about the hash tag delete Facebook women Jordan&nbsp; I've been talking about what do we do what we do&nbsp;&nbsp; not delete is that having an impact I think the&nbsp; Facebook will lose one or two percent of their&nbsp;&nbsp; users and it's gonna be like you know delete&nbsp; uber or it's gonna be like United Airlines&nbsp;&nbsp; every six months something bad happens but are&nbsp; people really stopping using the airline people&nbsp;&nbsp; are still gonna be on Facebook they're gonna&nbsp; get mad but are they really gonna leave their&nbsp;&nbsp; friends are there alright and look there's the&nbsp; push now for more government regulation we even&nbsp;&nbsp; hear from the CEO of Facebook that he seems&nbsp; to be open to it as he told our Laurie Segall&nbsp;&nbsp; listen to this we'll talk about it here on the&nbsp; other side given the stakes here why shouldn't&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook be regulated um I I actually am Not&nbsp; sure we shouldn't be regulated I actually&nbsp;&nbsp; think the question is more what is the right&nbsp; regulation rather than yes or no should it be&nbsp;&nbsp; regulated what's the right regulate on him well&nbsp; there's some some basic things than I think that&nbsp;&nbsp; there are some big intellectual debates on on&nbsp; the the basic side you know there were things&nbsp;&nbsp; like ads transparency regulation that that&nbsp; I would love to see but if you look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; much regulation there is around advertising on&nbsp; TV and print you know just not clear why there&nbsp;&nbsp; should be less on the Internet okay so Dennis&nbsp; when it comes to regulation what would more&nbsp;&nbsp; regulation mean for Facebook can you imagine&nbsp; cigarette labels being on Facebook and Surgeon&nbsp;&nbsp; General warnings about your data may be used in&nbsp; certain ways I don't think that really solves the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem look at what happened with Microsoft and&nbsp; the regulation they had 20 years ago about trying&nbsp;&nbsp; to bust up windows of course Facebook doesn't want&nbsp; to be regulated so that's an impossible question&nbsp;&nbsp; for you know mark can't say oh I don't want to&nbsp; be regulated then it looks like he's you know&nbsp;&nbsp; not all right not being open but at the same time&nbsp; what's he gonna do share his algorithms or share&nbsp;&nbsp; all the data that he has with regulators right&nbsp; with the government so something has to happen&nbsp;&nbsp; something must be done just like gdpr but like&nbsp; he said there's no clear answer hey speaking of&nbsp;&nbsp; algorithms with all this data mining of me I&nbsp; feel like every little fingerprint a digital&nbsp;&nbsp; those are like algorithms swirling around my head&nbsp; I mean is it that bad I mean are they looking and&nbsp;&nbsp; breathing down our necks with everything we do&nbsp; feels like animated estate might know a report&nbsp;&nbsp; how much Amazon has or Visa think about Alexa in&nbsp; your home listening to the commands that you have&nbsp;&nbsp; this Facebook thing is just the beginning of data&nbsp; issues where consumers are willing to trade their&nbsp;&nbsp; privacy for convenience and how do you think&nbsp; Facebook is doing overall owning up to this&nbsp;&nbsp; I think it's a weak apology I think there's a lot&nbsp; more they can do but how else are they didn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; a data breach so they're real clear saying there&nbsp; wasn't a security scandal it was a breach of trust&nbsp;&nbsp; that Mark said so he really needs to educate the&nbsp; population educate the media about what's going&nbsp;&nbsp; on your data the fact that fake news can spread&nbsp; that you know grandma will see that a claim that&nbsp;&nbsp; a celebrity died or if you shared this message&nbsp; that Bill Gates will give you $100 how do you&nbsp;&nbsp; combat that that's the real problem oh one other&nbsp; questions you Dennis so what can people do I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; look so when you opt into these things there are&nbsp; you know things will happen so what can people do&nbsp;&nbsp; to make sure they understand exactly what happens&nbsp; when they post that picture when they share that&nbsp;&nbsp; information it's tough but every time you sign up&nbsp; for a loyalty card or you want to earn the points&nbsp;&nbsp; at Macy's or you know airline things you need to&nbsp; read the fine print because all of us just click services anything understand know who can&nbsp; you trust understand what they're doing&nbsp;&nbsp; with your data do they want your email&nbsp; address do they want your phone number&nbsp;&nbsp; what are they gonna do with that data you&nbsp; want something free but is it really free&nbsp;&nbsp; is the question not really Dennis you thank&nbsp; you so much I will speak with you about it&nbsp;&nbsp; some more next hour okay stick around&nbsp; for dinner thank you well it could be

  Top Comments:
  1. @dylancollins [5 likes]: Your amazing Dennis!!!!! The best mentor in the world!
  2. @MD-fr2zt [5 likes]: Hey dennis nice explanation about people and data in the modern age. I found you thru Social media Examiner video you did. Andrew Young, the former presidential candidate was the only person who brought this up. Facebook should do more. it must.

- the entire meta ads algorithm explained in 21 mins: Kind: captions Language: en Hey guys, Mark here. In this video, I'm going to be explaining how the entire Meta Ads algorithm actually works. A lot of people think that running ads on Facebook is just all random or that if your creative is good enough, then everything else will just magically fall into place. Well, running profitable ads on Facebook is both an art and a science. The art is the creative, but the science is exactly what I'm going to be explaining in this video, how the algorithm actually works. And more specifically than a science, it's actually an equation. And this is the one equation that is actually going to determine how profitable your ads are going to be. Now, before I break down this equation, I need to explain to you the four-step process that Facebook uses to actually show your ads, the one update that broke everybody's ad account, and at the end of this video, I'm going to put in a little something special to explain what this actually all means and how the game really works. All right, so before we get too technical, this is what you have to understand. Facebook basically goes through a four-step process to determine which ad is going to show for any particular user. Every time somebody opens up their phone on Instagram and they scroll and see an ad behind the means there's literally a 200 millisecond window where Facebook is doing all these incredible calculations and machine learning decisions to ultimately decide to put your ad in front of the user or somebody else's. So, in that one 200 millisecond period, there is literally tens of millions of ads that are competing for that one impression. And these are the four steps right here. First, you have retrieval. Second is light ranking. Third is heavy ranking. And the final piece is the auction. So, let me break this down for you. So, first up is retrieval. Retrieval is the most data-intensive portion of this entire process because as I said, there's tens of millions of ads, tens of millions that are competing for one individual spot. The process of retrieval is essentially Facebook going through and ultimately deciding, is the ad right now even remotely relevant to this user? Basically, like is it even in the right ballpark? Now, this is also the portion of the process where Facebook actually analyzes all the aspects of your creative to determine how to narrow down the audience. So, you may have heard this before, but this whole concept of your creative is your targeting. This is where Facebook is analyzing everything about your creative to determine who to show it to. This includes, but is not limited to, your hook, your format, the demographic of the users that are actually on your ad. So, for example, if you're running an ad that is featuring a woman that is 55 years old, Facebook takes note of that and it's going to use that to power the targeting to skew much more towards women and skew much more towards older women specifically. Of course, all taken into context with what the creative is actually saying. It's also looking at your copy, it's looking at your script. If you're running video ads, it's looking at your thumbnail. It's even going and looking at your landing page to determine generally who is this ad trying to target. This is a non-exhaustive list. I'm really simplifying this. Behind the scenes, it's a pretty substantial, literally an algorithm in order to determine which variable is going to correlate to which piece of targeting. And this is probably a good time to mention the Andromeda update. Andromeda what is was an update to the sorting process of the retrieval steps specifically. Mostly just because there was a massive influx of AI creative that was absolutely flooding Facebook to the point where their old model of sifting through all these creatives was not becoming very effective. This is not the only reason for the Andromeda update, but I believe this is one of the biggest ones simply due to the fact that AI has massively increased creative production for all advertisers. And now that's why Facebook is mostly looking at creative to determine targeting, not what you have going on within your ad sets. That's why you've probably seen a decline in audiences that are actually able to sustain high budgets profitably. Like I rarely use audiences like interest, and if I do, they're pretty capped in terms of budget or, you know, lookalikes or even custom audiences. Like I don't set any real [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] targeting when it comes to my retargeting. I don't put any custom audiences in there. I literally just still run completely broad. And most high-skill advertisers that I speak to, they're doing something relatively similar. Maybe one exclusion of purchasers, but like other than that, very, very broad. So, if that was kind of the old way of doing targeting on Facebook, the new way is to do a lot of broad targeting. It's to do a lot of Advantage Plus campaigns, and it's usually within reason, within reason. Giving Facebook control. Like the reason that I say it's within reason is because if you give Facebook all the control, the algorithm is good, don't get me wrong, but holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the amount of suggestions that Facebook gives you that are horrible pieces of advice that are just going to drain your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bank account is obscene. And it's always been this way, too. They're still a company at the end of the day, and you are a customer. You are paying Facebook, so they still want to get your money. I'll save that for later in the video. Now, the second step is going to be light ranking. This step barely deserves a description. It's basically taking the now millions of ads instead of tens of millions, and reducing it down to thousands. There's really not a a whole lot more to say about the light ranking process. Now, the heavy ranking is the next step, which, you guessed it, if it's going from thousands of ads, you're now trying to get to a couple hundred. Now, at this point, this is like your real, legitimate competitors. Like this is the stage where competitors are actually something that you should take into consideration, because you don't have tens of millions of competitors. You just don't. You probably only have a handful, at least in the eyes of Facebook, you only have a handful. There's only 10 million advertisers total on Facebook, which may seem like a massive number, but also think about we are in e-commerce specifically, at least I'm in e-commerce specifically, which immediately narrows it pretty substantially. Now, the really important piece about the heavy ranking step is that this is where that equation actually comes into play. So, I want to take a second to talk about that, because I remember Facebook released this. They have since withdrawn it, but they released this documentation to explain how they actually assign a specific value for every single ad when they are fighting for an impression. And the one that has a higher value, obviously, is going to win the impression and the one with the lower value is going to lose the impression and get served a lower quality impression. All right, so this is the equation I was talking about. This is actually directly from Facebook. Somebody swiped it and it is still on their website, but it's not on Facebook. But this is how it's actually working underneath the hood, all right? So the total value, this is what you want to aim on maximizing, is equal to this piece first of maximizing advertiser value plus maximizing consumer value and consumer experience. So the piece to maximize your advertise value, number one is going to be your bid, which we'll get to in a second, times your estimated action rate. Since 99% of us and 99% of people watching this video are running conversion campaigns, that essentially means what is the estimated action rate to get a conversion. And if you look down here, you can see they actually break it down specifically for a conversion optimized ad, which is the estimated click-through rate times the estimated click-to-conversion rate. So the way to get gamify this, of course, is you want to have really high CTR. Historically, Facebook just loves ads that have really high CTR, and the reason why is because that is the the most pure indication of how relevant that one particular ad is to the user. So Facebook is going to reward you typically over time and as you spend more with lower cost to advertise, lower CPMs, and ideally higher quality traffic, too. So this is kind of like the first piece of that. The second piece is going to be you want to have a high, they call it like click-to-conversion. It's basically just your conversion rate, which is out of all the clicks that you had, how many actually purchased. And again, if you're running a e-commerce business, this is going to be like a legitimate purchase because that's typically what you're optimizing for. But if you're in, you know, the info industry, for example, you're optimizing for calls, what is the ratio between clicks to calls that you're getting or clicks to applications or insert your conversion here, it doesn't really matter. Facebook views a lot of this largely the same, at least in the context of this equation. So the way I like to think about this is the estimated click-through rate, I think it's actually more than the click-through rate. I think it's a culmination of all your soft metrics. So, that is your CTR, but that's also your CPC, your CPMs, your hook rate, your hold rate, cost per 3-second video view, like all these metrics that are associated with getting somebody engaged and getting them to click. And then the second half of this is how good are you at monetizing that click, taking that click through your funnel, and turning somebody who's a prospect into a buyer. Pretty straightforward. And this last piece is basically Facebook trying to save their own ass from advertisers that are incredibly aggressive and cause a terrible user experience for the users. Because if this piece just did not exist and we didn't care about the user experience whatsoever, advertisers would just flood the platform and completely just destroy Facebook as a platform because you just have [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loads of scammers, not like there isn't scammers on Facebook anyways, but there would be way more. Like it would be like 50/50 instead of 80/20, which is roughly what it is right now. So, this is Facebook saying, "Hey, I want you to have the most relevant ads to the user, which is CTR, all the soft metrics, and I want you to actually get conversions for all the clicks that you're getting, which is the conversion rate, and I don't want you to piss off all of our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] users in the process." And that's the last piece. All right, so we took it from thousands of ads and now we're down to a few hundred. In fact, sometimes it could be even less than a few hundred. But now we have the final step in the process, which is going to be the auction. And the auction is exactly what it sounds like. It's all the advertisers that are left competing for that one impression and basically who can have the highest bid, of course with all the context of that equation that I said previously, that's going to be the one that wins the impression. So, majority of people watching this video right now are probably running what's called, you know, lowest cost bidding or also known as like auto bidding, which Facebook is just doing all the bidding for you, trying to get you conversions for the lowest cost possible. This is, like I said, auto bidding. You can also do manual bidding, which can come in a few different ways. Manual bidding, you can do something called cost caps, which is where you set a cap on the maximum amount that you're willing to pay to acquire a customer. You can also do bid caps, which is similar, except it's the maximum amount that you want to bid to acquire a customer. And there's some other stuff that Facebook is always releasing as well to help you optimize, you know, maximum value, target ROAS, stuff like that. But I'll tell you this, there's a lot of people that are really obsessing about cost caps or bid caps or whatever the hot, you know, manual bidding method is at the time. I can tell you for a fact, I have seen ad accounts, I have ran ad accounts that are spending multiple five figures per day. I have seen one spending six figures per day, all on lowest cost, and they're good ad accounts. They are profitable. Other people literally only run bid caps. You can see both sides of the spectrum, but the point is you should choose what is actually going to solve the constraint in your business for you. Because I talk to people all the time, they're like, "All right, in order to get from like 1K a day to 10K per day, I just got like media buy my way there." And like there's a little bit you can do, don't get me wrong. I'm not the guy that's saying like media buying is dead. I'm defending media buying. At the same time, you have to think like an entrepreneur, not like a media buyer. And just to show this entire process visually, all right, this is how Facebook actually picks ads in under 200 milliseconds. So this is the first step, tens of millions of ads competing for one impression. After that, we go through the light ranking, right? Now you can see there's substantially less, say like roughly 5,000. Next step, there's just a few hundred. Now we're going to go into heavy ranking, which is boom, now we're on the final step, which is actually competing who's going to have the highest bid. There's very few advertisers left at this step, until finally your ad is actually served. You have the highest bid, you win the impression. So again, retrieval, light ranking, heavy ranking, and the auction as the final step there. Okay, so now you know how this filtering process works, how does that actually affect your ability to create winning ads consistently and more importantly predictably churn out winners into your ad account. So there's a few other things that aren't part of that four-step ranking process that are still really important to understand so that you can have the most profitable ads as possible. All right, first I want to talk for a second about the learning phase, okay? So, the learning phase, according to Facebook themselves, is basically a phase that your ads go through, your ad sets go through, your campaigns go through, but especially at the ad level to acquire conversions so that it can learn about your customer and then you kind of exit the learning phase and go into like mature phase where you're getting more predictable consistent results. Here's my beef with this whole [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] term. Like that's the theory. Let me tell you the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] reality. Your ads are always learning. They never stop learning. There's not a learning phase and then they get out of learning phase and they're just going to be good forever. Everything dies at some point. It's just the circle of ads. So, if you are obsessing over the learning phase, just stop. Of course, the ads initially are going to be a little bit more volatile, a little bit more bumpy, and sometimes you see improvements over time with more consistency, but sometimes you don't. Sometimes the solution is literally just to make better ads. So, spending too much time on the learning phase is not super smart. The main thing I want to say here is like if you're not spending a lot of money on ads, maybe you're spending, you know, 50 bucks a day, a few hundred bucks per day, even up to like a thousand dollars per day, I think that's kind of like the barrier. If you see your results being like up and down, like it literally looks like a freaking sine wave, that is normal, okay? That's 100% normal. That's how the game works. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I experience inconsistencies. I spend way beyond 1K per day. And most advertisers do. Facebook is an emotional ass platform, man. It's a bunch of emotional human beings like you and me. Do you really expect it to be the most consistent thing on the world? If you want super duper consistent results, like go advertise on Google >> [laughter] >> and uh you know, enjoy your time, all right? Google's cool. It's got its own issues, but with Facebook inconsistencies is part of the game, but especially at lower levels of spend, you'll see people just bitching about, "Oh, I was at 3X ROAS and now I'm not profitable." I'm was "Well, how much do you spend?" He's like, "A hundred bucks." I'm like, "Come on. What what are we doing here? Like, what do you What do you expect?" So, the solution there is to, when in doubt, zoom out. Look at larger time frames with larger amounts of data, and you'll see what's really happening. Instead of being like, "Oh, today was good really good. Next day was really bad." I don't care. Look at 7 days. Look at the most amount of ad spend that you can, and that's when you'll make the best decisions, and not these emotional decisions where you're just going with the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] flow of Facebook taking you for a ride. Nobody wants that. All right, next I want to talk about signal quality and your EMQ and Conversions API. So, Facebook performance is often times dependent on the data that you're sending back to the ad account and back to the Facebook servers so that it can learn about your customers and reduce your cost to advertise long-term, hopefully. And with that, that means that you have to be sure that you're sending the best quality data you possibly can to Facebook because the better quality data that you send them, often times, they're going to be able to learn more about your customers and send you better customers in the future, make your ads more efficient long-term. So, you can go into your Events Manager and go to the purchase event specifically, and you'll see something called the EMQ, which is your event match quality, and it'll be on a scale of 1 to 10. I'm not saying it's a direct correlation like 10 out of 10 is super profitable ads, like five out of 10 you're going to be dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I actually think this whole concept is overrated, but I think generally speaking, it's a good thing to try to send good data to Facebook. And you can do that through Conversions API, which is simply sending your data back server-side and not only on the browser. For those that have been advertising for long enough, you know this became a big deal around iOS 14, which was launched in 2020, but it actually went into effect, I think, early 2021, and everybody's ads just kind of went to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because I don't look at any conversions after the click. Like, I don't look at my CPA on Facebook at all. I always use third-party attribution tools, you know, whether that's Triple Whale, whether that's Hyros. There's so many of these out there. Like, you can build one custom now. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you could vibe code one probably in a few hours and have your own solution that you don't have to pay for at all. The issue is, because of what the update that iOS launched, all the users can now opt out of tracking from Facebook. So, everything becomes really inaccurate. Now, if you're able to use like conversions API, any server-side tracking, you can improve your EMQ and get better data into the Facebook servers to help you optimize with your ad account your ads a lot better than you are right now. So, to summarize this point, try to send Facebook good data. And also, take all the conversion data with a grain of salt. Okay, let's go. Now, the third thing here is going to be the whole concept of creative diversity. So, because of Andromeda, there was this really weird narrative where people are basically saying, "Oh, there's kind of like two types of ads that you can test." You know, you can test something completely new, we'll just call that like a new concept and that new concept, or you can test, you know, a variation. You can only do one of the two, which it's really not that simple, but let's just say for these purposes, this is what it is. And people like, "All right, all you need to do to survive Andromeda is just like pump out more new concepts and do less variations." No, variations are still highly highly effective. What Andromeda did is let's say like this is within an ad set and we're looking at the ad level, and each one of these is a new ad, right? You have ad one, two, three, and four. So, every time I launch creatives, I'm actually launching variations. So, this entire ad set, per se, will be one net new concept, but ad number two, ad number three, and ad number four will all be variations of that original net new concept. So, it's not necessarily variations of the winner. Like it's difficult to get a variation of like your top ad in an ad account to outperform the top ad. It'll do decent. It's typically not going to outperform, at least in my experience. But, variations are still highly effective because you're basically getting more at-bats at the concept level. Technically, you're testing a new concept, but you can test one concept with three different hooks, and it turns out that this variation actually ends up being the winner, and this original like net new concept is actually the loser. But, if you said variations are stupid and they don't make any sense, then you never would have figured that out, and you would have just concluded that this net new concept was a loser. When in reality, you're a loser >> for believing that. I swear I could rant on all this stuff for so much longer. I'm trying to stay focused here. Let me distill all this technical crap into something that you can actually take away. Because basically what we just did is we went through all the super autistic scientific mathematical explanations of how the Facebook ads algorithm actually works, but let's take our [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hat off for a second and think like a Chad, okay? Three things you should take away. All right, number one, your creative is the targeting. Stop trying to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around so much with the ad sets targeting, custom audiences, lookalikes. That can be a little experimentation sandbox, but for the most part, run broad. The creative is the targeting. Number two, make good creatives that thought people from their doom scroll. Of course, easier said than done, and that's not even what this video is about, but if you just have damn good creatives, like that's literally half of the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] formula. It's just having that high CTR, high soft metrics, of course, excluding the conversions. Like that's half the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] battle right there. And then third is going to be don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up the user experience. Now, I have a portion of this video that I intentionally left for the end of this video for people that are genuinely serious about figuring out how Facebook works. And all this stuff that I've said so far is what we'll call, you know, by the books. A lot of it is in, you know, Facebook's own documentation or documentation that they had years ago and they have since removed, but let me tell you how the game really works. Facebook is a for-profit [snorts] company based in America. Facebook is a massive, massive company. We can assume they probably don't do everything by the books. So, what I'm really leading to here is Facebook doesn't play by the rules. I could go down the list of what this actually means, but at the end of the day, as I said, Facebook is a for-profit company. And like most companies, they are trying to get the most amount of money from the largest advertisers, and then all the smaller ones that cause like 99% of their headaches, they're not going to treat them super duper well. So, a lot of you have probably launched ad accounts and got them disabled, have ads rejected, have ad accounts banned, have business managers banned. Maybe you've had profiles banned, but you have to understand that Facebook is a company, and they're a company that is public. And what happens when you run a public company is you have to answer to your shareholders, which means depending on how the earnings reports come out regarding Facebook, Facebook is either going to constrict their guidelines, their restrictions, and this is where you see ban waves come through, which is where everybody's just getting their ad account banned, everybody's dealing with business manager bans, page bans, and then a month later it's like totally fine. That's all due mostly to earnings reports that are coming out directly from Facebook. So, depending on how those look, they will either be way more laid back, way more chill, or super duper strict. That's why saying, "Oh, you can't run like this type of format of ad on Facebook." One person runs it, gets approved. Another person runs an identical creative and gets it rejected. Why is that? Well, Facebook don't play about their rules, all right? So, what do you do about this? I mean, I'm not going to get too much into specifics because I don't know if I can. I think the main thing anyone can take away from this is just question everything. Like, when I was talking about the CAPI and the signal quality and the EMQ score, technically speaking, like it makes sense logically, theoretically, if you're able to get higher quality data back to Facebook, they should be able to optimize better. However, I haven't seen a direct correlation between that. I have had really, really good server-side setups to where my EMQ was like 9.8, 9.9. The little thing on my freaking ad account was like, matter of fact, I'll show you. I'm literally at a zero >> at a zero opportunity score, and this ad account is incredibly profitable. So, all the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] from Facebook, they're still wanting to get money from you. So, just because they say something or it's in their documentation or like their CEO, CMO, head of advertising is like, "This is what advertisers should do." [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it. Think for yourself, question everything. And I want to take a moment of silence for everyone that listened to all the Facebook suggestions at the ad level that said they would lower your cost per result by 11% and then their ads went to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] RIP. Don't listen to Facebook. Other than that, guys, I hope you enjoyed. Thank you so much for watching this video. See you on the next one. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @markbuildsbrands [7 likes]: Apply for my mentorship Brand Builders Academy: https://www.ecommercescalingsecrets.com/bba-direct-app-yt?el=mark_bba_aiadsalgo_ytd&htrafficsource=youtube_description&traffic_source=youtube_organic
  2. @jasonsin8288 [5 likes]: bro is so big he cant find any shirt that fits him. respect
  3. @aaroncooper531 [2 likes]: Thank you fucking love it dude.

I’m trying to start a social content + ads agency going hard on home businesses because it just makes the most sense as a target. Glad you pointed out it’s the actual fucking creative that’s going to stop the damn viewer and if it stops them the algorithm is happy. Fucking duhhh.
  4. @AEZAKMI888 [1 likes]: Basic Media Buying knowledge yet still very helpful!
  5. @Mauzifyz [1 likes]: Thank you Jacked Magnus Carlsen, I really really needed to hear this 21 minute video.
  6. @malaescuadrian: Thank you Magnus, helped alot
  7. @normanheurtematte: Why all of his vidéo are fucking amazing masterclass ? This is gold for brands and entreprenor who are hungry and like learn
  8. @Callum-x9w: great video
  9. @Nyambayar-h3i: Are you A.i.
  10. @ahmedmaruf668: love  this video. subscribed
  11. @Ishaan_Gaur: 🫠🫠🫠
  12. @robtobrb: Hm very interesting
  13. @TheRolland: Amazing channel Mark 🔥🔥 Thx for the practical knowledge
  14. @successhack0: Hey Mark need help asap. I am running a product in fb ads. Cpc are almost 6-8$. Cpm 250+. 50$ budget a day. Just getting 10-11 clicks on that budget. But i am getting sale every day in that 11$ how to lower cpc and cpm??
  15. @ryanonggg: This video is great especially the point on server-side tracking -- not a plug but I work for Elevar and this is EXACTLY what we see when brands turn on SST to send more quality data into their meta pixel
  16. @simonaivanova8180: Are you AI ?  🤔
  17. @Romas-Ecom: 13:06 caught my attention here lol
  18. @shopadonisking: This is a great video!
  19. @mohaland: Art > science
  20. @JaguarLoco: Hey Meta, Ads here

- Meta Ads Insider Exposes How The Algorithm ACTUALLY Works: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda, Gem, and Lattice were the biggest Facebook algorithm changes that I have ever seen. Today, I sat down for the last 25 minutes with a Meta executive who was responsible for these massive algorithm changes. So, in this video and interview, I was able to ask my most personal questions on how the algorithm has changed, how we should be thinking about it from Meta's perspective, not just what's in their white papers, not just what they tell us publicly, but a true behind-the-scenes understanding of the internal people who have actually built the algorithm themselves. Matt Steiner, welcome in. How are you? >> I'm doing well, thank you. Great to be here. I appreciate you having me on the show. >> There's a lot of questions that I want to ask you today. You have a pretty major role on the Meta side of things and specifically in the realm of known things like Andromeda and the algorithm in general, which has a million questions. I could have asked so much to you today, but what I really wanted to focus on was a group of questions that I think are going to be most impactful to selfishly some of the brands that I work with and also ideally a lot of people that are watching this right now. There's a lot of confusion on the algorithm. There's a lot of confusion on what goes on. Can you just tell the world what you've done on your side on the Meta end, what you do, what you're responsible for, cuz I think people being able to hear the answers from the source is is very rare and in your case going to be pretty unique. >> Great. Yeah, thanks. Happy to. So, my name is Matt Steiner and I support monetization infrastructure, ranking, and foundational AI at Meta. This is effectively the set of systems that are retrieving which ads can be ranked for a person that shows up and then ranking those ads, trying to pick the best ad that will both maximize the value for advertising partners as well as deliver the best experience for the people who are seeing the ad, really trying to match people to their interests and products and services that they will love. >> Which is a good segue to say this is what people have known to be this is Andromeda, right? In a way. So, I want to actually ask you that question. What is Andromeda? Why was it built? And how is it impacting advertisers so far from what you've seen? >> Yeah, it's a great question. So, when you think about ranking for advertising, the first step is to select the ads that are candidates to be shown for the person who's appeared on a meta property and there's an ad slot to fill. That is where Andromeda comes in. Andromeda is our retrieval system that's been co-designed, the hardware, the software, and the machine learning model to optimize performance for retrieval and specifically personalized retrieval. With the rise of generative AI tooling, advertisers have created a lot more creatives, whether that's creative backgrounds or creative copy and mixing them all together in large number of variations. That kind of Cambrian explosion of creatives made that retrieval problem much more difficult for our advertising system. There were just so many more ads to consider when determining which ones to rank. So, we built Andromeda, which is a much more capable hardware system powered by Nvidia GPUs on a custom hardware skew, plus a machine learning model that is tailored to work really well on that hardware system, and the hardware system was selected to work really well with the model. So, we can maximize the performance in personalizing which ads to show for you. Cuz if you think about ad retrieval, a bunch of advertisers are going to try to target me with an ad, but not every advertiser that tries to target me with an ad has a product that I'm interested in. My interests are a subset of the advertisers who've targeted me with their products. And so, Andromeda is really the sophisticated hardware and machine learning model that selects of the advertisers who've targeted products at me, which ones am I most likely to be interested in. And then those progress further to the ranking stage, which is where you hear about our investments in the generative ads ranking model gem and the adaptive ranking model which we just started discussing a couple weeks ago. >> Yeah, cool. I want to hear a bit more about gem as well, but I have a question on on the Andromeda side or maybe even like a summation of things as keeping it as simple as possible, right? Like people started making more ads, a lot more ads, right? People went down the route of essentially saying, "Hey, we have something that works. Let's go make 20 versions of it." Not old school. I remember the days you'd have one ad and you'd just smash it. You'd spend as much money as possible against it. And I think that that shifted naturally. There's reasons for that, right? We see less fatigue on on ads when we do that and we see more scale when we actually have more variations of ads. I think there's a misconception. I know you're not totally tuned in on the creative side of but I do think there is a misconception that now in this Andromeda era that building iterations and and building versions of good ads doesn't work. And what I hear from what you've just said, which is perfectly described of you know, what I've read and and understood is that it's not about you can't build variations, it's just that they're going to literally be retrieved and perceived by the meta algorithm in a different way. >> That's a good description. I think the way the Andromeda system would look at this is if you create 25 versions of an ad, maybe only three of those would be appealing to me potentially and a bunch of them may not be appealing to me because of the types of content that I look at, because of the backgrounds that it appears on, whether the color matches, the specific context that the ad appears in. So, a particular subset of those is going to be relevant to me. Not all of the creatives that you've created variations for may be relevant to me. And Andromeda is going to retrieve the ones that are most likely to perform for me. And some of the ones that will perform for me may not perform for you and some of the ones that perform for you may not perform for me. Um so, as a result, Andromeda is selecting the most likely candidates. It's good to have a reasonable candidate set of ads creatives for Andromeda to consider across your various audiences. at the same time. Creating a an extremely large number of them probably isn't going to help you more than having a reasonable diversity of ads. >> That is the part that I'm so happy you just mentioned, right? Like creative diversity doesn't mean that you have like all these like crazy different ads all over the place. Some that are, you know, built for for one avatar and some built for a totally different avatar that has nothing to do with your brand. And I think people get that so confused these days. And what you just described is like, "Hey, you could build more. You should probably build more." I won't put words in your mouth on that, but from my perspective, you should probably continue to build more diverse ads or clusters of diverse ads. And even if you build 20 and three get run, three get delivery, that's almost to be expected here because a lot of the work that would have been done by spending is now potentially saved and done by the loads of computer rooms >> [laughter] >> that Meta probably has somewhere that's doing a lot of that processing up front, right? >> Yeah, yeah, that's exactly right. The machine learning models, they're very good at figuring out what works and what doesn't work and optimizing for what is working, right? So, they'll attempt delivery on all the variations of the creative, then they'll figure out which ones are working best, and they'll start moving the advertising dollars to the ones that perform best for you. And that doesn't necessarily mean that the other creatives were bad. It's just that they were lower performant, and as a result, you probably don't want your dollars spent on those lower performing creatives. The machine is doing the optimization, and it's doing the optimization based on real-world performance data. And that's what really the machine learning models are best at, and that's why we have all of these large and powerful computers that were very fairly expensive sitting in those server rooms. >> I'm sure. How does Gem and and Lattice, which are two other products or or whatever we call them, services, products that that Meta has developed over really 2025 and into 26, how are they playing in this Andromeda era? >> That's a great question. So, uh Lattice is effectively our model consolidation technology. Previously, you would have a variation of a machine learning model that was extremely specific. This model is predicting clicks on Facebook. This model is predicting clicks on Instagram. This model is predicting conversions on Facebook. This model is predicting conversions on Instagram. It turns out that if you take all of those machine learning models and you collapse them into one model all of the training data that used to go into those four models into the one model, the performance of the one model is better than the performance of each of the individual models because that larger model is able to learn from more data, more of your interests, more of your interactions with businesses, products, services, et cetera. And that just improves the performance for the advertiser as well as the experience for the person who is seeing an ad. You're going to see a more relevant ad because we consolidated these models and the training data used on these models to drive better outcomes for advertisers. So, that's Lattice. Gem is a quite a bit further expression of that where we're creating this large generative recommendation model that is really our foundation model that all of our other models kind of learn from in that kind of second stage ranking environment. And then we try to take that super large foundation model, the generative ads recommendation model, and we build a LLM scale and complexity inference model out of that foundation model and that's what we started calling the adaptive ranking model where some number of people interact with brands and content a lot, have a lot of interest, they interact a lot on the platform, they purchase more than other folks, they have longer sequences of interactions, we can learn more from about them and make better recommendations for them from their more more interactions on the platform. Other folks, they don't interact as much as brands, they don't purchase as much. They have shorter interaction sequences, interaction histories. So we don't need to use as much compute in recommending an ad for them because there's just not as much input data. And so adaptive ranking model allows us to dramatically scale up on the kind of power user segment and produce substantial improvements in performance for those users who are engaging a lot with brands and content etc. >> Woah, okay. Super good explanation. I've not heard that explained. So I need things sometimes in the simple version and and Matt that was the simple version of something that's extremely complex and I really do appreciate it cuz that to me is like simply put that is tying together the mass adjustments that Andromeda as this this era that we're in. It's kind of like I don't want to say like the sidekicks but like they don't they all work together. They they have to work together. Which is really cool. I want to ask you a question around what my audience has observed, what we've observed on a lot of the brands that we work with for context, right? We work with around 100 brands right now. We're spending millions of dollars every month across the meta suite. And then we also have a lot of folks that watch in different modes that essentially like absorb a lot of what's going on and they see they're feeling it and not necessarily spending hundreds of thousands of dollars a month, maybe spending a couple thousand dollars, 5,000 or whatever. So something I've heard more is that brands are reporting increased delivery volatility. So just overall volatility of ads. Big shifts in in where the spend goes. Sometimes where they feel like campaigns are destabilizing especially without obvious triggers. Like they're not seeing like hey I changed something on site that day. They can't figure out what changed in that period of time. So my question is this known? Is this the trade-off that we just have to take for faster optimization cycles where volatility is actually the feature potentially and not the bug. >> Yeah, this is really great question, and we have heard the same question from a number of our advertising partners, as well. And it's really important one that goes to how the auction actually works. So, because we are running a very large number of auctions in real time every second, and you have a very large number of bidders who are bidding every second, the more advertisers on the platform, and the more frequently they change their bid prices or bid volume, the more changes that everyone sees in the auction dynamics that play out in the marketplace. It's like the stock market. There are a bunch of different tickers, a bunch of people, retail investors, institutional investors, they're bidding up the prices of the stocks or down the prices of the stocks in real time as they think those stocks are more or less valuable to those investors. The same effect is playing out in the advertising auction. There are a bunch of people, and maybe some information comes in that this customer is much more likely to be interested in the product or service you're offering, maybe you increase your bid because they would purchase from you if they saw your ad. Or maybe some new information comes in, and they just bought a refrigerator, they're unlikely to buy a new refrigerator soon, and that customer is no longer as valuable to you, and you change your bid. So, as better information propagates throughout the ecosystem, more advertisers are changing their bids more frequently based on what they learn about customers and their desires. So, those bid changes at volume create the volatility that people experience on their campaigns cuz it's a dynamic marketplace that is optimized for delivering the best price for each advertiser. And so, as you change your bid, different people and conversions will appear to you, not just because of the changes that you've made, but because of the changes that everybody else is making in response. Uh so, volatility and uh associated price optimization are the opposite end of the spectrum of low volatility and higher prices. So, you kind of have to decide which matters more to you, lowest prices or um low volatility, cuz they're on opposite ends of the spectrum. >> Uh which is like essentially the more you're spending and the more conversions you're driving, the less overall volatility you will have because in a very simple term, the algorithm will be more confident in the decisions that it's putting in front of you. And then one or two or 100 people or 1,000 people that may have been considered to purchase that drop out of your funnel because there's a signal like they bought that refrigerator, that's not impacting your total funnel. When you're spending less or when your average order values or cost per acquisitions are significantly higher, you then therefore have to just accept that you have to deal with volatility because the algorithm isn't just going to endlessly keep spending on people who are no longer actually a part of your your true purchase funnel anymore. >> Yep. Yep. Yep. Um as we are now again in this like Andromeda era that everybody talks about and we see people get more comfortable with how advertising is supposed to work and basically how to treat the algorithm now. I would love to understand a bit more on Meta's long-term vision of the advertiser's role. Is there, you know, an end state where we just hey, here's my 10 creatives, here's my 100 creatives, go rip it, Meta. Like what do we do? I'd love to understand just like POV on that. And I know there's no perfect vision, but an idea would be nice. >> Yeah, I mean it's a great question. I think if you look at the trends of the industry, the machine learning models and the computers, they're just getting better at what computers do. They compute things. They compute things quickly. They can make uh dynamic decisions based on really good data really quickly. And I think we're entering an area era where humans are never going to outperform the machines at that type of work again. Humans are never going to out optimize the machine. They're never going to move the budget as quickly, as responsively to price changes up or down uh kind of based on the conditions of the auction market on Meta or really anywhere else, right? But what are humans really great at? Humans are great at coming up with novel ideas to test new messages for your brand, new messages for a particular audience, and then looking at the performance data and reasoning about why did this message work with this audience, and why did this message not work with this audience. The computers are not going to be able to reason about that with human-level intuition. So, humans are really great with coming up with the ideas, and they're really great at connecting the performance ideas with hypotheses about why a particular message worked for an audience, resonated with that audience, drove conversions with the audience, and why a particular message may not have. And then, once you have some hypotheses from looking at the real-world performance data, you can create variations on your message, on your audience, and try again. Right? So, really this is a long-term human and machine partnership where the humans are doing the ideating about the initial messaging, and then reasoning about the performance data with human intuition and insights, and then starting the process over again. While the machine handles all of the computational optimization that they're so good at. >> I'm going to start using computational optimization in my my daily language. Can we expect massive changes like this, um, or do we generally feel like, "Hey, this this big new era that we're in in the algorithm, this is here to stay." I know some brands feel like they don't have enough time to actually adjust before the next big thing actually rolls around. >> This is a really interesting question, and and I think if you look at the broader trends in the computing industry, algorithmic advances are moving faster than ever before. >> Yep. >> The pace of AI innovation is absolutely astoundingly rapid. New papers are coming out literally every day about breakthroughs in specific components of artificial intelligence and machine learning models, and how that drives performance in real-world applications. We, of course, are focused on delivering the best results for our customers and the best, uh, kind of experiences for people that see the ads. And so, we're trying to incorporate as many of these technological breakthroughs as we can, as quickly as we can, because that produces better results for our customers. So, I think it's safe to say that the pace of innovation will continue to increase, will continue to drive as much innovation as possible into real-world performance benefits for advertising partners and for people that see ads. And that's going to come with an associated need for advertisers to understand what the opportunities are with these new algorithmic advances and system changes and how to really take advantage of those to get the best return on your advertising spend and the results for your business. I wish I had some better news that things will slow down, but I don't think they will. I think they'll continue to accelerate and hopefully that produces massively better results for your businesses, but it will come with a cost of needing to keep up with all of the changes that are happening in the world. >> Yeah, um probably good news for me because I'll try to keep updated on everything and keep folks updated on on everything. Um but it is challenging, right? There's no doubt about that. And I think just like a reminder to everyone watching this is that from my perspective, I I won't speak for you, Matt, but from my perspective, all advertising platforms, Meta, and anywhere else you're advertising, the objective is quite simple, I think. I think Meta's job is to get you to want to spend as much money as possible. And that want is the keyword. You want to spend as much money as possible when you're getting the business result as closely as possible to your target or exceeding, right? So, any change, like I would be stunned if Meta ever made an algorithmic change or a major sweeping change just because it feels good or to try to move things forward. Like everything is rigorously tested. Everything is meant to literally put more dollars or confirm more objectives for whatever the advertisers are trying to do, right? So, >> Yeah, that's exactly right. Every change is AB tested and we only launch things that move our our metrics in a positive direction. >> Mhm. >> Cool. Matt, thank you very much for a rapid-fire of five or six questions here. I do appreciate what you do. I'm loving the Andromeda era right now. I'll admit it was a little tough to get used to a few things on some smaller brands that we work with, but um you know, for those that that we've battled through, it's it's nice now. We we have what I think and what many advertisers out there have experienced now are more comfortable in in what's working and how to approach things. So, yeah, keep rocking on. Thanks for helping us make more money. >> Great. Thanks thanks for your time. Great chatting with you, Sam, and have a great day. >> Thanks, Matt.

  Top Comments:
  1. @realbrain8979 [4 likes]: I was not expecting this type of content on your channel, thank you Matt it was awesome.

I just wish that you asked the impact of account structure and how the system can retrieve the best ads if we have multiple campaigns, or does it look overall?

My only issue with Meta is that they release new algorithms but there’s no guidebook on account structure and we need to follow so many agency owners to learn what to do: and of course everyone has a different idea.
  2. @peterledniczky [3 likes]: nah, since they are doing this its way worse, than before.
  3. @stephensunderlin [2 likes]: This is the one of best public explanations I'm seen on Meta's modern ad retrieval and ranking architecture from someone directly involved in building it.
  4. @iqrarkhan7620 [1 likes]: Please continue this type of videos
  5. @lashajakeli [1 likes]: I'm running ads in Georgian language for my business and I'm wondering if Andromeda understands what my ads are about without manual targeting? I started including entire copy in primary text hoping it will translate it and understand who it's for, but still a mystery. Thanks for the video!
  6. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: It is extremely volatile now and nothing is making sense. The ads start performing at a ROAS of 8-9X and suddenly burn through the budget one day all of a sudden. The advice on the internet is all over the place and AI like claude and ChatGPT tells something else entirely.
  7. @jamie40715 [1 likes]: The comment about ads now being better at shifting budgets to winners etc annoys me. I’ve been a media buyer for 10+ years and ever since Andromeda the way the model decides to spend and what a winner is… is bonkers. We’ll test a creative set, find a stable couple of creatives with a good ROI, and then randomly a day later it just diverts the entire budget to a loser and there’s no ROI. It’s like if you’re winning a race, and on the final lap you just stop driving and everyone overtakes you. That’s how I imagine andromeda at times. 

Also… it’s better at knowing if the customer has purchased? Is he mad? Ever since the andromeda roll out we physically get comments on ads of customers asking ‘why am I seeing this brand more just after I ordered’ - and no excluding purchasers doesn’t make a difference.

The worst part is the calls my clients get from meta support saying they should turn this ad back on (a loser) and just in general poisoning the well with downright bad advice designed to increase meta adspend and deliver 0 value to the customer.
I’m sorry but Andromeda has helped for sure, but at the moment it’s completely all over the place. It’s not more stable at all. It’s a lab of mad AI obsessed scientists doing crazy experiments with no real benefit or positive outcome… but dont worry… it’s the future and itll be great soon!
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l168
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l168
  9. @Aaron-uu9pt: This so-called Andromeda sucks big time

- How Meta Ads Algorithm Actually Works (2025): Kind: captions Language: en A little bit of theory today. You ready? So, in this video, we're going to talk about how meta ads optimize. It's so important for you to understand this concept. That way, you can really understand when you should keep an ad, when you should close an ad, if things are going to work out or not with a particular ad campaign, ad set, or creative. This mental model or this explanation took my meta ad skills to a completely new level, and it's pretty easy to understand. So, I think once you get it, it's going to like open your mind to how this system really works. So, without further ado, let's get into it. So, how do Meta ads truly optimize? All right, so let's say that you just publish an ad, right? You just hit publish. What happens? So, first, Meta is going to look at your ad account data, right? all the conversions that have gone on in your ad account. And it's going to look at your ad set settings. That those two factors combined dictate the big pool of people that your ad is going to get put in front of. Right now, your ad goes out into the world. It's going to start to get comments and likes. That's engagement data. Right? Meta is going to take that as a signal and start to show it to more people like them. Okay? then somebody is going to make that first purchase or you're going to get your first lead if you're doing lead genen. Well, that person is extremely important because it's going to optimize off of their profile, right? So, let's say that that first person is your ideal client or your ideal customer. Well, lucky for you, it's going to start to find more and more ideal customers for you. So, the first person finds the second person. The first and second people find the third. The first, second, and third find the fourth, and so on like a chain. It just continues to find more people. And if you think about it, if we're talking about this big pool of people that we were initially targeting, well, now it starts to create this little pocket of people based on the randomness of the initial results. Now, what happens if that first person or the first few people are just random one-off purchases or, you know, maybe they're just not the ideal customer? Well, guess what? Your ads are going to start to be shown to more and more people like them. So, that's a problem because your ad's going to look like it's doing good at first. You're going to get that first pop and then it's going to start to do worse and worse. So, that is going to create another little pocket of people, right? And this one is is no good, right? So a few things that you have to understand here is whenever you publish an ad, there is a randomness to it. We don't know who is going to be that first sign up. So that person is really important and it's going to basically dictate how well or poorly your ads are going to optimize. So you need to keep an eye out for that. Next, you also need to know that these hot pockets or these uh pockets of people are formed at the ad level. Okay, so what does that mean? Every ad basically goes off on its own journey based on the randomness of the initial results. We don't know who's going to engage or buy from your ad. So depending on who that is, it's going to go and find similar people to them and create little pockets, right? And if you find a hot pocket, you find something that's working really, really well. I used to call it like hitting the vein. Uh because it felt like back when I was doing affiliate marketing, I would launch the same ad over and over and over and over, the same winning ad, and sometimes it would absolutely smash it. It would just do amazing. And then I would launch the same ad the next day or a week later and it would do terrible. And then I would launch it again a week after that and it would work again. It was like I couldn't make sense of it. But now that I understand this concept of pockets based on the initial people that it optimizes off of, it makes so much more sense. And so the last little piece that you need to understand is when you launch a new ad campaign or a new ad set, meta is going to give you lowhanging fruit conversions at the beginning. So what does that mean? The algorithm typically starts with a little bit of retargeting. So it's going to show it to people that are very likely to convert for two reasons. Number one, it wants to give you that dopamine hit and keep you advertising, keep taking your money. But number two, more importantly, is you're going to get that conversion data. you're going to get that first sale and you need that to then uh find the second, the third, and the fourth and so on. So, you know, if something doesn't work on Monday and you launch it again on Wednesday, it could work. And so, this may kind of blow your mind, but it's true. I know it for a fact. And from years of experience at this point, it's it's very obvious. And, you know, we have techniques to kind of exploit this, which I'll talk to you about in another video. It's called the crazy method. It's my mentor Constantinos. This is a method that he created to take advantage of this theory. So, more on that in a future video. That's all I wanted to share with you today about the theory how meta ads optimize. I hope that was eye opening for you. I hope that it allows you to think a little bit differently about your ads. Now, just a little rule of thumb, okay? Like if you see, let's say you're an e-commerce brand owner and your average AOV is 50 for example, and you get your first order on a brand new campaign and it's a very tiny order. It's like 10 bucks. Well, you should kind of be a little bit, you know, quicker to potentially close that because you know that you're going to get more and more small orders. This happens all the time. Or the opposite is true. If you get a big order, I might wait a little longer and give it a little bit more time because there's a good chance that you're going to get more and more big orders. So there's an AOV factor here as well. So yeah, just keep a close eye on the first 24 to 48 hours of your ads life. What you should do is kind of benchmark against yourself. Okay? So if you have a campaign that's worked for you in the past that's you consider it a winner, really understand uh the metrics, you know, keep a close eye on those metrics and pay attention to the patterns or the way that it behaves. Okay? And then when you launch that next ad, compare it to the benchmark, right? Does it have similar metrics? Is it behaving the same way? If yes, then leave it alone. If no, you know, keep a close eye on it. If it's like not the same at all, it's like acting really weird or the metrics are way off, then you can be quicker to close it. Okay, so that's just a little bit of a way to think about all of this. So, that's all I had for you. I really hope that you got a lot of value out of this. You know, sometimes theory is good. Okay, I think having the theory is actually very important. Obviously, the real live case studies are are super helpful to see it in practice, but I think if you apply this or at least you keep this in the back of your head, you're going to start to see your ads in a different light. So, if you guys want to help support the channel, if you want to help grow my small business, please subscribe to the channel, please like these videos, and share it with others that you think would find value in this. And uh I will see you on the next one. Thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mahendrakewalramani6998 [4 likes]: Superb 🎉 Waiting on the detailed video for Crazy method
  2. @m4rvvan [3 likes]: thank you so much man, I would like to see for next video how you could test and scale fb ads please.. thanks alott
  3. @thinkcartology [2 likes]: Great insights! Anyone else ready to join the Meta Ads community and take their ad strategy to the next level?
  4. @ayyazahmad1055 [2 likes]: this is so true. i have definitely observed this a number of times and the first time i realized what was happening was after watching the crazy method video by konstantinos. thank you for explaining this in such detail

one question: could you do the crazy method with cost cap or bid cap?
  5. @dilshodismatov5253 [1 likes]: Thank you for great video. One question I ran ads and it didn’t go well. I m planning to rerun it again. Should I still that campaign or delete it and set up a new campaign
  6. @mikesclarity [1 likes]: brother i just found you and i already love it, keep it coming!
  7. @reviewsaria17 [1 likes]: why left affiliate marketing?
  8. @MightyCycles-i5k [1 likes]: Great video! To reference what you said about meta using that first person/sale as an optimization for more similar traffic, does a program like negate help prevent meta pulling data from bots? I’m assuming no since they advertise it’s at your website or landing page level where the protection comes to play. Thank you!
  9. @TillyLillyKidsRhymes: Well Explained!

- The Truth About Meta's Andromeda Update (What You Need to Know): Kind: captions Language: en So, the Andromeda update is what everyone is talking about in the Facebook ads and the Instagram ad space right now. And I think we need to talk about it, too, because there is a lot of fear-mongering and a lot of misinformation flying around about Andromeda right now. So, in this video, I'm going to go through what Meta actually changed, the impact it's actually having on ad results and the changes that you need to make to your current ad setup to make the most of Andromeda, and to make sure you don't get left behind. So, to help explain what the Andromeda update actually is, I've got an article from Meta up about this. I'm going to run through various sections. Actually quite a complex technical doc, but I think we can break it down into sort of easy to understand uh terms and focus on the parts that actually impact us as advertisers and and why we need to update and change things in response to this update. The first thing I want to highlight though is the date. So this was posted by Meta on December 2nd, 2024. So almost a year ago as of the recording of this video. And I think that's quite interesting. And the reason why it sort of taken a while and it's only really become the big topic of conversation recently is because it took Meta a while to roll this out. So it took as Meta often does with with new features and new updates. Um some advertisers get it early, others it takes longer. They also introduce this to some campaign types before others. But now we're in a situation where the vast majority of advertisers are operating in an Andromeda um system. That's why it's become a big topic of conversation, particularly from those advertisers that haven't updated how they do things. They may have seen results drop off. They're still operating under the the old setup. And so, a lot of people talking about it. And like I said, we need to cover this, too, cuz there's a lot of misinformation and fearongering about this out there. So, there's got sort of three summary points here. I'm going to skip over those because we're going to cover those in more detail as we go through it. I actually want to start with these two paragraphs here. Right. So, we've got here, AI plays an important role in Meta's advertising system by leveraging the power of machine learning to predict which ads a person will find most interesting. And that sounds like a fairly standard run-of-the-mill sentence for an ad platform, right? Like, we're using AI and machine learning to try and put the [clears throat] right ads in front of the right people that they're more likely to engage with. Um, but that's really key to Andromeda because Andromeda is doing this in a much more sophisticated way to what has been used previously. And I really want to sort of focus in on this predict which ads a person will find most interesting angle. You'll see why that's important as it comes up. And they sort of justify why that's that's important. It says this helps people learn about a business or product they are interested in while helping an advertiser meet their objectives such as increasing brand awareness, acquiring new customers, and driving sales. Obviously, if your ads are put in front of people that are more likely to be interested in your products and services, you are more likely to make a sale, generate a lead, etc. Okay, this next paragraph is also very interesting and revealing. So, retrieval is the first step in our multi-stage ads recommendation system. And that's what Andromeda is. It is a much more sophisticated ads recommendation system that operates differently and has consequences for us advertisers. Why we need to update things and change some of our best practices. At this stage, it's tasked with selecting ads from tens of millions of ad candidates into a few thousand relevant ad candidates. In the following stage, larger more sophisticated ranking models predict people and advertiser value to determine the final set of ads to be shown to the person. So if you think about if you're targeting the whole of the US for example, how many other advertisers are targeting the whole of the US? Tens of millions if not more of potential ad candidates and that needs to get whittleled down from all those different ads, all those different advertisers because so many people are advertising nationwide broad targeting um or or a variation of to really narrow it down. Okay. We'll we'll remove 99 whatever percent of the various options and then from there we'll narrow down even further narrow down further to work out which ad is most likely to be most interesting to that user but also most likely to meet the objective that the advertiser wants. Right? So that's kind of an overview of what Andromeda is and and how it operates. But we need to focus in on a few elements here because those are those are really important. Okay. Okay. And the meta is kind of setting the scene with this next section talking about challenges of opportunities in this new era of advertiser automation with generative AI. Um, and basically they're highlighting two points. I won't go through all the detail here, but highlighting two points that because advertisers are using AI to produce ad creative, uh, not just outside of platforms with various AI tools, but also within platform to create lots of variations of ads. So if you think about using advantage plus creative where you meta may add text overlay to your images or animate them or may add music or may uh you there's all sorts of different enhancements within advantage plus creative. Well those are all different ad variations and you can have tons and tons of different ad variations from just the one sort of seed ad that you've created as an advertiser. So using that stuff as well as the external tools to produce more ad creative basically means there's a explosion in the number of ads in the number of ad candidates. So you can see one of the big challenges of the AI era of advertising is going to be instead of meta having to sort through millions of ad variations it's going to have to sort through hundreds of millions probably billions of different ad variations um as that sort of grows in an exponential way. So that's that's the first big challenge that Andromeda is designed to to cope with, but also to allow us to benefit from. And then the second big challenge here is tight latency constraints. Basically, Meta's got to do this really, really fast because if you're midscroll or you're swiping through stories or whatever it is, that next ad wants to have been sorted through all the various different ad candidates and worked out just the right one so that it can be put in front of them straight away. There's no sort of loading, buffering, etc. And you also can take advantage of changing user interest and focus and attention really quickly. This has the potential to get really complicated. I'm going to try and keep it simple and bring it back to the parts that matter for us advertisers. You know, we're not developers, right? We're we're we're advertisers. We want to get better results. So talking about deep neural networks and using the super GraceHopper super chip and deliver superior performance. But it's this first sentence again in this paragraph that I think is interesting. So Andromeda improves performance of meta ad system by delivering more personalized ads to viewers and maximizing return on ad spend for advertisers. That's the name of the game here. If we can have a more personalized ad delivery system, we get better results. If you think about this is is what Andromeda is trying to do is be a much much more sophisticated version of what we used to try and do manually as Facebook and Instagram advertisers many many years ago when we try and be ultra specific with our targeting and match the messaging in our ads to the target audience because that's been a known marketing tactic that works since forever. Right? If you just talk to everyone, you talk to no one. If you talk to people very specifically and it resonates with them and you call out their pain points, they're more likely to listen to it, to take action, to believe that your product or service will work for them. And that's what this is looking to do. It's looking to do this at a massive scale and get things really personalized for the individual to uh help improve performance. So, let's move on to the next section. So, we've got Advantage Plus automates budget allocation, audience targeting, and bid adjustments, streamlining, campaign management, and boosting performance through more ads in the system for different audiences. So, we've seen the effect of that for a number of years, right? As Meta has been able to automate uh things like targeting uh budget allocation, bid adjustments automatically, we have gotten better results. It's why more and more advertisers have switched to Advantage Plus campaigns or switch to open targeting that takes advantage of some of this stuff. That's what that first part's talking about. For example, when advertisers who did not previously use Advantage Plus Creative turned on its AIdriven targeting features, they experienced a 22% increase in return on ad spend from our ads. We estimate the business using image generation are seeing a 7% increase in conversions. So, this next part is kind of crazy. Even at this early stage, more than a million advertisers use our generative AI tools to create more than 15 million ads in a month. Now, like I said, this article was released almost a year ago. I guarantee that number has increased massively and more and more people are using the tools like I said within meta also externally but this is really focusing on the stuff within meta to produce way more ads way more ad variations they're using advantage plus creative um and taking advantage of that. So this effect is only going to continue to increase uh particularly as well as advantage plus creative and those enhancements that you see become more and more sophisticated. And then after that it gets really complicated with all sorts of diagrams and more talk on neural networks and more talk on hierarchical indexing and stuff that honestly is too complicated for most advertisers certainly too complicated for me gets very technical and just not stuff that I think we really need to worry about. Um that's more developer world than it is advertiser world. So if I had to sort of summarize Andromeda and a good way of thinking about it, I think it's like Andromeda is like Meta building out its own Netflix recommendation system. So instead of everyone just being shown the same films or TV shows to watch within comedy, uh Netflix is going to show different options first to different people based on what it thinks they are most likely to be interested and watch based on previous viewing habits and things like that. That's that's what Meta is doing. So previously of course the system before Andromeda still worked out these are the best types of ads to put in front of these people [snorts] but it was done as sort of more of a group level. So okay we've grouped these people as interested in ABC. Therefore they meet tick the boxes and meet the requirements to be shown ads from advertisers XY Z. Whereas now with Andromeda we're getting much more specific to the individual. So, it's more sophisticated, more personalized. Uh, like I said, just like a Netflix sort of comedy playlist recommendation system where not everyone sees the same thing. Some people are shown different things um to others, even if they are both of those people are categorized as being interested in comedy. So, in a second, we need to talk about why Meta created Andromeda and the changes that we need to make as advertisers to our Facebook and Instagram ad strategy to get the best results now that Andromeda um is here. But first, I want to quickly let you know about my mentorship program, which gives you all the support you need to get the best possible meta ad results, including multiple daily live calls with me and my team. Uh, unlimited one-to-one support, ad account audits, exclusive training material, like I said, all the stuff you need to get the best possible results. If that sounds interesting, there is a link in the video description. Go ahead and click on that and book a call with one of my team members and hopefully we get a chance to work together directly very soon. So, why did Meta create Andromeda? >> Why? Why? Why? Yeah, I've heard all sorts of ludicrous things said uh from people saying that Meta did this because they want to worsen results and hurt advertisers. Like that is absolutely not the case. Meta is highly incentivized for us advertisers because we are their customers to get better results because if we all stop getting any leads and sales from Meta tomorrow, we would all leave and Meta would stop generating revenue and the value of the company would crash. Like that's absolutely not what they want. They want us to get the the complete opposite. In fact, they are highly incentivized to get us advertisers the best results possible because then we keep paying them money and if they get us even better results, then we spend more money with them, we scale, they grow as a company. So, just wanted to sort of dispel that myth because I've seen that knocking around quite a bit. So, why create Andromeda? Well, the real key here is personalization. We've already talked about that quite a bit, but putting more relevant ads in front of people makes it more likely they will take the action that us advertisers want them to take, and they will also like it too, right? People don't mind advertising if it's for things they are interested in as much as they do if it's for things they are not interested in. Okay? So it helps improve performance for us advertisers and keeps the user happy. There also a big time component to Adromeda. So um trying to do it faster, deliver the right ad to the right person at the right time. And that time element also makes it more likely that you will get the result you want as an advertiser. Cuz if even sometimes in some industries if your ad is delivered to someone u who's the right person, but you got the wrong day. They've already bought the such and such thing that they were looking for and researching and you could have got an ad in there, but it didn't quite work it out fast enough. Then you could be missing out on return on ad spend and on sales because of that. Like Meta had personalization previously and they had systems to be able to do that relatively quickly, but people were grouped as opposed to being narrowed down to the specific individual. And yeah, that basically left rorowass on the table in Meta's opinion. And we can see that because when we tried to group people manually with our own targeting options and serve them ads, we didn't get as good results as we did when we went broad in most cases for most advertisers over the last few years. So that's a good example of how this system can work uh better by instead of grouping people making it more specific to the individual. And then of course Andromeda was to some extent a necessity. They had to update the system because with AI and automation creating way way way more ads than we've seen previously. Well those all need to be sorted through and organized. Okay. So for some advertisers that leads to an obvious question right? If Andromeda is supposed to improve performance why have my results gotten worse? And just to be clear not all advertisers results have gotten worse. There are many advertisers that are seeing similar results to what they had pre-Adromeda or have even seen an improvement in results, right? But there'll still be advertisers that have seen a drop off that be thinking, well, if this thing's more sophisticated and designed to get better return ad spend, why am I not seeing as good a results in in my ad account? I think there's a few things to factor in here. So, Andromeda has only really become the big topic of conversation in the Facebook and Instagram ad space fairly recently, and that could easily coincide with a seasonal decline. If your business typically performs better, say during the summer or struggles in Q4, that could easily explain it. It could be that CPMs cost per thousand impressions are always way up in Q4 because there's a lot more advertiser activity with Black Friday and and Christmas and that's when advertisers spend a lot of their budget. A lot of advertisers spend a lot of their budget. So, those things could easily be a factor. You could have changing market dynamics. Those are things that are kind of out of your control. The big thing that is within your control is have you updated your strategy and your way of doing things to factor in the Andromeda update because if you haven't that could easily be causing a big drop in performance. Andromeda is something new. There are differences and the best practices that go with it have also updated. Now what that means is that that's a great potential opportunity because if you had great results and came in, they dropped off. If you then adjust your system and your setup to try and take advantage of Andromeda, you may well see better results, not just than what you're getting right now if they have dropped off, but potentially even better than you did previously because Andromeda is a more sophisticated thing to do. And then also, if your competitors haven't adjusted and haven't um gone with the new system and made those changes, which a lot won't, then that's extra potential competitive advantage for you. Okay. Okay, so in a second we're going to run through what you need to change, but first I want to let you know about Hyros. Hyro is the best tracking and attribution software for meta ads. It's a software all the big players in this industry use, including myself. I use it to track results for my own ads as well as all my organic results as well. So if someone books a call for our done for you services, for example, I can see exactly where that person came from with a lot of accuracy. That allows me to make better decisions for my marketing and my business. High rose has been able to track that from our ad spend in this campaign we've generated 96,000 but £58,000 of that was not reported by meta. So if I was just looking at my data within my meta ad account I might come to the conclusion that this campaign is doing okay but in reality this campaign is doing a lot lot better. Now this is a relatively extreme example because of the nature of our business. So most of our products services have recurring billing elements. Meta might be able to see what we make initially from our ad spend on that initial transaction, but not those subsequent payments. That's why it it shows the importance here of being able to accurately see what we actually get from our ad spend in order to be able to make better decisions and optimize correctly. So, if you want to improve the performance of your ad campaigns without having to touch your ads, go ahead and sign up to Hyros. There is a link in the video description. Okay, so what do we need to change now that Andromeda is it? How do how do we get the most out of the new system as advertisers? How do we update our strategy? All that sort of stuff. I've got some recommendations for you. And this increased personalization is is at the core of this because that really creates a big opportunity for us advertisers in what we can do. And I'll I I'll explain what I recommend you do and talk through the logic of it as well. So my biggest recommendation is an increase in volume of ad creative. More ads is better. Meta used to make recommendations around don't have more than six ads in an adset at any one time. Now we're regularly running adsets with 20 ads or more in there. If you think about what Meta is able to do, they're able to work out of those 20 ads, let's say, this one is right for this person and this one is right for this person. So that increased level of of specificity when it comes to personalization means that more ad creatives gives Meta more flexibility to put the right ad in front of the right people. Then within that increased ad volume, ad creative volume, you also want to try and increase creative diversity. So not just different ad variations, right? not just changing the image on a background, but different ads with different angles that focus in on different things and that different people might be interested in that might grab their attention uh more than others. Right? So, if you think about creating lots of different ads, you want to try and hit different things. And these will vary a little bit depending on what it is you're selling, but I've got a little list I'm going to run through. So, you could create different ads that try and hit people at different stages of the awareness ladder. So, the awareness ladder in marketing, you're probably familiar with it. You start people that are sort of not even problem aware, completely unaware. And then ads that are targeted, those people will often be like, "Did you know that such and such can be a real problem?" And then you go through the various other stages. And then you've got sort of problem aware, so they're aware of the problem but not aware of the solution. So then you have ads that explain the solution, but you don't need to explain the problem in the first place because they already know. And then you have ads to people that are solution aware, where you don't de you don't explain the solution more broadly, but you talk more specifically about your product or service um to get them to to buy that. You can create ads thinking, okay, does that apply to my industry? Could I create some ads that are explaining the problem in the first place, create other ads for people who already know the problem but don't know the solution. And and then all the way down that that's a good way of thinking about, okay, how do I create ads for those different different options? You could create ads that touch on different pain points, right? Maybe your product or service solves different issues. Maybe your competitors are more expensive and more timeconuming. So you could have one ad that really focused on the fact that you're cheaper, another ad that really focused on the fact that um people can save time, lots of different pain points, lots of different uh industries. Have a think about those. And then you can also flip that, right? And different desires. Does someone want to save time? Does someone want to save money? Does someone want to buy your product or service because they're going to look really good in front of their friends when they've bought it? Does someone want it because it's going to be relaxing? Does someone want it because it's going to be really exciting? All sorts of different desires that you can think of. Not all will apply to all products or services, but some will apply to some. And you can look to use ones that might work and different angles because different people might be interested in different things. And that's what a drummer is able to do. Able to go, this person wants to uh mitigate issues. They're booking a fasttrack queue at an airport, for example, right? So they don't have to stand through all the cues going through security. One person might be booking that because they want to save time. Another person might be booking that because they're an anxious traveler and they really don't want the risk of missing their flight stood in a queue for security. Another person might buy it because they want to feel swish that they're just walking straight through to the front of the queue. Those are three different desires for the same thing and different people will be interested in different ones. Like a business person is probably more going to be interested in the time saving. An anxious traveler and frequent traveler is going to be more interested in not missing their flight etc etc. Okay. And then different avatars within your target audience. So there are likely to be within your overall target audience different groups of people and you can speak to them specifically. Imagine advertising a gym, right? You're going to have people different ages. They're going to be different fitness levels. They're going to be coming from a different place. Are they trying to lose weight? Are they trying to gain muscle? Are they trying to get in better shape to compete in some sort of sport or athletic event? Are they doing injury prevention or injury rehab? You could create different ads for all of those different use cases and different avatars. Like older people are more likely to be interested in X. Therefore, we can create ads that are more suitable for them. And again, another good way of thinking through um the different ads, right? So, in general, I get this question all the time now. How many ads should I be looking to put in my ad campaigns? And my my advice here is as many highquality ads as you can produce. Don't necessarily run them all at once, particularly if you're operating with a small budget. Meta still needs to be able to test the ads and see which can perform best. And that's still a process that's going to occur. But the vast majority of people I speak to, they are constrained by how much good stuff they can produce, not by what Meta can handle nowadays with Andromeda. That's a big big change. That wasn't the case even a few years ago. What I see a lot of advertisers doing is they hear, "Oh, I should have 20 ads in an adset." And then they just go ahead and create 20 ads every week. But the only way they can create 20 ads every week is if they're basically variations on a theme or, you know, they're just swapping out something really small or they're just not very good. Don't do that. Don't create volume for the sake of volume. Uh well, actually, no, you do want to create volume for the sake of volume because that helps. But only do so if the ads you're producing are high quality and if the ads you're producing have different angles, hit different pain points. Talk to different desires. Talk to different people at stages of awareness. Uh talk to different avatars within your audience and then allow Meta to be really smart and work out, okay, this person needs to see this ad. This person needs to see this ad. And another part that we haven't talked about or what wasn't expressly said within that document, but I've talked about because it's obviously being featured within the new system, and I've mentioned this on other videos, is meta being able to add sequence. And if you have more creative diversity, the meta can add sequence more effectively. What do I mean by that? Some people within your target market are basically ready to buy. There's no point putting a an awareness style ad, a top offunnel ad in front of that person. You might as well just go for it. Go for the sale. go for the the lead inquiry, whatever it is you want people to do, right? With a more direct bottom ofunnel style ad. But some people do need those top offunnel style ads. So again, by Andromeda being really smart, being able to personalize if you put ads that would previously have hit different uh stages of the salesunnel in together. Meta is smart enough to work that out, right? Some people going to need to put a top of funnel ad in, then a middle of funnel, then a bottom funnel. Other people straight for the bottom of funnel. If you put them all in together, Meta can work that out for you as opposed to separating out into different campaigns or different adsets and then forcing the issue by saying, "No, only advertise to these people." This is really quite a difficult thing to get your head around if you are if you're someone who's been advertising on Meta for a long time and you come from a multi-step salesfunnel process, tons of retargeting, manually set up retargeting. Um, this is very different. Requires, you know, you to trust Meta a lot more. But I've talked over the past few months about different campaign structures and about including different ads that hit different um stages of the funnel, hit different pain points, using hook variations to create lots of different ad creative relatively quickly and easily. And I consistently see on those videos people coming back with, "Wow, I changed over to the new setup and my results have gotten so much better. I've I must have seen that comment a hundred times or a variation of it hundred times um in the last month or so." And that's because yes, lots of advertisers have experienced big drop offs from Andromeda because they did not update their system, their strategy, their setup to the new setup. And if you do, if you play by the new rules as it were, if you give basically Andromeda and Meta's machine learning system what it wants, it can work for you as best it possibly can and help you get um significantly better results. Okay. And one of the big changes that we need to make to facilitate that to facilitate all this extra ad creative uh and being able to get the best results and allowing method to do its thing is a change in campaign structure. And I have seen some nutty campaign structures recommended by people in this space to help um take advantage of Andromeda or combat Andromeda. And it's quite clear whenever I see these crazy campaign structures being talked about, especially in relation to Andromeda that these people don't really run many live ad campaigns because they're completely impractical. They certainly don't have 1,200 plus ad accounts um in their business manager like we do. And we're running thousands of meta ad campaigns at any one time. We very much see what works in the real world, not just in theory. And actually with Andromeda, you want a very simple campaign structure. Probably not just the one campaign, uh but you want a very simple campaign structure. And I go through all of that in detail in this video here. And I think this is a logical next step to go ahead and watch this after you've seen this to see exactly how we're doing things. This is very much done with Andromeda in mind. It's what Meta wants us to do. And once you switch over, you are likely to see significant improvement in results. So go ahead and give this a watch

  Top Comments:
  1. @MartinVargasWallin [14 likes]: A problem that I see is that even with high creative volume, 10-20 creatives in one ad set, the meta algo will prioritise and a lot of creative will not get any spend at all. For me that is wasted creative efforts, money in the bin and not really better performance.
  2. @BenHeath [1 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  3. @lisajanejones6308 [1 likes]: I'm not convinced on Metas AI at all. For example, my own personal feed is now full of the most random content and ads that I have absolutely no interest in and never have. Its a hot mess that make no sense. I use to enjoy scrolling FB as all the content and ads I saw where based on my interests and stuff I've engaged with etc ... not any more.
  4. @riyazulhoque7407 [1 likes]: ** help**     I used to run meta ads on a Facebook ad account which used to produce decent results right now I have switched to another Facebook ad account but that is not producing good results is there a way to transfer my old Facebook ad account data to the new account?
  5. @mikaylaxam: How many ad creatives should I have in an ad set that has a budget of $20 per day?
  6. @jakefrosher: 👀
  7. @martiejunior: But then how do you optimise specifically if all stages of the funnel are in one campaign? How do you know which is the part that needs to be tweaked (pre-aware vs ready-to-buy) if it's all in one big wash of a campaign with X cost-per-sale for example?
  8. @TahaBuw: Thanks!
  9. @aronuchukwuezugo615: 10:36 But they ban ad accounts wrongly and don't have a human support people can reach out to fix it so we can keep spending with them.

How does it make sense?
  10. @chukwudumofoegbu: Hey Ben, how does the new Andromeda update affect your omnipresent ad strategy?
  11. @valea-o8g: do I have to activate Andromeda or is it already turned on?
  12. @jnpilot: Who here is having issues with the video views objective now delivering to the same person over and over again? In just two weeks, I had a 10 freq for the same size audience previously used that would have a 1-2 freq in the same time period. Its goal seems to be to obtain video views at the lowest price without any regard to frequency.
  13. @MountainCollectivePodcast: thank you sir.
  14. @IvanmoralesSMP: funny I was allready doing all of this prior to the update .. now I understand why my I didn't get affected
  15. @lektrolietuva: This creative strategy is amazing and it really works! Thank you su much, Ben!
  16. @namitshri: If we are selling different products targeting different genders, should we create different ad sets for each, or will Meta AI be able to target the right creative to the right gender on its own in a single ad set?
  17. @taniacasey6617: Hey Ben, I've been watching your videos for a little while now so the company I work for can do paid promotion. We have a good size CRM but in New Zealand, I'm not we can import our clients info into meta due to our privacy laws. Not without stating this in sign-up T&C's which is ok going forward, but any historical customers would have to be excluded. Do you know more about this situation with some countries?
  18. @IppokratisSaridis-b1f: If we create lets say 10 high quality ads in an ad set, wont they be limited by budget? Even if i have 100$ per day, wont some of them produce better results and get all the money then from that point? What changes in that perspective with andromeda? If this happens and we have 10 more ads do we place them in a different ad set with separate budget or in the same but closing some of the old ones? Will the best performer be a problem and wont "share" the budget?
  19. @DBMTexas: Here’s the real issue. I’m a small apparel business owner, and I’ve been through three agencies. Each one promised they’d be better than the last, and each one failed. In the end, the agencies made more money than I did. They’ll celebrate getting a 2–3x return like it’s a huge win, but for a business like mine, that’s not good enough. Once you factor in agency fees, cost of goods, and ad spend, a 2–3x return can still leave you barely breaking even—or losing money.

So what perception does that create for small business owners toward Facebook ads and agencies? Honestly, it makes it feel like they all suck and you’re just throwing money into a black hole. Eventually you stop spending on Facebook ads, and Facebook loses revenue. Yes, agencies bring businesses onto the platform, but if those businesses aren’t profitable, they’re going to quit advertising. And when small and mid-sized businesses stop advertising, Facebook loses the customer entirely.

I know this firsthand—whenever I pause my ad spend, Facebook calls me right away and offers to help for free. And that’s actually smart. Who knows the platform better than Facebook? If they can help small and medium-sized businesses become profitable through ads, they’ll keep us spending long-term—and they’ll naturally cut out a lot of smaller agencies that aren’t delivering real results. Facebook’s goal is simple: keep businesses advertising. But the only way that works is if businesses are actually making money. If Facebook can help owners get more sales and stay profitable, we’re way more likely to keep investing in ads. I know I would.
  20. @Amritpalsingh-cv5fs: Fyp

- Meta's Andromeda & GEM: Clearly Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Here's the thing about Andromeda. You're probably thinking about it all wrong. I see a lot of people blaming bad performance on the new Andromeda update. And I'm going to keep it 100 with you. I have a lot of opinions about this update that I think are going to actually make you uncomfortable. So, what we're going to do today is I'm actually going to give you the clearest explanation on what these updates actually are. And there are three in total. It's not just Andromeda. Then I'm going to explain why these updates may have contributed to bad results, just not in the way that you think they are. In fact, I'm going to be calling you out a little bit. But before we begin, my personal hot takes on these updates and why I think it's really important that you clearly understand them. Number one, these updates have rendered all targeting interests look alike, even prospecting versus retargeting pretty much useless. You'll understand why I explain more. And number two, it's also made your account structure far less important. Kind of a big one, right? So, let's get into these updates. So, there are three new updates in total, right? There's Andromeda, Gem, and Lattis. And let's go into the most infamous first. Andromeda. Actually, let's first go into what it's not. It is not a new algorithm. And it's also not new. It was actually launched last year in December of 2024. So, it is not responsible for your poor ads performance lately with an asterisk here, right? Because I can explain why some of you might have worse performance now as a result of these changes. And finally, Andromeda doesn't actually control which singular ad is shown to each individual user. Let's dive into this. So, Andromeda is part of the algorithm that actually decides which ads are selected for delivery. It narrows down millions of ads from thousands of brands to a smaller pool that can be shown to each individual user. Simply put, Andromeda is the retrieval process for gathering relevant ads for each user every time they sign on to Facebook or Instagram. That is it. Andromeda doesn't even technically select the best individual ad at any given moment. That is actually another update's job. Now, the way that I like to think about Andromeda is this. It's kind of like a personal assistant that you've tasked to help it find you the best perfect white t-shirt. So, what that personal assistant is going to do first, right, is based on how well they know you and what type of events and travel you have coming up, they are going to narrow down a selection of a few options for you to choose. And that process is all that Andromeda does, but just for ads. Now, before we dive into the gem and lattice updates, which are really crucial for fully understanding this new algorithm, I first want to give a huge thanks to the sponsors of this video, Particle. They are longtime friends of ours because they play a really critical role in my own research process, which honestly is now doubly important with all these new updates. With Particle, you can see real-time sales data from the top DTOC brands. And I particularly love it to be able to zoom in on what type of products and bundles are actually selling today. Something that I'll explain more in depth later in this video and why some of you might have had worse results after the gem and Andromeda updates. And again, not to spoil the plot, but being able to increase your AOV so you can actually spend more to acquire your customers is going to be a crucial part of your success moving forward in this new ecosystem. So, some of my favorite bundles that I've seen using Particle recently that have honestly really given me a few bursts of great creative inspiration for this have been Hexclad's Ultimate Everything Collection, which honestly seemed to crush this Black Friday, Cyber Monday. And similarly, Magic Spoon also has an everything bundle. So, when I saw these, actually, I immediately reached out to some of the clients that I was working with and I'm like, "Hey, do we have an everything bundle?" Cuz if not, this seems like a really easy thing that we could do to really increase our AOV. Now, the reason why Particle ties in really well with Andromeda and Gem is that you're going to be able to get a much better sense of your competitor's revenue and sales by skew. And they also have centralized access to tons of marketing assets from your competitors like social media ads and even emails. So, if you really think that Andromeda is the reason why your sales tanked, I would actually take a look at your competitors and particle and you might actually see, hm, they're doing something a lot better when it comes to their bundle strategy, their product strategy, and how they're positioning those products across their entire marketing ecosystem. Okay, let's get back into these updates. Right. So after Andromeda narrows down the pool of ads, that's when the other new AI models like Gem and Lattis come into the picture. So Gem is the generative ads recommendation model. And after Andromeda selects this pool of ads, right? That's when Gem comes in. And Gem is essentially a superbrain. I actually really loved the way that this Meta employee described it. He described it like a new superbrain that can read an entire library of book in seconds while understanding and retaining every single detail. So, the way that this comes to life in Gem is that it can essentially read the mind of your customers and figure out what they're going to want to do next week, maybe even before they do. So, Andromeda creates a pool of ads for a user and Gem narrows that down even further as sort of the super brain power. And then that's where Lattis comes in, which is essentially a massive library of all of the AI models of the algorithm. And this is where GEM actually lives, right? It's a part of Lattis, which is significant because in the past, Meta has actually had all of these different models separated, which is why it really benefited us to have interest targeting, lookalike targeting, and segmenting things out between prospecting and retargeting even. But now with Lattice, the exact right ad can be matched up to the right user. So it is actually Lattice that selects that final ad, not Andromeda or Gem. And let's go back to my metaphor, right? Let's bring this full circle. Andromeda is like the personal assistant who will narrow down a pool of white t-shirts that you might want to buy, all from different brands. And Gem is the superbrain that selects an even smaller pull of white t-shirts based on even more detailed insights on you, your behavior, and the advertiser goals. And it knows what types of fabrics you like. You know, cotton versus linen, for instance. And lattice is the system that brings everything together. It is the one that selects the final t-shirts based on all data and outputs from Gem and other models. So to put it really plainly, Andromeda and Gem are simply the systems that Meta created so that they could sort through millions of different ad combinations for each individual user. Candidly, it broke that into steps so that Lattis could make that final ad selection. Okay. So what can advertisers do if results are down? How has this affected advertisers in the last few months? Because I have heard from a lot of people, Andromeda killed my results. And that's not exactly true, but there is a reason why your results could have gone down as a result of it. And to be honest, it's really simple. Your competitors are likely taking better advantage over everything that Andromeda has to offer. They're likely out bidding you. So, they have a bigger budget to acquire a customer, and they're a lot more strategic on their creative strategy, aka they probably have more better ads than you do. Nothing more and nothing less in my opinion. And think about it. If your competitors doubled down on their creative strategy and really focused on their creative operations and making sure they could get more better creatives out the door and you just kept the status quo, yeah, Andromeda and Gem are much more likely to select your competitor's ads versus your own if you just kept things business as usual. Because Andromeda and Gem really does reward brands who are supplying great creative volume, but more importantly, creative diversity because it makes their jobs a lot easier to select relevant and engaging content, which again, I don't want to say that volume's the answer. Volume is not exactly the answer. It's much more about your creative efficiency and your velocity. How quickly can you get excellent creatives out the door and into the ad account? So, I always tell brands this. This is what you can do. Number one, you need to know your core personas. I actually really like to call them audience segments. What are the different audience segments that you can develop creative for? Motion actually has a really great intended audience tag that I really love to be able to like bring this to life a little bit more, especially if you think you have only one. And for those segments, you need to develop a diverse range of creative formats. And when you find certain formats are top performers, that's when you really need to start doubling down on different messaging angles and even different awareness levels so you can give the algorithm as much manpower as possible. And for those of you that are overwhelmed, I absolutely hear you. This suddenly becomes a question of not how to make the best ad possible, but it's more about your creative operations and how quickly you can act on those high quality creative ideas. So, my final thoughts for this, a really interesting wrinkle to all of this is this trend or desire for more brands to put out top offunnel content, which candidly is just great organic content. The gap between organic and paid content in my eyes is really starting to close as we move into 2026. And for brands that really prioritize unique organic content, I think they're going to be in the best position to pump out those new creative angles and [music] ideas for a wide range of personas. I've even seen a few operators say that they were going to be combining their paid social and their organic social teams into one, which I think is a sign of things to come. And that's all. I will see you guys next week. Let me know if you want a video on how to develop your creative strategy more for Andromeda. I think that's going to be really important.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TinyandSnail [1 likes]: Oooh this is gold! Thank you Dana! Especially the part at the end talking about how quickly you can produce a volume of relevant content.
  2. @lilykilleen3085 [1 likes]: hey idk if this is a dumb question but could you do a video clearly explaining each meta ad metric and what you need to change if one is down or high ?
  3. @herrokittyxo [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing! Do you have any insight on whether Metas algorithm can find audiences for non-profits/advocacy groups?
  4. @terripenfield5069: The only thing that has happened is facebook marketplace is a mess.
  5. @brotherdaveseattle2791: Libarry????
  6. @AbdulQudoosMir-m7y: Oh, please do be careful, Madam. At this rate of jaw gymnastics, you’re going to pull a muscle. For the sake of your own health, do you think you could try just... saying the point? Or is the theatrical performance mandatory?
  7. @Garo_Tcherpachian: Great video Dara thanks ! We definitly want a video about creative strategy haha
  8. @mattloris3698: Lie'berry❤
  9. @nasrodineelghalbzouri4849: I sell furniture online (mirrors, buffets, and other categories). What campaign structure would you recommend — one campaign per product category, or grouping all product categories within a single campaign?
  10. @jnpilot: This made the new Meta system even more confusing for me…
  11. @zeeshanzeeshan1149: Lots of theory there. And no, my competitors,  bigger are smaller are going down with me. The system is broken. It may improve with time but right now, its a complete mess. If selection is all that matters in the end and if meta  is doing it better now, it should impact ctr, cpm etc. Nope, nothing changed. I just get the feeling that meta is overselling all of this not so super brain to just charge more.
  12. @VibhaDevi-is7hg: What's the price range of your next creative strategist course...?
So i will be prepared...
  13. @Andres-196: Hi Dara, did you ever launch your creative strategy course? Would like to level-up our team members!
  14. @Jesfundamentals: Hi Dara, All this information is excellent!!!!
I have a question. What you teach about advertising is more focused on DTC products. Would what you teach apply to aesthetic clinics that offer Botox treatments, biostimulators, etc.?
And if it doesn't apply, can you recommend someone I could study with?
  15. @rcmanization: what's up with the horror movie background music in the first minute? lol
  16. @larissabecker1893: 10:10 yes do it girl!
  17. @David-rd9ke: Hi Dara! I am considering starting a FB ads agency. However, I know nothing! What resources/courses would you recommend for someone just starting out? Also, I saw one of your reels where you said smaller businesses shouldn't be paying agencies to run their ads. What types of businesses should I target (i.e. what income bracket would they fall into) with my service once I officially launch my business?
  18. @OguzSargin-r3d: Thank you, Dara. As you do every year, could you please also create a video for your Andromeda Campaign Structure?
  19. @abdalfatahelnahas1024: Thank you 
It will be great if you make a video about creative strategy
  20. @damanrique: I have a question. When I pay for ads, META gives an estimate of how much people will it reach. So what with these algorithms, selection, Competence, etc. If in the end META will show the ads to a certain number of people. What am I missing? Thank you

- How To Analyse Facebook Ads The RIGHT Way: Kind: captions Language: en I've generated more than $200 million in sales directly from Facebook and Instagram ads for our clients over the past 9 years and during that time my team and I have worked out the best way to analyze Facebook ads data to significantly improve results and in this video I'm going to show you exactly how we do it okay so let me start by showing you the metrics that we actually track what data points do we look at what matters what doesn't matter and and we will go from there so I'm in ads manager I'm in one of our Facebook ad accounts that we actually use to retarget for our own products and services this campaign specifically that we're talking about is for our Facebook ads Mastery product I'll explain more about that um in a little bit um we're going to use this as the example campaign to show you the data points um that we use and how we make decisions around analyzing campaigns that are live ads that are live and then optimizing working out uh what to do and how to improve results which is a hugely important part of Facebook ads you very much cannot get the best results from just creating a Facebook ad campaign throwing it out there and hoping the results are great you absolutely need to be digging into the data and improving things that's what I'm going to show you how to do okay so let me start by going through the columns that we actually take a look at and we've got um like a customized column preset uh here to have all the data that we like to look at um when we're going through and actively managing campaigns okay so First Column obviously other than the the name itself of the campaign the adset or ad we've got delivery um and then we've got actions actions is sort of a shortcut within the column section referring to the new opportunity score feature um so it's showing here that there are three plus available points that we could uh optimize uh within this ad set to to get better results if you want to know more about opportunity score that's not what this video is about I'll include a link in the video description to another video that shows you all the details around this new feature it's really good by the way I recommend you do it but you do want there you do want an actions column in there now that it's available because it reminds you and shows you oh there are some optimization actions that we may or may not want to take um available that meta is recommending then we've got budget you can see here it just says using campaign budget this campaign has got one adset so it really doesn't make any difference whether you're using CBO or AO whether you're setting the budget at the campaign level adset level a lot of people will tell you differently and it does matter but if you got one adset it just doesn't make any difference uh but we got budget in there cuz that's useful and then we've got amount spent um so we spent over just over £2,000 on this campaign it's been running for you know we've got the time frame set to maximum I think this has been running for 60 days something along those lines the next column is purchases now with this campaign that is what we are optimizing for we're are trying to get purchases for our Facebook ads Mastery product um but I should say that this column here doesn't always want to purchases this wants to be whatever conversion event it is that you are optimizing for after amount spent so if you're optimizing for leads put leads in here if you're optimizing for complete registrations put that in there instead okay but we've got purchases because that's what we're optimizing for here then we've got cost per purchase very useful metric to be able to see cost for purchase and when I get to the next stage and we start looking at various different components and comparing them that is one of the most important metrics possible after that we've got purchase conversion value now for some reason this isn't feeding through it was feeding through when I literally did the prep for this video it's not feeding through now and I thought about using a different example but I actually thought this was an interesting thing for me to mention because um ad manager is buggy and these things do happen I think it's quite useful for you guys going through this to be like oh every now and then that happens to me so this had purchase conversion value data there um it doesn't now but you don't really need it for the purpose of this video what I want to to just leave it in there to demonstrate that this happens but also explain what's going on here right so um the conversion value on the Facebook Master product is £97 per month right so in terms of you could get a sense for for what that's going to look like in terms of what we're paying you know would we pay £23 cost per purchase to acquire a customer that's worth £97 per month uh absolutely that's a that's a fantastic R uh when you factor in lifetime value um but yeah you want your purch conversion value in there if you are optimizing for purchases if you're optimizing for leads something else it's not really going to apply and then we've got purchase return anouncement so basically what's your row ass um and again again because this number isn't feeding through it's not creating a rows calculation uh to be fair when you've got a product like this that bills monthly the rows calculation that you see within your Facebook ad account is not going to be that accurate because it might just include the first transaction so let's say 97 on average with a 23 cost per purchase we're looking at about 4X RS but that's only on the first transaction right we know that our actual return on ad spend is way better than that you're probably looking at more like 20 xros um cuz people are going to stick around for uh a number of months uh we don't exactly know how many because Facebook as Master product is pretty new so we haven't had it live for a year or two years to see if people will stick around that long yet then we've got reach Impressions and frequency and I like to put these three together because they tell a story um of of how the ad adet or campaign um is performing so reach is simply the amount of accounts the amount of different people that your ads have been put in front of we've got 35,000 there Impressions is how many times an ad was put in front of someone so you can see how there's a difference there and then you calculate the frequency by dividing Impressions by reach and that gives a frequency of 10.43 now that means that of the people that have seen ads within this ad set um they've seen an ad just over 10 times which might seem like a really high amount but this is a retargeting campaign a retargeting ad set for one of our offers we know the people in this audience are very much engaged with my stuff they most of them will have watched uh my content for a long time so we can get away with a higher frequency in general if you're operating to cold audio is I don't like to see a frequency above 2.5 which obviously much lower than that that's to cold audiences um if you're advertising to warm audiences you can usually get away with significantly higher frequencies than that but most businesses you don't really want to go above say a six to an eight that sort of range um but there are cases like with me where we can go up to a 12 we've been up to 16 frequency before and that's absolutely fine and and as we go through this and I will talk about frequency metrics that is a secondary metric that is not one of the things we will optimize for first we will optimize for that after we factored in other metrics that we'll uh that we'll go through but it's really important to keep an ey eye on frequency because if you do see an ad perform really well and then it starts to drop off and that coincides with the frequency going up okay you've probably got ad fatigue you need to introduce new creatives and there's things you can do to go about um tackling that okay then we've got cpms that's cost per thousand Impressions now this is the metric that's typically used to describe how expensive it is to advertise so we're paying a uh CPM of £73 which is really very good part of that is because we've got engaging ad creative in there unsurprisingly we know how to do that um and also it's to my warm audience so people are interested in my stuff um most businesses nowadays particularly advertising in the countries we're advertising in UK US Etc are going to see higher cpms than that cpms is again a secondary metric and I'm get I'm going to break down these more in a minute and how we might um interpret the data and apply it to campaigns but it is not something that you want to be stressed about or optimed in for it's more a metric of how expensive is Facebook and Instagram advertising over time how is the CPM changed over time and also how expensive is my industry certain industries is going to cost way more than others if you're advertising something in the the health and fitness space it's usually going to cost a lot less in terms of CPM than if you're advertising something that's B2B for example okay but we we'll dig into that a little bit more in a bit then we've got hook rate now hook rate is a custom metrics this is one that we've actually created and when I go into I'll show you how to set up your columns in a second I'll talk about cust metrics so the hook rate if I hover over it we'll be able to see what this is It's 3 second video plays divided by um the number of Impressions and then expressed as as a percentage so basically what percentage of people that saw our ad made it past 3 seconds watch 3 seconds of the video um effectively they were hooked uh now an 8.38 across the ad set is decent in my mind anything above a 10 is is really quite good anything below a five is is quite poor so that's sort of typically what you're working with you will see massive variation and there's all sorts of um variance between Industries and things along those lines again B2B like what we're advertising 10 to be on the Lower Side other things tend to be be significantly higher I do like to have a look at video average play time uh that is not a custom metric that's one that's preset from meta and that is useful you do need to factor in the length of the video because you might think oh 2 seconds is terrible but in a lot of cases here we're advertising very short videos so it's like well actually if you think about it it's kind of Okay and like if you're having a really long video you would expect to see just longer average view time cuz some people are going to make it all the way through and that's really going to lift your average um so that's actually not such a useful metric for this campaign specifically but sometimes it is very useful for like take a look at things then we've got link clicks now it's really important that we've got link Clicks in there and you can get more specific with outbound link clicks or unique link clicks um I'm quite happy with link clicks um but what you don't want to be analyzing is clicks there's a difference between link clicks and clicks link clicks is clicks on the link that the that the ad is taking people to they they took the action that you most likely want them to take um clicks is going to include any click on the ad so if someone unmutes it if it's a video ad that's going to count as a click if someone clicks to see more button on Facebook in order to be able to see all of the primary text that's going to count as a click and these are things that you don't really want to be uh monitoring or optimizing for so we've got link clicks there to see how many people have actually clicked through to where we want to send them I always like to stick landing page views next to that to see the discrepancy rate between link clicks and landing page views um so you know we're looking at what 3,100 versus 2,300 20% maybe slightly more discrepancy between the two that's fine sometimes you'll see more than a 50% drop off between link clicks and landing page views and just explain the difference between the two link click is someone that actually clicked on a link landing pages they waited until the landing page loaded up um so if you do see a big discrepancy there there are all sorts of things you can read into that like is our landing page too slow to load are we getting a lot of accidental clicks which might be because you're running a traffic campaign and ads are showing on the Audience Network these are things that you can fix and knowing this sort of data is very useful then we've got CPC cost per click um sort of the the base metric of all digital marketing digital advertising has become far less important as the platforms have got more sophisticated but it's still a useful metric no again when you're entering in CPC make sure you get the cost per link click not the cost per click and then the same applies to click-through rate um you need to get the link click-through rate not the click-through rate because I have I get questions people all the time being like I've got a 4% click rate is that great I'm like well that's fantastic but it won't be link clicks that could include if you're running a carousel ad that could include people moving between it includes all sorts of uh various clicks uh and in general for link clickr rate anything above 1% is considered really quite good um 8.86 here is okay anything below say a 7.65 is is is normally pretty poor um so yeah so that those are the the data points that we are tracking and I'll show you how they Stack Up um in a minute the way by the way you can put together the exact same columns as I've got here and and so you have the exact same data that' be useful for you is you just come in here on columns and you can see I've got this called best column setup um which is uh what we're using as a default but there are like set what presets that you can use that met have put together performance engagement Etc I'd recommend creating your own what you do is you just come down you click on customize columns and then you can literally go through and you we've got 90 in here you can go in delete columns you can search for them uh on the left hand side you can just search at the top and and add those in or you can do this you can create a custom metric so remember how I mentioned that the hook rate was a custom metric so we're dividing 3 second video views by Impressions you can come up with all sorts of ones and get really sophisticated and there are case studies where we will do that because certain businesses need different things and we will look to implement this sort of thing so you can just go ahead and have a little play about with that but that very much is um an optional extra now in a second I'm going to show you how we use this data uh to make optimization decisions and improve results before I do that I want to quickly let you know a little bit more about Facebook ads Mastery the the example campaign that we're that we're talking about here so the Facebook ads Mastery product is my new course with community so it's brand new course material neverbe seen stuff that's not available um on YouTube or or anywhere else that me and my team have put together we're literally using it to to train on new staff we're we're very happy with the quality of the content and and think it's uh really good stuff I think you find it very valuable and the people who've been through so far have given us great feedback about it uh but it also comes with with a full community so we're using School we've got over 700 members in there already fantastic place where you could connect with like-minded Facebook advertisers Instagram advertisers business owners trying to do things me and my team are in there all the time answering questions we do live calls we do live trainings live q&as um there's all sorts of stuff so if you're interested there is a link in the description you can click on that hopefully I will see you on the inside with that said let's get back to the video okay so all the data that we've gathered here it does have its place that's why we're bothering to to track these metrics in the first place right but in the first instance so so for for the most part the two that I want you to base most of your optimization decisions around is either your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and which one you use depends on your business so if you are optimizing for purchases and you have the return on ad spend data we would be basing our decisions around return on ad spend so if we've got one ad that's producing a 4X return on ad spend and another ad that's producing a 3X return on ad spend the 4X return ad SP ad is the one that we're going to want to put more budget behind we might turn off the one that's got a 3X return on ad Bend and that is irrespective of if the 3x Rell on ad spend ad has a better click-through rate or a better cost per click like the those are secondary metrics that don't matter anywhere near as much we want to optimize for return on ad spend the most important thing or if you're not optimizing for purchases and you're optimizing for say leads or complete registration or something like that um then you want to optimize for your cost per result there you know the best cost per lead the best cost per complete registration if that's as far down the sales funnel as you can accurately track those things matter the most when it comes to comparing various elements and a huge part of optimizing Facebook ad campaigns is just literally taking a look at the various elements you've created and going this is performing better than this I'm going to turn off this and I'm going to learn from this one and I'm going to create ads or ad sets to some extent that are similar to this one to test again and see if I can beat this one and get better performance over time that's a huge part of analyzing data optimizing and it's very simple very uh very sort of top level but there does a point where you want to dig into the metrics a little bit more and take a look at the secondary metrics and the reason why is to understand why so you know I said we're going to decide between add a and add B based on return on ad spend or cost per conversion but let's say one does have a 4X return on ad spend and one has a 3X Turnal ad spend uh we want to know why this one has a 4X Turnal ad spend so that we can uh make ads that are more like it we can work out what's worked and what doesn't and use that information to improve results over time now what we look at here Will depend on the business it will depend on the typee of ads we're running so I'm going to run through some examples that I've prepared of of the sort of logic that we might use um and examples of data so that you can understand how we would improve things and things like that okay so let's start with hook rate now in this campaign we're running video ads hook rate remember is the number of the percentage of people that watched at least three seconds of the video so how well were they hooked in the first place only really applies um to video ads So within this ad set we ran ads that were videos and hook rate might be one of the things that we look at to try and work out why are some ads performing better or worse than other so let's go ahead and and click in and we can see the various six ads we can see the data on what was spent purchases generated cost for purchase all that if we scroll over uh we get to hook rate we can see some big differences so firstly with hook rate just discount these two ads here with the really low hook rates they're both carousels um so it's not going to it's not comparing apples for apples in comparison to the other three that we have data for that are all ads and we can see here that we've got quite significantly different hook rates we've got a 10.6 hook rate 13.6 and 16.2 now this is going to vary massively between businesses but I think if you've got a hook rate over 10% you're normally doing reasonably well anything below 5% is really quite poor um and then in between is is okay but again there are going to be businesses where those metrics are way way different but that's often what what I I might look to look at so what we can do now is we can take a look at these three video ads and be like well this one down here that is hooking people better in okay great so that hook works better than the hook for the other two video ads when we create new video ads let's start with the one we're using here now interestingly though when you scroll over and we look at the cost per purchase this ad is not actually performing as well when it comes to cost of purchase it's it's £28 versus 25 for this one up here and and 19 for this one here although that only generated three purchases just not much data so what that might tell us in this sort of scenario is okay this ad here is doing the best job of hooking people but this ad and this ad are doing a better job of getting people to convert so why don't we take this ad up the top the meat of the ad and pair it with the hook that we've got in this ad and then we might be able to benefit from the better performing elements in both that might be one of the things that we look at when it comes to hook through rate and that's an example of digging into the data and coming up with an actionable um Step that we could now take with a reasonable expectation of improving results we can also look at hook rate in conjunction with video average playtime now in this scenario because these are short videos this video average play time I don't think is very useful um but we might see for certain ads for example that the hook rate is nice and high like let's take this one at 16% but the video average play time would be significantly lower than the other video ads in which case that would really show us that either the hook is a little bit misleading and not connected enough to the rest of the ads or that the meat of this ad so after the hook the main the main content of the ad um is not as engaging it's not keeping as people there for longer so this is where when we dig into the into the secondary metrics we can start to pair them and start to put together a a picture and an understanding of what's going on here and combining both hook rate and with the end result and then hook rate with video average play time can help do that these are really short videos so the video average play time is all really low um and that's fine but in some scenarios you will get more uh interesting and more revealing data in these two columns if we running video ads we will also take a look at hook rate and combine that with the clicky rate link clicks remember okay so if we scroll over to our CTR and we see that certain ads have a better a really good hook rate but say a lower CTR so let's say they' got a hook rate of over 10% but a CTR of lower than 0.5% which is really quite a low CTR um for link clicks then that might tell us that the ad is engaging it's grabbing people at the beginning but people aren't convinced enough to go ahead and click once they've watched the video ad so there might be two fixes for that either you just need to improve your Auer like the ad got their attention they were interested it was engaging but they got the offer they understood what it was and they were like I'm not really interested in this that could be a possibility or it could be that there's just not enough proof that you can deliver on what your promise is so if we ran an ad for our Facebook advertising services for example and we put something really engaging in the front and got a really good um hook rate but we weren't getting a lot of clicks it might be like okay we're putting this in front of say cold audiences they don't believe that we can deliver the results that we're talking about therefore we need to show more proof in our case we need to show more testimonials screenshots of client accounts things like that so that might be another way to fix it so you can diagnose okay we've got people to this stage but if they're just not clicking through they're not they're either not interested enough in the offer or they don't believe we can deliver on the promise well enough so that's what we then need to address in the next video ads that we create try and put in more proof or try and improve the offer so we can increase that click-through rate that might be something that we look to to diagnose in this scenario we've got decent click-through rates um on all three of these video ads it's not as um revealing in fact the click-through rates correlate somewhat with the hook rate so that doesn't really indicate that this is a problem in this scenario but I'm just trying to run you through example scenarios of what might happen there and when we might make that change so leaving hook rate behind um another metric that we might look at in conjunction with how everything's performing would be clickthrough rate so if we take a look at our clickr rate and we see it's good anything above 1% is decent if you're getting over say 2% you're doing really well remember this is link clicks not um all clicks uh because of very different things so let's say we're getting a good clickthrough rate a 1.5 click-through rate or something for something really solid um but we're not people aren't actually converting so let's say we're advertising an e-commerce uh business we're advertising products directly and we're getting a conversion rate from people who have clicked to be able to convert that's like .7% anything under 2% would normally be considered on the core aside for uh for an e-commerce business although again that can vary massively um then that tells us that the landing page isn't doing the job then it's not an ads issue at all the ad if it's a video ad it got them to engage it got them to click if it's an image ad it got them to click through um and they're just getting to the landing page and they're not taking the next step could be because the landing page isn't congruent enough could be because on the landing page there's like a shipping fee that people didn't expect it could be because there's not enough proof not enough testimonials and reviews and things like that of of the product service to get them to take the next step but it helps us diagnose okay this is the issue good click-through rate but bad overall results there's a good chance that um that's because the landing page isn't doing its part of the job and isn't doing as well as it could be now of course you have to run these things through a common sense filter because you could have an ad that is like engagement bait almost um designed to get people to interact with it gets lots of clicks but you're not really promoting the product or service in its entirety or properly in the ad and therefore doesn't convert that's not really the landing page is because there's not enough congruity between the ad and the landing page in that sort of scenario so you do need to run all these things through a common sense filter um but hopefully that's a good framework of a few examples there of like okay if this happens might be because of this if this doesn't happen it might be because of this and you can go about optimizing and working on the things that are the constraint of your sales funnel improving those and hopefully getting better results and I just want to reiterate that you don't want to optimize in the first instance for metrics like cpms uh cpcs even hook rate uh clickthrough rates things like that in the first instance you want to be optimizing based on your cost per conversion or your return on ad spend and that's because some of the times these metrics they won't correlate so you might have row ass numbers that like we showed an example here with the hook rate being 16% for one ad versus 10% for another ad but the 16% hook rate ad is producing a more expensive cost per purchase than the um 10% uh hook hook rate ad so sometimes they won't correlate and there are all sorts of reasons for that so let's take C cpms for example so that's cost per thousand Impressions some advertisers will optimize for the lowest cpms thinking cheaper Facebook ads it's like right but your cpms are going to be more expensive if your ads are being put in front of higher quality audiences because other advertisers want to reach them that's why they're more expensive to advertise to Facebook ads operates with an auction system the more uh demand there is for certain individuals to have ads put in front of them the more you are going to pay to reach them and guess what high net worth individuals business owners a lot of people that you want to be advertising to they're going to cost more to advertise to so you might see a high CPM but you might convert a lot better because these people are a better quality audience uh likewise with click-through rates an image ad will very often get a better click-through rate than a video ad because it's so easy and quick and simple to consume and particularly if there's any curiosity around it people to click through but maybe they don't convert as well once they get to the landing page because there's there wasn't the video ad there to help them convert to help convince them to buy the product or service whereas with the video ad less people go through it so less people click but you've laid a lot of the groundwork and the foundations to help get people to the point where they're going to be um ready to convert so don't optimize for those use those to understand what's going on and then inform your future ad creation is there a discrepency between link clicks and landing page views yes big one okay have we got an issue with campaign setup I we using traffic campaigns and our ads are being shown on the Audience Network or um is there an issue with the landing page load speed okay are hook rates really good average play time is rubbish right so that Hook's good but we need to fix the rest of the video out average play time is good hook rate's good but CTR is low okay people don't like the offer or there's not enough proof so you can go through these things and based on what you see you pair these secondary metrics you get a picture and that can help um inform and I know that's all a little bit bitty and can be a bit confusing but hopefully you've uh grabbed some some helpful things there right one other thing I want to go through um as part of analysis I think it's really really useful is looking at the chart data Cu uh Matt has done a really good job I think of giving us more information that's going to help us improve our results so if we click alongside this uh this ad up here the one that's had most of the spending got most of the conversions and then once we've uh selected it we can go ahead and click on view charts right so we can see basic data like you know 60 website purchases £25 each ,00 spent on it so you can see it's relatively short time frame this has run for um and then we can go down and see some really interesting demographic data so you can see that advertising this Facebook ads Mastery offer um it is 83% mail which is really quite High um and the cost per result was better um advertising to men now I wouldn't necessarily use this data and then go and change our targeting settings but what I might do is change the messaging on future ads so 83% is probably not quite enough for us to be like specifically speaking to men in our ad copy but if that was 93% I'd be like we probably want to directly make it very clear and I'm sure you've seen ads that directly speak to him directly speak to men directly speak to all different groups of people um in their copy because that could help improve our performance with that group yes it will put off a a different subsection of people but if we're already getting the vast majority of results from one subsection you know this could be gender it could be age it could be all sorts of things right um then you might want to go ahead and uh and make that change platform data is also really interesting you can take a look at you know reach is slightly higher on Instagram versus Facebook but you can see that 36 results generated from Facebook purchases 24 from Instagram with a similar amount spent so shows that Facebook is significantly better performer for uh this offer I was say for my business but that's not necessarily true across the board uh for this offer specifically SC down we can see all the ad previews and stuff um see this is a Facebook ads Mastery ad and then we get down to this and I think this for video ads is absolutely fantastic so this shows the drop off as people are going through um the video ad what they're seeing and you can see it in time with with what's going on like how many people made it through to 75% how many people made it through to various percentages but I actually think the line is the most useful and what you'll see here I think is really valuable is where do you get more of a drop off than you might expect and where do you get less of a drop off than you might expect so this is kind of smaller Hopey we can see it zoomed in so between 13 seconds and 14 seconds if it moves over you can see if I move my cursor right the way there's there's a bit more of a dip just down there the same happens between where are we uh same happens between 10 seconds and 11 seconds there's like just this little bit more of a dip than if that curve was was going along so that shows me that whatever we're doing in that second specifically not so great maybe we don't do that next time cuz people aren't as interested okay whereas there are other parts that are completely flat so if you look between 8 seconds and 10 seconds that's basically completely flat you can see 6% of people are making it between those time frames so whatever we've got there is great people are really liking that they're sticking around and then there be other flat section I mean this section even goes up right so we've got here between 14 seconds we've got 4% and 15 seconds it actually goes up to 5% now that may not be correct that might be because this is as you can see at the bottom still in development it might be not right but that might show that okay that part's really like absolutely that part is great um that's holding people so you can really get into the data here and you can see like you know there's obviously always going to be a big drop off at the beginning but if you go through an analyze the various sections particularly obviously with video ads you can see okay do less of the stuff that gets people to stop watching more of the stuff that holds people's retention and that's going to increase your average play time and most likely uh improve your results cuz if more people watch the video more people make it to the end more people click on the link more people go ahead and purchase become a lead Etc so spend a little bit of time in this not just looking at the demographic platform data but also if you've got a video ad really digging into um this information here I think it's it's really valuable so hopefully that is helpful when it comes to analyzing your Facebook ads and improving your results if it is please go ahead and subscribe just takes half a second and I will see you on another video very soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenHeath [7 likes]: Get personal Meta Ads feedback from me (live) for less than $60 per session:
👉 https://www.skool.com/benheath/about
Let my agency run your Meta ads for you:
👉 https://heathmedia.co.uk/done-for-you/
  2. @sheikhmudassir7193: What is the formula for Hook Rate?
  3. @bdc-muzik: Those bugs are maddening
  4. @JeffreyColemanMc-x3w: 👍
  5. @verdeath2657: thanks!
  6. @Alim.alHakim: Help me understand, I have a 16% unique link click-through ratio, am I tripping or....
  7. @yarahikal4249: This was really helpful. Thank you!
  8. @rorisangkhadienyane6095: This is an amazing video. I'm a beginner but I have learned so much. Advice, as a beginner, watch Meta Ads beginner video (" How to create Mets Ads") first before coming here for better contect and understanding metrics better.
  9. @gavinwiener: 14:15 

So would it be correct in saying...if we're driving them to a call or webinar (where the sale happens on the backend), we're going to optimise for cost per result (which would be an opt-in, call booked, or registration for example)

(We just might have to push that data back using Meta CAPI)

But then again, couldn't you push back a "Purchase" event as well and optimise for Return on Ad Spend still?
  10. @JamTradings: Not sure if you'll see this but I've been enjoying your content and I just wanted to run this past you if possible please.

I have a product that makes around £5 if one of them sells. The sale price is £12.50 (plus £2.15 of free P&P if total order £20+) I had another meta ads youtuber (who I'm not going to name) tell me these are bad numbers and impossible to scale. Most I've had so far is 4 sales of a £30 ad spend and my account is still fairly new as am I to meta ads in general. My BEROAS is about 3.05 which I definitely wouldn't have said is bad but hearing that it is has kinda took the wind out of my sales. I've sold over 1000 of these on eBay and I felt like they would be a good product to kickstart my store. Not only that but a lot of my products sit around this profit so if they really are crappy numbers then it's not looking good for me lol any type of feedback is greatly appreciated
  11. @wisdomezeoguchannel: Thank you so much Ben. I’m subscribed already.

Your videos are void of ambiguity, truth-centered and easy to follow. Thank you once more.
  12. @duddukurikishore1305: Who are going to watch this video, I say one thing to you, 100 % it's a worth video to watch.
  13. @THEHVACSQUAD: any advice for HVAC business owners on how to advertise?
  14. @smiless101: Iam running fb ads and having 1.5%ctr with high link clicks but the conversion is zero why ?? Note : customer goes to whatsup business after clicking ads and that's my intention but no one messaging me why ?! I need help here urgently 😢
  15. @haleymcdonald197: Hi! I don’t see hook rate as an option. Also, it is normal to have very high CPMs when you first start off with a new ad account?
  16. @snigddhaphalke9856: THE video i was looking for! I am so glad i found this! I have struggling with analysis since some time now. Thanks a lot for this video Ben! 

I would really love to see a video like this on google search ads campaign performance analysis!
  17. @jamesh7395: Awesome, value content - thank you.
  18. @CasualCravers-fashion: more talk but no in hand teching
  19. @MusheghHakobyan-o7z: This was really helpful. Thanks man for making this video.
  20. @lucabongers-q1k6g: is this only sales or?

- Copy This Facebook Ads Strategy, It'll Blow Up Your Business (Post-Andromeda): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you the exact Facebook ad strategy that doubled one of our clients revenue and grew another from sub $100,000 months to $150,000 months, both within 30 days. First, I'm going to show you exactly how we set up the campaign. Then, I'm going to walk you through how to structure your creatives and give you a proper testing framework. And to be honest, this is where most people mess up, and it's actually the most important part. And then, at the end, I'm going to give you five creative types that I've seen are absolutely killing it. in all of our clients ad accounts right now. And here's the thing, we're well aware of Meta's new Andromeda update. The way we structure all of our clients ad accounts has completely changed. The algorithm now craves so much more volume and creative diversity than ever before. So, the strategy that I'm about to show you is built specifically for Facebook ads in 2025, this Q4. And I know this because my company makes thousands of creatives for brands just like yours every single month. We're not just talking theory here. This is exactly what we do for our clients in the agency. So, let's jump onto my computer and get into it. All right. So, now that we're into my computer, I just want to let you know that this campaign is going to be a prospecting CBO. We're going to be using only broad audiences. And we're going to be excluding all existing customers. And how we're going to be doing this is structuring around creative batches, not individual ads. And the reason for that is because each new batch will go into a new learning phase, not the entire campaign itself. And the goal of this campaign is strictly to find new winners. So what we're going to do is start with the sales campaign. We're going to leave all of this alone and we're going to be doing a campaign budget. Like I said, this is a CBO. The next thing we're going to do is go to the ads set and we want to go here where we have show more controls. And then we're going to click on this right here that says exclude custom audiences. And then here you're going to need to go in and exclude your previous purchasers. And then each ad set is going to be batchbased. So, you can name these however you like, but you could do this maybe batch number one and then the next one batch number two, batch number three. And I know that that wasn't super in-depth, but that's the point, right? It's not supposed to be hard to run your ads. Just remember CBO, under each ad set, go in and exclude your customers. And then underneath each ad set, we're going to be having anywhere from 15 to 30 creatives. So, of those 15 to 30 creatives, we want to break them down like this. We want to have three different angles per customer profile. And of those, we want to have five different creative types. So, let's just say as an example, I run a sleep aid supplement company and my customer profile is people who want to improve their sleep. The first angle I could take is people who have trouble falling asleep. The second angle I could take is people who wake up over and over in the middle of the night. And the third pain point or angle that I could take is people who have poor sleep quality or wake up in the morning still feeling tired from the night before. And then underneath these angles, we could have, you know, founder le VSSL, us versus them creative, social proof and reviewbased creative, etc., etc. And then what we typically find when we structure our campaigns this way and when we structure our adsets this way is of these 15 creatives that we're testing, we have an extreme diversity of angles, but we also have an extreme diversity in the types of the creatives that we're doing. And this is perfect for Meta's new algorithm because let's say that in angle one only creative type one and two work. And in angle two, nothing works. And then in angle three, you only have one creative type that works. Now you know something and you can continue to create a ton of creative volume around these things that you know and understand while simultaneously still going in and testing many new angles just like this. And the reason that we like to test with the CBO and the campaign structure is extremely simple is because the CBO is unforgiving. It doesn't care what ad you think is going to work. You're giving each ad an equal opportunity to get spend in the campaign. So every single week, week over week, you're adding new winners into your ad account. After you launch your campaign, you're going to have 7 days to analyze performance. Essentially, you're just going to do three things. First, you're going to identify above target performers. So, of those 15 creatives that we launched, how many of them are above your target rorowaz or your target CPA or whatever KPI you're optimizing for? And then once you've identified your above target performers, there's really two different routes that you could take. You could graduate your winners into a scale campaign with a very similar setup, or you could just vertically scale your CBO and continue adding volume to this campaign. If you don't spend tons of money, 5, 10, $20,000 a day on Meta. I would say just keep it simple. Consolidate everything into one campaign. You don't need to over complicate things. But, you know, if you want to get fancy and you're a more experienced media buyer, um, you could throw together an ASC campaign and graduate your winners into that and vertically scale that one. And then third, and most important, you need to continue testing new concepts. So, now that you understand exactly how to structure your campaign, how to structure your adsets, and how you should be structuring your creative test, I'm going [music] to give you a few of my favorite types of creatives. And if you start testing with these and those five or six creatives per angle within those ad sets, I promise you are going to find winners. This is going to work like a charm. If you follow these exact creative types, so the first one is going to be problem solution ads. The idea behind this is that you're going to agitate a painoint and then [music] solve it. And this does work for both statics and VSSLs, but I already have a couple VSSLs on here. So, I would recommend doing these as statics if you're going to follow this video to an absolute tea. And the reason why this works is because people are buying solutions, not products. Come on, guys. It's 2025. A white background product shot is not going to cut it anymore. And I like this one as an example. This is actually a creative that we made because obviously if you've ever taken powdered creatine before, you know it's an awful experience. And this simple line of text right here absolutely hits home and nails on that emotion of how bad of an experience taking powdered creatine really is. And then obviously we provide the solution right there. The second creative type and guys I need you to listen to me for this one is founderled VSSLs. This says founder story VSSLs. Just take it as any VSSL with you as the founder. If you can properly speak to your ideal customer, if you are able to communicate with them effectively, you have to be making founder VSSLs, this is by far the best creative type to run. So you can run anything with a personal narrative from you why you built the company. Or you could even just run any creative that you already have some verified messaging from previous VSSLs or UGC scripts and you can absolutely just film that yourself. This is 100% the highest converting format for every new brand that we work with. And because it just comes off extremely authentic, you build tons of authority and connection with your audience. And this creative is probably the number one best creative that you can run because this works for way more than the KPIs that you're going to see in the ad account as well. This is just massive for your [music] brand. The next one, and this is my personal favorite because it's just really easy and it works extremely well, is going to be social proof ads. So, any reviews, any testimonials, any UGC review style content that you have, such lowhanging fruit, so easy to do. You can literally just do exactly what this one does. Take a review off your website, throw it on a picture with a product of yours, and this is just going to kill in the middle of your funnel. Everybody's been scammed on Meta. Nobody trusts any brand anymore. It's super easy to just get over the hump, have your customers trust you, and it's just going to do volumes for you in the middle of your funnel. So, the next one is us versus them ads. And I know guys, this is not rocket science here, but I do want to include it. If you have any problem solution product or if you have any innovative solution in your niche, this is just also super easy, lowhanging fruit. You can really play on people's fear or emotions like we did with this one. Everybody knows energy drinks have tons of fear about them. This is also a client creative. Um, everybody always talks about fake sugar, jitters and crashes, whatever. Super easy. I don't really need to get too into that one, but this is definitely another good type of creative. Another one that I really love, and I will preface this by saying this probably has the highest degree of difficulty, is prospecting VSSLs. want to keep these very story driven and with broad audience appeal. [music] And the goal of this is to take someone who's never heard about your brand and maybe never even heard about your product and turn them into a buyer. So, this is the old like OG format that we used to use. Obviously, I'm not going to say that formats are tried and true anymore when the real meta now is just absolute creative variation and tons of creative diversity. But if you don't already have a creative like this in your ad account, I would 100% recommend you try it. [music] First, start out with a very emotional and thoughtprovoking hook. Then get into storytelling. This is usually going to be, I don't know, 3 to 10 seconds long. This is going to be somewhere like 10 to 30 seconds long. And in the storytelling, again, you want to make it very personal, like a personal experience or something. And you don't need to necessarily reveal your product, but you can go into talking about the problems or things like that. Then you want to get into unique mechanism problem and unique mechanism solution. And I can scroll back up and use this creatine gummy for example again for this. So the unique mechanism problem in the creatine industry is obviously chalk. It tastes like bad. I don't want to say cuss words. Then the unique mechanism solution is obviously the gummy. So that's just an extremely simple, easy way for me to explain what that means. Essentially, it means all the other products in your niche, highlight what's bad about them, and then highlight the key differentiating factor between you and the other products. Then after that, these are super simple, just risk reversal and testimonials. Risk reversal is like, you know, 30-day money back guarantee or, you know, free shipping, free returns, something like that. And then also testimonials. The testimonial section is key and you want to try to address any objections in the testimonial section. So, for example, if people have like a big question about your product, you want to answer that in the testimonial section. Like maybe if you're in apparel or hat brand or whatever, how does the product fit? Things like that. In your testimonial, you could say, "Oh my gosh, it's the perfect fit." Blah blah blah. If you're in, you know, I don't know, some certain supplement company, if there's like a very key thing that a lot of customers have, like a key question that they have, you want to address that in the testimonial section. Because if you've gotten them all the way hooked, they listen to your entire story. They listen through all of this and all this. The last thing that could get them over the hump is speaking to their exact pain point. [music] And there are common pain points that you can find in Reddit threads, Amazon reviews, your own reviews, competitor analysis in their comment section. This is where you address all of those objections. And I said, like I said before, why this works is because it turns completely unaware scrollers into buyers. And again, I do want to preface that this is probably the highest degree of difficulty of all the creatives that I showed here, but when done correctly, one of these can pull six figures in spend, and we've created multiple of them that have done exactly that. The next one is going to be offerbased ads. I know that this is very simple, but also another thing that I want to point out is not just offer-based ads, but something that is removing price objections upfront. So, this is another client of ours. this is a fairly expensive product and an objection that we were having or a trend that we were seeing is as they came and saw the price the conversion rate on the website was really bad even though they'd done a lot of CRO um and the website was good. So what we did is we essentially started addressing price objections in the funnel. Um and these are middle of funnel creatives but what this did was we raised the conversion rate without doing any extra work on the website because people were aware that they could use um buy now pay later layer options on the website. So I hope that was valuable for you. If you made it to the end of the video comment 3D in the comments below. If you have any questions just leave them there. And remember a brief summary guys. We're going to run one CBO. For every ad set, we're going to put 15 to 30 creatives in there. [music] And then of those 15 creatives, we're going to do three angles. And then of those three angles, we're going to do five to six different types of creatives. So, the goal of setting up your campaign that way is again creative diversity because of the new Meta Andromeda update. And again, like I said, we do run a creative agency. So, if you don't want to do all this stuff yourself, just click the link below. There's a link to our website. There's like a 15 to 20 minute video on the website where I explain exactly how we do what we do. And there's also a bunch of case studies and testimonials there as well. So, hope you guys enjoyed it. Don't forget to subscribe and comment 3D in the comment section below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jaredirobinson [10 likes]: My company helps DTC brands build creative pipelines & a profitable meta sales channel through FULLY DFY creative production & media buying.

If you are interested in learning more about what we do, click here: https://www.donglobalsolutions.com/home
  2. @ToneAudio.official [1 likes]: Why do you use fake comments bro? The only reason that i didn’t want to keep watching your video and didn’t trust when i saw those all fake comments!!
  3. @easyweb305: 3d
  4. @lumoborteidoku: 3D! 
I learned a lot here, and thanks for confirming my suspicions about founder-led ads
  5. @Back2Beautypro: Very detail and appreciated! ❤
  6. @jameskivuva6715: 3D
  7. @Onewayout77: I think there’s a mode now that ai can handle the budget by its self 😭on meta
  8. @jamesdavidmurphy1: 3d
  9. @JairaRoxas-f4i: Ver. 1
Hey ,
Quick question. Are you already working with a video editor right now?
If not, I’d love to help out and see if I can make things easier on your end.

If you want a slightly more casual one, here’s another option:
  10. @ChuckAshley-dw3vu: 3D
  11. @ryancmcleod: 3d
  12. @urushi9370: 3d!
  13. @moritzasche3060: Do I increase the spend of the CBO campaign when launching new Test batches?
  14. @moodychaplin: 3D. Thanks!
  15. @seank2793: Ughhh wish someone makes local ads version, same concept but definitely different
  16. @adriansthill380: 3D
  17. @ChikinCoopMusik: 3D
  18. @Mayank-ai-DS: Honestly, the exact funnel you sketched out is what I’ve been dialing in for several merch clients this year—every ad copy tweak from the lift to the clone stage was built on the same process. I’ve got the tools and data stack fed in, the budget’s already in place, and the only thing I constantly miss is a partner who can’t stop chasing the next creative win. If that feels like you, I'd love to see what we can amplify together. 🚀
  19. @krysttonjhonatan: Very nice video bro, congratulations for content, win +1 registered !
  20. @Leo_Seliger: 3D - absolutely love your content bro. Already learned so much from you🙏🏻🙏🏻

- 7 Effective Marketing Strategies for 2026 (TIPS, TRICKS & TACTICS): Kind: captions Language: en - Hey there, my friend, Adam here. Today, I wanna share with you seven marketing secrets or marketing hacks or marketing tricks, essentially things that nobody's really talking about. Not even me that often. And it's because they're a little more complicated and a little more nuanced than the quick hits that we often get when it comes to social media, things like post at this time, or adapt your content for this algorithm tweak or use this kind of font or this kind of color or all of those things. What I'd rather do is get to the core of why your marketing may not be working as well as you want. And even if it is working okay, understanding the seven things that I'm gonna be walking you through here today will allow you to immediately upgrade all of it. Get better results, more clicks, more traffic, more sales from everything you do. And not only that, probably the most important thing that I could ever give you is to show you how to think about your marketing, how to process different marketing strategies and basically the crazy stuff that goes on inside my head when I'm evaluating different marketing tactics and tools and resources and all of that. So my goal here today is as ambitious as it is, is to try to pack seven secrets and seven hacks into a very short period of time, so that you're gonna be able to watch this. And you're going to be able to extract these little golden nuggets and apply them to your business, to your client's business, to whatever it is that you're doing. And it starts right now. So the very first thing that we need to talk about is kind of what ends up happening when someone says, "Hey, my marketing's just not working. Like, it's just nothing's happening. No one's clicking. No one's watching my stuff. The algorithm isn't pushing it or promoting it to people. Nothing's working." It's something that I hear all the time. I see it in the comments below very common. 90% of the time, it's because they're just not doing enough marketing. It's just a question of volume. It's a question of quantity, not so much quality. So let me explain. I don't know who's to blame for this one. Maybe it's the get-rich-quick things. Maybe it's all of the courses and the programs that promise that you can become a millionaire in 30 days with no work or whatever it is. But for some reason, when people think about marketing, they think that all they need to do is make a Facebook ad or an Instagram ad or post one video on YouTube and they'll just blow up and become the next viral sensation and everything will just work out miraculously well, and, seriously, I wish this was the case. That'd be amazing, but it's not, right. It's like marketing is just a business function. I'm gonna make this sound horribly boring, but it's like accounting or finance or legal aspects of a business or HR or sales or whatever it is. They're all just different business functions, which means that they require time. They require energy. They require money and investment in them in order to get them to work. Now, what ends up happening is most people will make one post on social media. It won't get the traction. And then they'll swear off that platform. So they'll hop over here, try out Twitter now and make a couple tweets. Nobody engages. So they say, "Well, Twitter doesn't work," and they'll make a YouTube video. And then that won't take off and they get frustrated and they get angry because it's just not working when the reality is, they probably just haven't done enough. And that's why the first concept, the first sort of hacker secret is identifying the marketing sweet spot. So in the most rudimentary art drawing class ever, let me show you exactly what I mean by marketing sweet spot. And you can see where you fall and where the vast majority of businesses fall. And if you find yourself in this position, you know that the answer is to keep on pushing through. It's not to dial back. It's not to pivot. It's not to do anything like that. It's just to keep going forward. So lemme show you what that looks like. So I want you to imagine for a second, a bell curve, kind of like the traditional bell curve. Of course, that'll be the, there we go. We'll get some ink flowing here. So this is our bell curve, our ugly, ugly bell curve. And it's gonna have three different sections. Now over here on the left, this is what you're going to call the minimum effective dose. So the MED, the minimum effective dose. Essentially, what ends up happening here is until you're in this range, nothing you do matters. It's about sort of making that one post on social media that someone sees one time and then that's it. And then you wonder why it's not working. It's about spending $5 on Facebook ads or Instagram ads and not getting immediate sales and then sort of swearing off the entire online advertising system and that, but the reality is we just haven't hit There's not enough momentum. There's not enough touch points. There's not enough exposures and reach and engagement with the audience that you're trying to reach. And we're gonna talk about that one in just a second, but this is where 90% of businesses fall as they sit around here in this minimum effective dose kind of half committing to different strategies, and then wondering why nothing's working and the answer here, the solution is, again, you've got to push through, you've got to move up here. And this is the sweet spot. This is where you're going to find sort of the saturation of your market. You're going to be hitting the number of touch points that are required. Again, we'll talk about that in just a second. You're going to be making sure that the people that you want to reach are actually seeing your content. You're gonna make sure that you've essentially saturated everything that you can. Now, the reality is this sweet spot is huge, massive, massively huge. Like when we're thinking about your business, your market or your industry, these are huge, huge industries, billions and billions of dollars. So unless your business is doing a billion dollars a year or more, there's more that you can do. It's crazy when I hear about someone that thinks that, "Well, look, I'm already posting once a day on Instagram," or, "I'm already making one YouTube video a week," or, "I've got a podcast. I'm pretty much maxed out. There's nothing else I can do." And they're sitting at around, say a million bucks a year, and they're in, let's use health and fitness. So if you're in, let's say the health and fitness industry, this massive multi-billion dollar industry and your business is doing a million a year, two million a year, a hundred grand a year, whatever it is, you haven't even scratched the surface for what you're capable of doing and for the amount of people that you could reach. So you could go from one post a day to five posts a day. You could make one video on YouTube a week to one video on YouTube a day. You could do two videos a day. You could start other channels. You could have other podcasts. There's so much that you can do. Now, of course, at some point, you're going to reach this third area, which is diminishing returns, biminishing returns. There we go, D for diminishing, diminishing returns. There's gonna be some point where eventually more money, more effort, more time isn't gonna pay off, but I can't even begin to tell you of all of the businesses I've worked with over the last 10 years, the tiniest fraction falls in here. And typically it's when they're spending like a million dollars a month on ads and they simply can't get in front of more people with their ads. So they're doing blogging, they're doing podcasting, they're doing SEO. They're running Google ads and Facebook ads and Instagram ads and all that. The biggest example here is if you're running some kind of search-based PPC, pay-per-click advertising, like a Google search ad. At the end of the day, you can't make people search for more stuff. So you can max out. But again, you can make that broader. You can go for discovery ad platforms like Facebook and Instagram, where you can put things in front of people that may potentially be interested. There's a lot of ways. So the reality is, let's find a bright, happy, colorful marker. This is where we're going for, this sweet spot here. Like everybody is down here in this sort of minimum effective dose. They haven't even scratched the surface for what's possible. And then they're wondering why their marketing is not working. The best piece of advice of everything that I could give you here is, really, you just have to do more. Now, of course, you need to be strategic. You need to think through it. That's what the rest of this is going to be about, but more is your answer. So on that note, how much more? And that leads me to the marketing rule of seven. Now, depending on your business or market or your industry, depending on if you're selling something for low-dollar value or high-dollar value, it's kind of universally agreed that for somebody to make a purchase decision, for someone to take action and actually buy from you, they need around seven touch points, which means seven engagements, seven interactions with your brand. You can't simply put something in front of them one time, expect them to buy and then call it a day. You're gonna have to do this multiple times, seven. Now, if it's expensive, it's gonna be seven to 14. If it's significantly cheaper, like you're selling a pack of gum for 99 cents or something, you probably don't need seven touch points. One should be sufficient, but that rule of seven is important because it forces you to not give up too early. It's just like when you're looking at these statistics around sales and you realize that most conversions, most closes for sales happen after like five rejections or five follow ups, five emails, five extra calls. It's rarely, pretty much never, the first time. Same thing goes with marketing. A bit of a side note here, but marketing is kind of selling one to many, sales is one to one, marketing, one to many. So we use the same concepts, the same strategies, all of that with sales. But I like to think of marketing as a little more exciting and a little more challenging even because instead of trying to convince one person at a time and overcome their objections and their fears and their concerns, we have to do this on mass and we have to do it without really getting much feedback from our market. So rule of seven, that's important. Now, how do we do this? Well, we do this by showing up in front of our ideal target market where they're present and active, which means that we need to be selective about what social media platforms we're going to, about what kind of content we're creating, about where we're putting that. And we need to make sure that it's in alignment, not only with you and your content style and what you like doing, hate doing, but also where your people are. In fact, that's the most important element. There's no point on being on Twitter or Pinterest or TikTok or Instagram or YouTube if your people aren't there. So you've gotta find out where they're present and active online, and then you've got to make it your mission to follow up and to make sure that you're consistently showing up in front of them with value, with content, and with offers. So that's the marketing rule of seven. Now the next point is more of a psychological phenomenon, more of a mental hack that you can use. I've talked about this a ton on this channel here, but it's called the mere exposure effect and what the mere exposure effect is, is a psychological phenomenon that says we, as people, as humans, we associate frequency with trust. So the more often that we show up in front of people, the more often that they see us, the more they know us, the more they like us and the more that they trust us. This kind of stems back to caveman days, where if we saw something enough times and it didn't try to kill us or eat us, we assumed it was safe. Well, all of that programming, all of that evolution is carried forward to today. So now when we see things again and again and again, we naturally start to like things more because we're familiar with them. They're less scary and, therefore, we're more likely to trust them. So this is why the marketing rule of seven is so important. This is why following up is so important. This is why making sure that you've got a solid email marketing strategy in place is paramount. It's crucial. Probably the second most important thing I could offer here, the first one is to make sure that you get out of that minimum effective dose zone and into the sweet spot, by doing more. The second probably most valuable piece of advice I could give you is to make sure that you're doing some kind of email marketing and you're doing it more than you think. So for some weird reason, there's this rule, this gospel in the marketing world, that you should send one marketing email a week at most, maybe one a month, 'cause you don't wanna bother people. Garbage. It's absolute garbage. There's plenty of businesses and industries where you could send one email every three days, you could send one email a day. There's some businesses and companies that I've consulted for and done work with and own and have stake in that do two emails a day and it works. People don't get angry, they don't unsubscribe. You've just got to know who your market is. At the very least, however, I'd say that you should be shooting for three emails a week, kind of at minimum. Otherwise, again, you're not going to have the chance to establish yourself and to take advantage of all of those touch points and the marketing rule of seven and the mere exposure effect. And that leads me perfectly to the next kind of secret, which is that you really wanna go deep rather than broad. So let me tell you what is probably my biggest pet peeve when it comes to marketing. And that's whenever I ask somebody, "Well, who's your target market?" And they say, "Everyone," or "People with money," and that's amazing. That'd be great, but there's like eight billion people on the planet. And I promise you, you don't want all of them. Even if they all wanted to do business with you, some of them are just terrible, terrible fits for your business. So why don't we rein that in a little bit. And even if we were to say separate men and women, well, now, we're down to like four billion or then we separate to this country. Now we're down to like a hundred million and then maybe this area, now we're down to 30 million. I mean, still, we're gonna wanna carve that down to a significantly lower number, someone that you're going to be able to connect with on a deeper level. So the easiest way to do this is to take a look at yourself and your business. Now I appreciate you are not your customer. You know things that they don't know, you have experiences that they don't have. However, most people, when it comes to business, they're solving a problem that they had at some point. They're solving something that they know about, that they care about, that they want to share and help other people. So you probably understand a little bit about your situation and what they're going through, and, therefore, you're more likely to attract people similar to you. It's another kind of same reason that if you are a personal brand or a coach or consultant or someone like that, you tend to attract people, give or take 10 years around your age. So if you're 30, you'll attract like 20 to 40. If you're 40, you'll attract 30 to 50, whatever it is. There's like this 20-year sliding scale, 10 years on each side that tends to work, that can balloon out a little bit here and there. But on average, you'll find most of your people fall in that range. Again, it's just because you relate to them better. You know the words that they use, you grew up in the similar time, you have the same references, all of that stuff. But the point is you want to go deep here and you wanna make better connections with fewer people than these superficial surface level connections with a ton of people. The big reason here is because when you go broad, when you go after everybody, you're forced to naturally water down your message. It becomes more vanilla, it becomes more bland. And it has to, because if you are being specific about someone's unique pains and unique problems, well, it wouldn't be appealing or interesting to, like, everybody else. So, therefore, you have to make it broad. And when you're broad, you're boring and everybody just ignores you. And you sound like 99% of the other businesses and marketers out there saying the same things, like we offer higher quality and we offer better service and all of that stuff that everybody's heard a million times before and they're completely blind and deaf to. So the best way to solve this is to move on to our next point here, which is that you need an ICA. ICA is marketing talk for ideal customer avatar. I'm not completely strict on this exact fictional representation of your ideal customer. And you've got to give them a name and a hair color, and they've got to wear this kind of shoes and listen to this kind of music. I don't think that's necessary. It's helpful at times, what I think is more important is that you get really clear around the commonalities, the common characteristics that your top customers, your top clients, your top audience members have in common. And we typically divide this into three different categories. The first of which being demographic. So what's their age, their gender, their income, their occupation, their title, all of those stereotypical marketing things that we associate. Number two, what are their geographic details? What city, state, province, country, where do they live? Number three, they're psychographic details. This is all of the head stuff. And this is where the bulk of your ICA should really be formed. So what are their values, their attitudes, their interests, their beliefs, their organizations, their political affiliations, their lifestyles, things that make them them. After all, we often want to group people into these broad buckets, like men or women or this age or that age. But the reality is depending on what product or service you sell, you may have a wide range of that. And it may be more problem based. On the other hand, you may also have multiple different ICAs, ideal customer avatars. That's cool too. I'm all right if you've got like, look, we work well with women who are 20 to 25 and we also work well with men who are 40 to 45, but those two different ICAs are gonna have different pains and problems and fears and frustrations. We'll talk about that in just a second. So you can serve them both, but you need to serve them both with different messages. You simply can't appeal to them by using the same generic, broad, bland terminology 'cause you're just gonna turn the other one off by talking about things that are completely irrelevant to them. So you have an ICA, but make sure that it's specific and you can have multiple. And on that note, the way to dive into that is with the psychographic details of their values and attitudes and interests and beliefs. And I call that their miracles and miseries. So let me find my pen, and let's talk about that now. All right, so when it comes to creating your ideal customer avatar, when it comes to thinking about your audience, your clients, your customers, the money is, the value, the real results that you're going to get from your marketing come down to identifying their Now there's this great expression that I love that says customers don't buy when they understand, they buy when they feel understood. The way to make them feel understood is with this. So their miracles that's over here, that's all the things that they want, their needs, their desires, their dreams, all of the things that they wish would happen, the desired end state of where they're trying to get. And then of course, over here, you've got their miseries. These are their fears, their problems, their pains, their frustrations, all of the things that they're trying to get away from, at least in regards to your business and to your offer. You need to identify what these are and ideally drill down into which the most important and the most painful ones are. And then what the most desirable end states are, because then you're going to be able to position your business as the bridge that takes them from miracle, oh, here we go. Memo to self: I gotta buy some smaller tip markers, but that's it. This is your business right there. Your business's job, your offer, your product, your service, whatever it is that you sell, it's only mission is to move them away from their current state that they're in right now, that they don't want to be in, whatever that pain is, and towards the desired end state. And the better that you're able to communicate that, which is essentially the job of marketing, it's to communicate the value of what you have to them in regards to your offer, your product, your service. The better you're able to do that, the more likely you are to get somebody to take action and to actually buy from you and move them here. And this is where the conversions happen. It's right here. It's moving them away from miseries and towards miracles. And on that note, let's hit the next point here, which is a very cliched thing to say, but I wanna break it down a little bit more. There's this super cliched saying in marketing that says you want to sell the benefits, not the features or sell the sizzle, not the steak. The problem is, is that like most cliches, there's that element of truth to it that's absolutely the fact here, is like when it comes to marketing and to representing what it is that you're selling and what you're trying to promote, it's not about the features, it's about what those features are going to deliver through the benefits. That's what they're after. They don't care about features. They care about how those features are going to positively impact them. So yes, we can make a cursory mention of the features. We gotta highlight them. We'll talk about them. And we'll talk about kind of the flip side of that in just a second, but the real value is in the benefit. Now, one of my favorite examples and it kind of stems from like, "Hey, sell me this pen." Well, it comes down to, this pen doesn't actually have a pen cap, but we're gonna use that analogy anyway. It's sort of like, well, why does the pen have a pen cap or fictional pen cap? And the reason that this pen has a pen cap and the benefits it provides, that's what we wanna highlight. So the feature is a pen cap. The benefits is, well, it prevents you from getting ink all over yourself. And then of course we could elaborate on that. We could explain it a little further and so on. A bit of a side note, do you know why pen caps have like those tiny little holes? I dunno if you've got a pen around, you can find one, but like they've got those little holes on the pen lid, it's actually so if you swallow it, you don't choke to death. Random, hey. Anyway, the reason that benefits work significantly better than features, is because benefits are emotionally driven, and emotion is far more powerful driver than logic. It doesn't mean we can't have logic. It doesn't mean we shouldn't use logic. We absolutely should, but emotion is the money maker. That's what compels somebody to take action. When they feel it, like, deep down in their core, this is going to make my life better. This is going to help me achieve the goals that I want. This is going to increase my status. This is going to make me healthier or happier or wealthier or any of those intrinsic drivers that we have as humans, when we're able to properly communicate that, that's when conversions happen. That's when sales happen. Now here's the kicker. When you're first creating your marketing, whether it's through an ad or a sales page or a social media post or an email or anything like that, we always wanna highlight the benefits. And then of course, we're gonna talk about the features. But if for some reason, people don't convert, we flip it. And then the next time, we lead with features and we back up the benefits. And the reason that we do this is because we know that emotion is a significantly more powerful driver than logic, but logic still has a part. Not to mention, it's not that some people are, or it's not just that some people are more emotional than logical. We all know those people that fall on one end of the spectrum or another, but it's also that we, as people, we have days where we're more emotional or more logical. And within those days, we have hours where we're more emotional and more logical and there's situations and circumstances that you can't always control for, which is why we really want to cover our bases. We wanna, of course, lead with emotion, 'cause it's the most powerful driver, but we want to back it up with logic. The next time somebody interacts with us, if we tried emotion and it didn't work, we'll lead with logic and we'll back it up with emotion, and we'll kind of go back and forth. We'll sprinkle in social proof. We'll sprinkle in other forms of testimonials, we'll sprinkle in guarantees and risk reversals. We'll use all of the tools in our toolbox as marketers to get somebody to take action, knowing full well that we don't have control over where they're at right now in their current situation. And it's funny, I didn't actually plan this, but this actually kind of leads us full circle back to that beginning statement of minimum effective dose of you're simply probably not doing enough if you're not getting the results that you want. I mean, you can see here, when we look over the rule of seven and the mere exposure effect, we need to go deep. We need to have ICAs, talk about their miracles and miseries. We need to highlight benefits. And if that doesn't work, we go for the logical element. And then we go back to benefits. All of this is going to take time. It's gonna take energy, and it's gonna take investment in your marketing, which is why if you're at this stage right now where it's just not delivering the results that you want, you need to do more. Now of course, I'm not gonna leave you hanging with just that, which is why I'm gonna link up a video right here that's gonna show you a digital marketing strategy that's going to help. So make sure to check it out now, and we'll see you in the next video. Now the worst offense here is not having a marketing funnel or more accurately not thinking about your marketing funnel and instead, just hoping and wishing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [36 likes]: 🐙 Want my FREE step-by-step course?Just tap ‘LIKE’ 👍 and drop a quick comment below and I’ll send it your way. No catch, just pure value.
(And if you know someone who needs this, feel free to share it. They’ll think you’re a genius 😎)
  2. @BeingLoveth [1 likes]: As a beginner I understand things require time. I am starting to learn how to go live online to boost my confidence.
  3. @FrankieSnyder-w3u: Good time of day, how much time does it take to get a result?
  4. @outlaw1law2guns16: 3 year old vod talking about this year? Your an idiot...
  5. @leadnicely: Consistency is key 100%
  6. @DominiqueHarris-t9k: Can you answer, is there any formula that would calculate ineffective keywords?
  7. @JuliaFlatcher-v6v: Hello, can you tell me more effective ways to promote, not expensive?
  8. @IronBargeman-e2z: Interesting stuff, but my question is, can an account be blocked for any settings or lack thereof? I don't know what to do with the account anymore
  9. @RosamundGill: Can you tell me where to look for customer preferences? What are they buying now?
  10. @CamiJulissa: Helpful and informative 👍
  11. @Kinhdoanhlàmgiàu-v3v: thank for this valuable information
  12. @ORIXEMPIRE-y5r: Hi
  13. @TiberiaMihailescu: nice
  14. @AnttiLehtovaara: Perfect
  15. @BarbaraWard-n6y: Focus on understanding your customer's feelings about their problem, not just the problem itself, to truly connect with them. Consistency and delivering genuine value are the bedrock of any successful 2024 marketing strategy. Thanks for the actionable insights!
  16. @eirisgoy90: I really want ro watch your video, you did a great job. But my friend you talk too much. I had to stop your video and watch it another time.
  17. @skyperfai: Why this back ground music make me crazy can’t focus with your continent is it restaurants dinner time 🤦‍♀️
  18. @YNOT-eg3pj: This was amazing. I am going to use these tips to engage more students in my college counseling practice.
  19. @jasonthompson2121: Silver PRS and a Mesa goes hard
  20. @Jurissic: Hey! 3 emails a week is way too much

- How Creative Ads Make Brands More Popular: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Whether you're looking at your phone, your laptop, or the sky outside your window, it feels like you can't turn your head without your eyes falling on another advertisement these days. When a commercial pops up online, we're all pretty quick to click on the Skip Ad button, but today we're going to look at the exceptions to the rule. From death-defying game shows, to shocking publicity stunts, let's take a look at the ads that keep the customers watching, as we check out advertising that's on another level. (upbeat music) McAdvertisments. Ice cream is generally associated with a trip to the beach or a warm sunny day, so when McDonald's started marketing their cones in snowy Sweden, they had to think outside the box. Sweden has beautiful summers, but in the winter, it's another much colder story. This McAdvertisement uses this extreme environment to its advantage, featuring a giant plastic ice cream cone that gradually fills up with real snow, alongside text that tells the consumer it's never too cold for ice cream. It's certainly a unique approach, and if you threw a few sprinkles on that sundae, I'd scale the billboard and have a taste. The oversized ice cream isn't the only McDonald's dish that's appeared in an unlikely place. Zürich City Festival is one of Switzerland's largest annual events, and back in 2010, McDonald's converted a Swiss crosswalk into an ad for their world-famous fries, advertising their food to the hundreds of thousands of people that would attend the festival. The crispy crosswalk was positioned right outside a McDonald's, leading festival goers directly to the golden arches. Although, I'm not sure I'd want to eat fries after watching thousands of people trample all over them. Airborne Advertising. This next advert-publicity-stunt-hybrid was designed to shock consumers into paying attention. Check it out. (mellow music) It's a bird. It's a plane. It's movie advertising. New Yorkers are famously good at minding their own business, but when these human figures started to soar over the Big Apple, every cab driver, Wall Street banker, and tourist was left looking at the skies. Unsurprisingly, these flying creatures aren't real superheroes. They're human-shaped remote controlled planes created to promote superhero movie "Chronicle" back in 2012. "Chronicle" had a budget of just $12 million, but the marketing team's use of cheap publicity stunts meant that the movie flew straight to the top of the box office, grossing $126.6 million. Now I'm just waiting for all famous movie makers to adopt this approach. What I wouldn't give to see Spielberg, Scorsese, and Tarantino taking to the skies to advertise their new flicks. Molar Marketing. Colgate is all about clean teeth and fresh breath, so at annual events like Oral Health Month, the company typically give out free samples of their plaque-purging products. Unfortunately, crowds are never overly excited about the miniature tubes of toothpaste, so in 2009, the company decided to go in the opposite direction, handing out sweet treats to their customers. Giving out candy at Oral Health Month feels a bit diabolical, but all the sugary goods came with a secret message. When the consumers finished eating the free products, they discovered that the sticks carrying the candies were actually little wooden toothbrushes, all carrying the same message: "Don't forget". This mildly threatening note reminded customers to brush their teeth, and by trading dental floss for candy floss, Colgate managed to create a fresh advertising campaign that reached a large group of sweet-toothed customers. A Cut Above The Rest. There's only one thing professional soccer players like more than scoring goals: getting their hair cut. When Brazil's main soccer league Serie A banned alcoholic sponsorships on jerseys back in 2021, Brazilian beer brand Brahma had to think of a creative loophole to circumnavigate the rule. They decided to capitalize on soccer's love of hair, inventing a new hairstyle that resembled a glass of foaming Brahma beer, and marketing it to soccer fans on social media. The campaign is an example of guerrilla advertising, a marketing style that uses surprising and unconventional methods to promote a product. Remarkably, the haircut became so popular, Brazilian players started to wear it on the field, offering Brahma free advertising without breaking Serie A's rules and regulations. Getting your customers to advertise for you, now that's how you trim away any competition. Word in Mouth. Let's shift gears, cruising on from guerrilla advertising to a roadside billboard. An Austrian rest stop chain called Oldtimer managed to create a billboard that's impossible to avoid, turning an entire road tunnel into one gigantic advertisement. The ad makes drivers feel like they're heading straight into a hungry diner's mouth, promoting Oldtimer's all you can eat buffet, as the woman chows down on an endless supply of Fiat fries and Porsche pies. Fireworks Alfredo. This next advertisement is a New Year's billboard from Barilla, who said pasta la vista to 2010 by showing a cluster of spaghetti arranged to look like a New Year's firework. The simple, explosive ad appeared on bus stops and billboards, and campaigns like this earned Barilla a pretty penne, their $4 billion in annual revenue establishing them as the largest pasta company in the world. Killboards. From a tasty ad to one that's a little more gross, this next billboard from insecticide brand Orphea involves a collage of dead insects. When it first appeared in 2013, the advertisement looked blank, simply showing a can of Orphea's insect repellent. However, the advertisement was actually a giant fly trap, the blank surface being covered in a layer of transparent glue. As the hours and days went by, the lights around the billboard started to attract thousands of mosquitoes and flies, and as the insects hit the advertisement, their bodies completely changed the image, creating a dark spraying pattern out of the can's nozzle. According to Orphea, over 230,000 insects hit the billboard, putting a dent in Milan's insect population, and showing why products like Orphea's are necessary to keep the bugs at bay. I know that successful businesses need to make sacrifices, but I didn't realize sacrificing 230,000 flies was the key to corporate success. Real Life Sci-Fi. We've looked at a few innovative billboards so far, but this next piece of futuristic advertising comes straight out of a science fiction movie. Cities around the world are now boasting 3D billboards, hyper-realistic advertisements that have been heralded as the future of advertising. These billboards are used to promote everything from TV shows to technology, and no matter what they're displaying, the 3D animations are bound to stop people in their tracks. From the corner of the box-shaped billboard, the forced perspective causes this high-definition kitten in Tokyo to look ultra-realistic, purring at pedestrians as they walk below. However, if you approach the billboard from a different direction, that's one flat cat. Regardless, from the right angle, these awesome ads are pretty mind-blowing, and frankly, I'm happy to be hypnotized into buying and consuming endlessly if it's in fancy 3D form. Sneaky Sponsorship. FIFA is one of the biggest video game franchises in the world, so an advertising spot on one of their in-game virtual billboards can be pretty pricey, reportedly costing up to $500,000. Burger King decided they wanted to have their logos feature in the game without spending the big bucks, so the marketing team came up with an ingenious campaign to get the job done. Burger King sponsored the real-life jerseys of Stevenage FC, a tiny soccer team at the bottom of England's 4th division. Stevenage weren't a popular team, but they were featured in FIFA 20, meaning that when Burger King slapped their logo on Stevenage's real kit, their branding would automatically be found inside the game. They then introduced the Stevenage Challenge online, telling FIFA fans that if they scored a goal with Stevenage and shared it on twitter, they'd win a real edible reward on the Burger King app. The campaign was a whopper success, and Stevenage soon became the most played team on FIFA. Over 25,000 goals were shared online, and for the first time, Stevenage's jerseys sold out in real life. The marketing campaign cost Burger King just $50,000. The dollar-menu advertisement giving Burger King a huge amount of exposure and briefly making Stevenage the biggest team in online soccer. A Pixelated Problem. Next up we have an advertisement from the WWF. No, not those guys, the World Wildlife Fund, an international organization that aims to protect endangered animals. In 2008, they started a pixelated print campaign that looked like this. It might look like the video's buffering, but the number of pixels used in the images are the same as the number of individuals in the species that are still alive. These prints showcase giant pandas, Cross River gorillas, Ethiopian wolves, and Japanese golden eagles, and the more pixelated the image, the closer the species is to extinction. The touching campaign gave a new definition to the term guerrilla marketing, and today, giant pandas are no longer classified as endangered animals, meaning the vulnerable creatures can now be portrayed in a slightly higher definition. Makeshift Marketing. When it came time to hire a new in-house graphic designer in 2018, the City of Los Angeles came across a unique problem: who was going to design the job advertisement? Instead of paying for a freelance designer, the social media team decided to create the ad themselves, and this is what they came up with. The ad looks like it was made by a 7-year-old, but the city didn't just hang little Timmy's artwork on the fridge. They shared it to Twitter, and the job advertisement went viral online. It's unclear whether the ad was made by a child on Microsoft Paint, or a secret genius who knew exactly what they were doing, but the advertisement gained a ton of attention, and the city ended up receiving some pretty creative applications. If graphic design is these applicants' passion, I surely hope they didn't quit their day jobs. Creepy Commercials. A horror movie is only really scary if the viewer is totally immersed, but the marketing team behind the release of "The Ring Two" took the pursuit of realism a bit too far. In "The Ring", the characters watch a haunted videotape, and when the video ends, they receive a phone call from a ghostly voice, telling them that they're going to die in seven days. With the sequel, marketing consultancy New Media Maze played into this storyline, encouraging fans to visit a website and input a friend's email address and phone number. The site would then send that friend an email with a link to watch The Ring Two's trailer online. As the trailer played, the friend's phone would start to ring, and if they picked it up, a spooky voice would whisper, "Seven days." If someone pulled this trick on me, I wouldn't leave the house for weeks, but it turns out, the campaign caused a ton of movie goers to change out of their soiled pants and head straight to the cinema, with "The Ring Two" grossing $163.9 million on a $50 million budget. A Bloody Good Billboard. In 2020, the BBC advertised their adaptation of "Dracula" with a bloodcurdling billboard. In the day, the billboard showed a plain white background, stuck full of bloody wooden stakes. A glass box sat on street level, meanwhile, containing a single wooden stake, providing pedestrians with a weapon in case of vampires. Luckily for the citizens of England, vampires aren't real, right? Well, you can always count on the count to come out at night, and as the sun went down, a single light shone across the painstakingly positioned stakes, ingeniously creating the unmistakable shadow of a vampire. Looks like we might need that stake after all. Spanish For Sips. At first, this looks like an ordinary vending machine sitting on a busy street in Las Vegas. But whenever a pedestrian walks past, the vendor automatically offers them a free can of Corona's new hard seltzer lemonade, on one special condition. (machine speaking Spanish) This voice-activated machine accepts Españ-only, and if the customer tries to order in English, it immediately rejects them, asking them to repeat the order in Spanish. If they fail a few times, the machine offers them a free subscription to Duolingo, plus a language-learning app that allows them to learn enough Spanish to finally get their drink. The ad is a great way to pay homage to Corona's Mexican roots, though as soon as they've drunk a few of those hard seltzers, I'm willing to bet customers forget whatever Spanish they learnt. Coiled Campaign. Back in 2010, the marketing team at Copenhagen Zoo crushed it, creating an ad that's literally straight bussin. Sorry, I promise I'll never say that again. This isn't a shot from a new disaster movie, this is an advertisement for the zoo, showing a boa constrictor coiled around a city bus and squeezing it tight. As the bus snaked its way through Copenhagen's streets, it was bound to attract some attention, and Copenhagen Zoo went on to become one of the most visited locations in Denmark that year. Sssssssssssstellar work. Art-vertisement. Some of the advertising campaigns that we've looked at are arguably works of art, but these print ads by French eyewear store KelOptic belong in a gallery. The company showed a set of impressionist paintings, an art style that's famous for using dots and visible brush strokes to create distorted versions of realistic images. The advertisement shows somebody holding a pair of KelOptic glasses up to the painting, and when viewed through the lenses, the famous paintings appear hyper-realistic, the company using works from Van Gogh, Monet, and Seurat to show how their glasses can improve your eyesight and turn an impressionistic world into a 4K photo. Way to make an impression. Rob me if you can. Back in 2005, 3M gave a new definition to the term billboard, creating a reinforced glass box and filling it with 3 million in dollar bills. The glass was strengthened by a layer of 3M's extra-strong security film, and the company placed the box on a sidewalk in Vancouver, encouraging pedestrians to try and shatter the glass and take the money. Talk about trusting your product. 3M shared images of several pedestrians kicking at the safety glass, but the only things they broke were probably their toes, and the money remained untouched. It turns out, the marketing stunt didn't just use reinforced glass, it also used some smoke and mirrors. It's since been revealed that there was only $500 of actual money inside of the box, carefully placed on top of a stack of fake bills. Even though the stunt was cheap to produce, it seemed extravagant, and it led to a record number of orders for the security film and a few copycat campaigns that weren't as successful. - [Elon] Oh my God. Well, maybe that was a little too hard. - [Narrator] Sorry, Elon. Breaking the Mold. The meals shown in fast food advertisements are typically a long way away from the food that you actually pick up at the drive-thru. But In 2020, Burger King decided to break the mold, literally, starting an ad campaign that centered around images of a moldy Whopper. The TV commercial showed the burger progressively rot over the course of 34 days, before finishing with an important message, stating that the unappetizing mold is actually the beauty of no artificial preservatives. The fungal feast proves that Burger King uses natural ingredients in their whoppers, while simultaneously making fun of McDonald's, drawing attention to the famous rumor that a burger from Mickey D's will last forever without rotting. Just look at this 12-year-old McDonald's cheeseburger preserved in Iceland. I am not lovin' it. Although, associating food-based products with mold, I'm not sure I'm loving that either, BK. Gritty Gamers. To promote the launch of "Rise of the Tomb Raider" on Xbox One, Microsoft placed eight contestants on a huge billboard in London, putting them through a test that they called the Survival of the Grittiest. The contestants could leave the billboard at any time, but only the last remaining participant would take home a prize. A live audience on Twitch controlled the conditions on the billboard, subjecting the participants to artificially created blizzards, downpours, or sweltering heat. The advertisement created a lot of buzz around the new "Tomb Raider" game, and after 20 hours of survival, only one challenger remained. The champion was rewarded with a special vacation inspired by "Rise of the Tomb Raider". And while full details about the vacation's location were never released, if you've played "Tomb Raider", it doesn't sound like much of a reward. It's hardly a trip to the Bahamas. Two in One. With their plastic pens, lighters, and razors, French company Bic make a ri-bic-ulous assortment of products. Back in 2015, the company decided to shave some money off of the marketing budget, advertising both their razors and pens on one single ad. This guy's clearly fallen victim to a horrible prank, but he's got nothing to worry about, able to shave off his ballpoint beard with his trusty Bic razor. These advertisements appeared inside a magazine, and interestingly, they ran a page apart. This meant that as a reader flicked through the magazine, they'd pause on the second image, thinking that they were seeing the same ad twice. In theory, they'd then go back to the previous page, playing an impromptu game of spot the difference as they made sure that they weren't seeing things. This little bit of trickery is impressive, but in my opinion, they could've gone for a third. All they had to do to advertise their lighters was set the guy's hair on fire. Knock Off The Knock Offs. The world is full of thrifty sneakerheads, donning shoes from brands like Mike, Calvim Klain, and Abibas. Adidas decided to do something about the knockoffs, releasing a series of ads that highlighted how real Adidas sneakers are designed to offer you comfort and protection, unlike poorly made fakes. The company combined their famous three stripes logo with images of foot injuries, showing that if you wear fake sneakers, you're going to injure your feet, and when it comes to athletics, it's three stripes or you're out. Bright Ideas. British newspaper The Economist is all about serious journalism, but back in 2005, someone in their marketing department had the idea of borrowing a trick from Saturday morning cartoons. The enormous light bulb in this ad contained motion sensors, meaning that whenever a pedestrian starts to walk underneath the billboard, let there be light. The billboard conveys that The Economist is all about intelligent journalism and bright ideas, and although the newspaper generally covers complex issues and current affairs, this advertisement proves that sometimes less is more. Pillboard. If I've learnt anything today, it's that coming up with an advertising campaign seems like a real headache, but that's where pain medications like Tylenol come in. Back in 2008, Tylenol asked the team at J. Walter Thompson to sugar coat their pill, creating an advertisement that would beat out the competition. The team decided to depict a head-wrecking headache by building a fake crane and wrecking ball that appear to be smashing through a man's forehead. The attention-grabbing ad had a clear message, the pillboard encapsulating what Tylenol capsules are all about, helping you when your head really, really hurts. A Sensational Sticker. Using a wrecking ball in your advertisement is pretty impressive, but all pet care company Frontline needed to advertise their business was a single large sticker. From the ground, the advertisement in Jakarta, Indonesia must've seemed a little strange, but when you view the giant sticker from a few floors up, the unwitting pedestrians walking over the dog look just like ticks and fleas. It's clear to see why the pup isn't wagging its tail, and the image of human-sized ticks shows customers just how desperately an infected dog needs a dose of Frontline's flea and tick spray. Maybe our pals at Orphea can help too. Stationary Stunts. It turns out, the smartest thing about Smart cars aren't the cars themselves, but the advertisements they use to market them. Smart cars are famously great at parking in tight spaces, but they aren't exactly known for being fast, so when the company released the sporty Smart Brabus back in 2007, they wanted their advertisements to focus on the car's speed. So, they made this happen when the bridge the car was advertised on opens up. That's right, this bridge in Rotterdam is a bascule bridge, meaning it can open in the middle, allowing the Smart billboard to show the world the speed and power of the Brabus as it flies over the river. Personally, I don't think blasting a real Brabus over the bridge would be the smartest thing to do. But hey, if an Evel Knievel wannabe tries to and inadvertently sinks their Smart car to the bottom of a river, they could presumably sue Smart for false advertising. Con-mercials. Miele is a German manufacturer of domestic appliances, and when they released their new S8 vacuum cleaner in Slovakia, they wanted to prove that the product could vacuum up absolutely everything, even cars and trucks. Unlike the S8, the tunnel converting billboard definitely doesn't suck. However, after releasing images of the advertisement online, Miele revealed the billboard's big twist, it never existed. The company realized that building a real billboard was a waste of cash, and they could achieve the same amount of publicity if they created a fake advertisement and posted it online. Miele used video editing software to place the fake billboard on top of the tunnel, and whenever a truck drove past, they carefully masked the vehicle out, placing it as a separate layer on top of the advertisement. If you look closely, the cut and paste commercial wasn't even particularly well done, the blue sky bleeding into the billboard. This feels pretty dishonest, but annoyingly, the ploy worked. The ad gained a ton of attention as people debated whether the ad was real or fake. All this attention meant that Miele managed to make a successful advertising campaign with no media budget, and I'd be pretty impressed if I didn't feel so betrayed. The Toughest Toothpaste. While marketing Formula toothpaste in Indonesia, advertising agency Ogilvy & Mather definitely knew the formula to making a great billboard. Formula's motto is "Builds strong teeth", and the advertisement represented this by showing a guy chewing straight through the ad's metal scaffolding. This simple illusion is created by using extra pieces of black metal bent and twisted into shape. The advertisement received a lot of attention online, with 9 out of 10 dentists agreeing that the innovative billboard is minty fresh. Milk Boy. Back in 2008, Indian milk company Anando created a marketing campaign that aimed to drag kids away from soda and water, proving that drinking milk was the only way to grow big and strong. This superhuman kid has clearly been hitting the milk bottle hard, his calcium-filled bones allowing him to move skyscrapers like Jenga blocks. The billboard was developed by McCann ad agency, and it works by hanging over the edge of the skyscraper, its blue background blending into the sky behind it. Unfortunately, some people online have pointed out that the billboard would only work on a sunny day, and it would completely block the windows of four floors of the building. This means that unfortunately, the impractical concept was, as far as my research can tell me, never actually made. That definitely spoils the campaign, but there's no use crying over spilled milk, and at least the billboard left us with our new favorite superhero, Milk Boy. Evil-doers with lactose intolerance, beware. So, that wraps up our rundown of clever advertisements. What's the most effective advertisement that you've ever seen? Let me know in the comments below, and thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZipporaRison-Dacosta [1 likes]: Shadow of a vampire. See what they did there
  2. @LiLsCo0tZ [1 likes]: I don't believe in zoos. Confining animals is just wrong. Only for our viewing experience? how pathetic is that
  3. @frostoscig [1 likes]: 1:22 
Man:aaaaaaaaaah
  4. @DexterSnyder-p5w: It is I lactose intolerance man here to replace every type of milk with substitute types of milk mahahaha
  5. @RobertNicholson-w9t: THANKS
  6. @iogameplayerN0ob: if the pixel thing was done with axolotls they would be made of 50-1000 pixels.
  7. @edchristianalmeria2398: If you are going to make another of this. Please check the advert for the product Close Up toothpaste. They have 2 billboards and as the cross walkers walk the 2 billboards like moves closer.
  8. @KoolAid-p7z: Mold means they are using real food. Still McDonalds fries are something. I kinda miss them haven't had them in 20+ years. I recall with my friends making the prefect meal was, Fries from McDonalds A whopper and a bottle of coke and a desert from Dairy Queen!
  9. @ElizabethThomas-s5x: Informative.
  10. @neal3313: Am I the only one who hates ads to the point that the more it is promoted, the less likely I would get it? If your product is good, you don't have to constantly promote it. Words of mouth are the best form of advertisements.
  11. @TheTridentMarque: 11:56 yes my favorite show!!  So underrated. Too bad it's a 3 part series.
  12. @STACKSTACK-v5x: 13:09 LEARN SPANISH FOR FREE DRINK
  13. @TheRealShadowBeamR265: Wario Land Shake It had an advertisement on YouTube that completely destroyed the YT page as it played.
  14. @oscarorozco7368: Wow! Ads are just there to make people waste their money and time and they are massively misleading as hell.😂
  15. @TroubledFerretzz: the beer vending machine.... no id scanning?
  16. @Jakhithething: dumb ways to die. so many dumb ways to die
  17. @SuccessMindset2180: 1. Adds so annoying that it’s worth it to switch to no adds paid alternative
2. Makeshift marketing seem to combine improvisation skills with marketing skills
3. Pillboard is what expected but it gets to the point
  18. @Lukas-lc1vz: 16:36 at least Mc.Donalds tastes good
  19. @Commanderpioneer: I saw online once that there is a theory that duolingo could kill people and their families if they stop learning other languages on it (thankfully the theory started after I stopped doing duolingo)
  20. @123_mickeyisatacking_me: 17:50  right when I watched this part there was thunder were I live

- 15 Psychological Marketing Triggers to MAKE PEOPLE BUY From YOU!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this episode, I'm gonna unpack 15 different psychological triggers and cognitive biases that we, as marketers, use on a pretty much daily basis to help influence and persuade and guide people in the direction that we want, which is typically to buy stuff. Now, if you have a business and want to get more customers, more clients, and more sales, these will help. And if you work for a business and want to get them more customers, more clients, and more sales, well, these will help. And if you've ever shopped at a business, well, these cognitive biases and psychological triggers are important for you to know so you can arm yourself against unethical and unscrupulous marketers trying to sell you things you just don't need. But I must say these principles, these psychological triggers and these cognitive biases are so powerful that even when you know they're actively being used against you, you still can't stop 'em, like some kind of weird marketing magnet that just draws you in and takes all your money. All right, so let's get to it. All right, so the first psychological trigger cognitive bias that you need to be aware of is something known as the halo effect. Essentially, the halo effect is really just a fancy term for that first impression bias, or the fact that the first impression that you have with a brand or a business or a person, well, it's going to influence all of your future interactions with that brand or person or business, and is gonna influence them a lot. Basically that first impression, that first exposure to a message or a person or a brand or a business is so heavily weighted that it's going to color and influence and really direct all of your attitudes and beliefs and understandings about this person and about this business moving forward and well into the future even, even if they're wrong. This is why as marketers, it is incredibly important to really make sure that you're evaluating all of your marketing, specifically those first touch points, those first interactions that someone could have with your brand or with your business, and really make sure that you're putting your best foot forward. But there's another advantage as well to really making sure that you're making a positive first impression with someone, and that is that it's going to buffer against any future possible negative experiences. And really that's where a lot of brand loyalty comes in, is that if you're able to get the relationship started on a really solid foundation and really get it started on that right foot, well, it's going to help protect if something just doesn't go quite right, moving forward. Your client, your customer, are still going to perceive you and your brand and your business as more positive overall if that first impression worked out well. Thank you, halo effect. All right, and while on the topic of first impressions, the next cognitive bias we need to take a look at is the serial position effect. The serial position effect essentially just says that the very first piece of information and the very last piece of information are going to be taken and remembered and viewed as far more important than basically everything else in the middle. This is why as a marketer, I'm so obsessive about the customer journey and about the marketing funnel and really dialing in not just every step, but specifically that first step where we're putting our foot forward, a lot of stuff about feet today, and introducing ourselves in the best way possible with a strong message and a really clear call to action, as well as that final piece of the puzzle, that final call to action that gets them to essentially take some kind of purchasing or buying decision or whatever it is that's in your conversion funnel. In fact, I'm using the serial position effect right now. It's the reason that I started out this video with the halo effect because I know that it's an important one for you to remember, and it's going to help to guide you and sort of push you in the direction of prioritizing your marketing, really making sure it's dialed in, and then I'm gonna wrap it all up with what I believe is one of the most important things that you need to be aware of as well so that it sticks in your memory. And on the topic of creating memorable experiences and things that are actually going to stick with and resonate with your clients. Well, it leads us to the next psychological trigger, or cognitive bias known as the recency effect. The recency effect essentially just says that we as humans, well, we tend to give higher weight or more authority or more importance to the most recent bit of information that we've received rather than all the stuff we've heard before. This is the reason that one of the core strategies or core principles behind pretty much everything I do when I'm creating strategic marketing campaigns comes down to ways of increasing frequency and increasing touch points, and essentially increasing the recency or how recently someone saw or heard or engaged with some kind of marketing content. To put this in perspective, let's just say that we're thinking about your client or your customer out there living their lives doing their thing, and you've got your business and your competitor's business both trying to get in front of them, both trying to win their business. Well, if one of you is going to be creating more content, more marketing, and more messages, there's a higher chance that they're going to see these things more recently, which is going to impact their decision making and essentially evaluate the information they get more recently as more valuable. I think that all made sense. Basically, if they see your stuff most recently, they're gonna think it's more important, but there's another way that you can take advantage of that cognitive bias and turn it up a notch, making it even more effective with our next psychological trigger known as the mere exposure effect. Essentially, what the mere exposure effect says is that the more somebody sees something, the more familiar they are with it, the more often you're appearing in front of your clients and in front of your customers, well, the more they're going to naturally like you and trust you, both of which are unsurprisingly incredibly important to build a solid and sustainable business. So by trying to appear more often in front of your customers and in front of your clients, you kind of get to kill two birds with one stone. What a terribly morbid analogy. You get to show up more recently, meaning that they're going to trust your message and view it as more important and holding more weight, and you're also gonna take advantage of the mere exposure effect by showing up more often, which naturally leads to an increase in likability and trust. This is why when it comes to marketing, more really is more, especially if we're trying to increase frequency and increase touch points. Now, this doesn't mean you need to create completely unique content across all of the different platforms. You can reshare and recycle and take away pieces from different parts and share it on different networks and automate the entire process so the whole thing happens on autopilot behind the scenes, but you do need to do it, and this means a little bit of groundwork right up front to set up the whole system, and then it can serve you for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come. All right, now let's hit our next one, which is all about loss aversion. This one is relatively simple and should come as no surprise that people hate missing out on stuff. FOMO, or the fear of missing out, that's real. This is why one of the most important and one of the most valuable tools that you have at your disposal as a business owner, an entrepreneur or a marketer, is using some form of scarcity or urgency or essentially some kind of incentive that's going to disappear if they don't take action and take action soon. What this means is setting some kind of deadline or some kind of limited supply. Obviously, make it real, make it genuine, make it authentic. There's no room for fake deadline timers or any of that nonsense here, but given the option of taking action now or putting it off until later, most people put it off until later and typically later means never. All right, next, let's take a look at the compromise effect. Now, the compromise effect essentially just says that well, people are busy and got a lot of decisions to make, and often it's hard, if not impossible to evaluate all kinds of different selections and options and criteria, so if given the choice, they'll tend to compromise. What this means for you is that if you have a product or a service or something you're trying to sell, well, you're typically better to break it into two or three different options, maybe a low priced option, a middle priced option, and then a high priced option. The key here is to put the one that you want to sell most in the middle as the compromise option essentially, because this is the one that's going to get the most clicks, the most traction, and the most sales. There's an added bonus as well in that by having a higher priced option, well, you're gonna capture 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the premium option and 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the budget friendly or more economical option, and there's a way you can make that middle option, the compromise option, even more appealing simply by labeling it most popular, which takes advantage of the bandwagon effect, but I'm getting ahead of myself. We'll get to that in just a second. The other way to make that middle price option seem that much more valuable and that much more of a good deal is by putting that higher priced option, well quite a bit higher and taking advantage of a principle known as anchoring. Essentially, what anchoring does is it takes advantage of the first piece of information or the first price that someone sees as kind of a a mental anchor that they're going to use to compare all future prices or future options against. This is why if the first price that you can present to someone is incredibly high or incredibly expensive, well, everything that comes after that is gonna seem a whole lot more budget friendly, a whole lot more approachable. Plus, when comparing things side by side, let's say you do have those three different priced options, and the high priced option, which was anchored first is just incredibly high priced, well, it'll make that compromise option seem like a really, really good deal. Plus anchoring like most of the psychological triggers and cognitive biases I'm sharing with you here today, well, there's a little bit of overlap between the serial position effect, which gives more weight to the first and last pieces of information someone sees, as well as the recency effect, which is the most recent piece of information that someone's heard. Basically, with anchoring, like with the serial position, or with the recency effect, people tend to be a little overreliant on this kind of information, which again, biases their future decision making. Okay, let's move on to the next one, which is all about choice overload. So in the previous couple examples, we talked about three different options, low price, middle price, high price, but what if you wanna go more? What if you want all the prices, all the choices, all the options? Well, you may be shooting yourself in the foot. This is because when we have too many choices, well, essentially we limit the odds or the chances of someone doing any of them at all, and if they do take action, it's more likely they're gonna be disappointed with the choice that they made. It's the ultimate lose-lose where they're unlikely to make a choice, and if they do make a choice, they just ain't happy. Now, there are a number of studies that go over this. The most famous one is the jam tasting study where they laid out a ton of different jams and they laid out just a few different jams, and when they laid out all of the choices, very few people bought, and when they laid out just a few different kinds of jams many people bought. As a marketer, your job is to eliminate the confusion, to simplify things for your customer and for your client, not because they're not smart and unable to do the thinking for themselves, but because they are smart and the way that their brains naturally work will be to overanalyze and over process things, which will often lead to inaction. So that's where you step in. You design a customer journey, you think through the process, through the choices they would need to have, the information they need to receive at every stage, and then you design the marketing funnel, or the sales funnel or to help walk them through every single step. All right, next up, we have the framing effect. This, I guess like all of them, is kind of another favorite and one that I use pretty much every single day, which is essentially just framing or positioning your offer or your message in a way that makes it more attractive to the person that you're trying to talk to. Here's the classic example that's often used to describe the framing effect. Let's imagine for a second that you've recently been diagnosed with a terrible medical condition. Sorry to hear. This isn't a very fun exercise. And two doctors come to sort of lay out the options and let you know what the odds of success are for a couple different kinds of treatments. Doctor A says, well, with proper treatment, you have an 80% chance of recovery, going on to live a happy, normal life. Doctor B comes in and says, there's a 20% chance that it's not gonna work out so well for you, and we better start making final plans. Now, here's the thing. Both of these pretty much said the exact same thing, 80% chance of recovery or a 20% chance of death, and yet because they were framed in the possibility of a recovery versus being framed as a a very negative outcome, well, most people, like lot of most people, well, they went with Dr. A. This is why it's important when you're creating your marketing message that you're framing things appropriately in a way that connects with your clients and with your customers, and yes, of course talks about their problems and their pains and their frustrations, but also frames them in a way, kind of spins and positions them in a way where success and a solution is possible and is possible for them. After all, one of the biggest and most important lessons in all of marketing is that it's always about the client. It's always about the customer. It's always about who you're speaking to, what their needs are, what their pains are, what their frustrations are, and how you can communicate the solution to them, and on the topic of them and the people you're trying to serve, we'll move on to the next cognitive bias, which is the IKEA effect. The IKEA effect is an amazing phenomenon where essentially people just value things more when they get to play a part in its creation. The classic study that was done on this is they had a group of participants built a bunch of little Lego creatures, little bionicals. Anyway, people built these things and then were asked to assign of value to them, and unsurprisingly, they assigned value to the ones that they created as worth more money. Essentially, the mere fact that they spent time, they spent energy, they were now a part of this process, made them perceive that these little Lego creatures were worth more than they actually were. Now, the marketing key here is to incorporate and to include elements of engagement and connection and including your clients and your customers and your audience and the people you seek to serve in as much of the creation process as you possibly can. This is why I'm such a big fan of asking for feedback and asking for comments, and asking for surveys and guidance and advice, and anything I can do to keep the conversation going. On that note, be a perfect time to ask you to smash that thumbs up button and make sure to leave me a comment below this video with what your biggest takeaway is so far from all of the different cognitive biases that we've talked about. And just for doing that, I want to thank you in advance because you're such a smart and capable and amazing person. Now, of course, I believe that. I know you're smart. I know you're amazing, and I know you're capable, but what I also just did there was take advantage of a cognitive bias known as the Pygmalion effect, so let's talk about that now. The Pygmalion effect, also known as the Rosenthal Effect, is essentially the cognitive bias, where high expectations lead to better performance and better results. Basically, when you put higher expectations on the people that you serve, on your clients, on your customers, as well as on your friends and family, well, the result tends to be higher performance. This is why treating your clients and customers as smart and capable and respectable people, well, it's not just kind of common sense, but it actually turns out to be pretty good business practice as well, because in return, they're more likely to act smarter and more capable and more respectable, which is good for you, good for them, good for everyone. But you already know that, right, and that leads us perfectly to our next cognitive bias, confirmation bias. What the confirmation bias says is that we as humans, when we receive new information, well, we tend to run it through a certain kind of filter where it confirms and sort of affirms the beliefs and the identity that we already have. Basically, if you read something that's relatively neutral, doesn't take a position one way or another, well, you're more likely to view it as taking your position and supporting your views, whereas someone else who has the complete opposite mindset or complete opposite beliefs provided that article or that piece of content is relatively neutral, well, they're gonna believe that it supports their views and their beliefs. Understanding this, and you can really start to see how people get into such hot water with different views and different beliefs. Now, the key here and the way to tap into confirmation bias is to first really understand your ideal target market, that person that you wanna serve and that really wants to do business with you and understand what makes them tick, what do they believe, who do they feel they are, what do they want and what do they not want? When you do this, you're able to frame pretty much all of your future content and really allow them to just start nodding their heads in agreement with everything you say because you're confirming things that they already believe making you seem more relatable and more authentic and more likable. When you're able to confirm someone's beliefs as right and affirm their identity as right, well, they really start to buy in, and this is powerful stuff. All right, next, let's talk about the Peltzman effect or risk compensation theory. It's actually also known as the zero risk bias, but names aren't important here. What is important is understanding just how much people don't want to take any risks. Now, I kind of touched on this when we talked about loss aversion, but this is essentially taking your marketing and your messaging not extra step further, really making sure that your offer, your business is as low risk or no risk as possible. Basically, if given the choice between a business or an offer that had some element of risk and a business or offer that had basically no risk, well, most people, if not all of them, are gonna go for the no risk one, so how can you overcome this level of risk? Well, the obvious answer is by including some kind of guarantee, money back guarantee, 30 day guarantee, whatever guarantee, but sometimes you're not in a position to offer a guarantee, in which case you really have to double down on your marketing, specifically the social proof elements, by providing testimonials and case studies and proof of results, and basically just saying that what you're claiming is true is actually true. Also, doing your best to establish trust early and often throughout the relationship and taking advantage of that halo effect by making sure that that first impression is a good one by again, putting your best foot forward, again with the feet, with a nice and clean and professional design and message, and essentially presentation to your market. The beauty is, is that when you do this, especially when you're able to tap into elements of social proof, which is essentially just showing that other people, like the people you're trying to serve have done this and they've been okay, well, you're also tapping into another psychological trigger known as the bandwagon effect. The bandwagon effect is all about doing what other people do. Like my mother used to ask me, if all the cool kids jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too? And according to the bandwagon effect, yes, yes, I would, and I wouldn't be alone. Most people would join me if all the cool kids were doing it because that's what we do as humans. We look to other people, especially people that are like us or that we aspire to be like in order to help us make decisions. This is why providing elements of social proof and testimonials and showing others who've gone before done the same things and had great results from it is such a powerful motivator to get someone to take action. The more proof that you can show that other people have had success, the better, and the closer that these people match the identities or beliefs or values or appearance of the people you're trying to reach, well, the better as well. After all, what you're trying to overcome here is the objection that people like me don't do that, and if you're the one that's able to say, oh, yeah, they do, people like you do that all the time. Your business will grow. All right, next, let's talk about blind-spot bias, which of all of the biases we've talked about, this one is perhaps my favorite and also the most interesting. Basically, what the blind-spot bias says is that all of the things that I've just talked about, including a ton of other cognitive biases and psychological triggers I didn't have time to get to, while all of them are invisible to the people that They don't know they're happening. They're so deeply rooted in our fundamental makeup and are psychology as human beings that we can't recognize when they're actively being used against us, even when we're being told they're being used against us. Yes, that's right. Even if someone is to come out and tell you, hey, don't let anchoring impact your future decision, well, it still seeps in. This is because our brains are busy, busy places, and we have to rely on these mental shortcuts to quickly evaluate information and help us make decisions. Now, of course, the best way to use all of the cognitive biases that I've discussed with you here, the best way, and also importantly, the most ethical way, is to make sure that you're building them on a solid marketing foundation. And this is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I have linked up right here on Introduction to Marketing, so make sure to check that out now, I'll see you in the next episode. Marketing helps people solve their problems by clearly defining and delivering solutions and really explaining the benefits of those solutions so they can get better results. (rock music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [42 likes]: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  2. @TheGuineaPigClub21: Good content!
  3. @kieljacinto3509: so some of this ive done without knowing nor what is called.
  4. @casualSingh: halo effect is cool
  5. @thecommerciallady1111: How can the sales psychological tips convert my sales for my candles?
  6. @JoshGovero: IKEA affects had me dumbfounded
  7. @jatinrana851: One arrow two sparrow....ayoo😅
  8. @MurphyNoah-e2k: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  9. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  10. @denLloyyyyd-t2r: This sounds like one of those “easy money posting videos” jobs, but usually there’s more to it than they say
  11. @HlelekileNkosi: For you page 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @三浦貴大-h6c: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  13. @themidnightmurdershow: ngl bro i understood none of this
  14. @billphilpott3787: It's essential to understand how to lead your client to the carrot cake
  15. @Dewii-qo2ed: Replay very great message and podcast
  16. @AmandaDixon-g8o: Thank you!!!
  17. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  18. @monicacook3311: All right, thank you for this. The more of these a company uses to advertise to me, the more likely I'm not going to buy their product. When a company has to resort to  mind-messing psychological manipulation instead of presenting the merits of their product, I'm just going to assume the merits just aren't there.
  19. @Aylinklmn: I want to know how to automate the posting on instagram, youtube,tick tock. And I want the course also
  20. @KgomotsoKG-s9e: You are a genius Adam! Thanks for all this.,

- Best Marketing Campaigns of the Last Decade: 2010 - 2020 - Digital Uncovered: Kind: captions Language: en young people don't listen to public safety messages so how do you get them to stop being unsafe around trains by making it the dumbest way to die [Music] [Applause] a song was written called dumb ways to die it was released as a YouTube video and within a week had over 20 million views and within six weeks over 40 million views gif sharing from our dedicated Tumblr site generated huge and immediate viral effect and helped the campaign stay on the front page of Reddit for two days after the launch within days dumb ways to die became the world's most shared video the song was released on iTunes and climbed the charts in over 20 countries and in some countries even making the top ten awareness went through the roof but we have to get people to change their behavior so every element of the campaign directly drove people to pledge to be safe around trains nearly a million people took the pledge on our website the little book of dumb ways to die got kids to pledge at the website outdoor advertising designed to generate Instagram friendly content got people to promise to be safe and a smartphone game also got people to make the promise the results people adopted the message like never before over 200 cover versions and parodies were made and shared in the millions schools started using it as a teaching tool in classrooms dumb ways to die became the most shared and most viral public service campaign in history and most important of all the Metro has seen a 21 percent reduction in accidents and deaths compared to the same time last year so many place to die be safe around drains a message from Metro this is a hook from the new Volvo FMX made of cast iron and it holds up to 32 stalks this means 300 millimeter ground clearance just a little bit more than my hair today is the ultimate test of the steering system you will see a hamster steering a truck from the bottom of this quarry to the top and you all my little plans and schemes lost like some took all dream seems like all I really was doing was waiting for you just like little girls boys don't real life Ingrid playing with seems like oh really to continue the story just find a big book me too it's really the biggest one the one that people look forward to is the John Lewis house John Lewis Hank that its first airing on Friday the amount of people have spoken to me saying they want a little Monty it is the biggest cybersecurity threat facing most businesses isn't from their computers it's from their printers and surprisingly the IT managers of most businesses have no idea but rather than telling them about all of the dangers we created a dramatic episodic short film series to show them called the wolf time to eat as the wolf actor Christian Slater plays a hacker who shows us just how easy it is to bring down a company by exploiting their vulnerable Printers I love a good office party everyone looks so happy especially Janice I thought everybody would forget her birthday look Janice just got an email what's that gift certificate from your favorite spa to honor the big day now all you got to do is print it come on Janice it's legit you just gotta print it out come on we all know you love a good foot rub that's it I have access to every computer on the network chosen for his large following in the IT community from his role and mr. robot a cyber security theme TV show Slater was ideal for the role because of his credibility with our audience I'm mr. vice president my life throughout the series everyday business happenings turn ominous as the wolf hacks is unsuspecting victims first on Wall Street where he used unprotected printers to steal sensitive documents from an investment bank window and exposed all the secrets of a high-profile merger then he turned his sights to the healthcare world as he stole information on millions of patients by hacking a hospital this thing is like a suit to ensure the credibility of the story we worked with former blackhat hackers to come up with the hacks and malware code after making our audience aware of their printers security problems we presented HP's solution by creating a fixer sorry Jonathan banks apparently there's some character out there who calls himself the wolf but if you ask me wolves are just dogs who haven't been housebroken instead of coming with the intention to hack and tear down the fixer comes to repair and rebuild with HP products that will prevent future attacks our job was to open the eyes of IT pros and get them to see how vulnerable their company might be to do it we knew HP needed more than a typical boring b2b campaign so instead we created authentic emotional human stories based on IT insights from all of our hospitals and you don't know where the help Todd is I love a good mystery don't you but films are promoted on major social channels and lives on YouTube Facebook Twitter IT sites and a branded microsite paid media promoted the film's around the world including paid social partnerships with leading IT security news sites social posts from Slater and a massive PR push we even use the wolf and the fixer to amplify relevancy at top security events so that HP remained top of mind when it came to printer security why am i exposing one of the financial world's most important secrets because I can the campaign created a conversation around printer security where there wasn't one before who knows maybe next time I'll come after yours by showing the IT community that nothing is safe if their printers aren't HP secure and the problem is this women are not making it to the top of any profession anywhere in the world today is International Women's Day and one Wall Street firm is marking the occasion by placing this statute a little girl staring down the iconic charging ball the new image was put up by State Street Global Advisors powerful little presenting women's daily experience of having to face a ton of bull there's certain values like diversity that have a return of fact that the industry has acknowledged this fund is quite important the most famous girl in all of York City in fairness coco bongo's will not on the internet let me assume you know people young and old are flocking to her the fearless girl on Wall Street has already made a lasting impression the hottest selfie in town still as she's become a social media phenomenon fearless girl has also become a broader symbol of female empowerment I did that 25 thousand eight thousand thirty thousand people have already signed a petition to keep the statue here long The Fearless girl will be allowed to remain as her post this statue has crystallized this moment in history my generation fought for the women of today so that little girl is saying a lot

  Top Comments:
  1. @the1nlonely [92 likes]: the moment "dumb ways to die" broke out with music, my jaw literally genuinely dropped. I never saw it before and the brilliance of it almost got a tear out of me
  2. @lawrence3400 [63 likes]: too many annoying ads throughout this vid
  3. @charlie_ruban [11 likes]: Marketing is the science and art of exploring, creating, and delivering value to satisfy the needs of a target market at a profit.
  4. @spunkyfidget70 [8 likes]: I'm surprised I've never heard of any of these.  These are all incredible ways to get the message across!
  5. @aragamboa29 [3 likes]: I didn't know that is the real stories of dumb ways to die. WOW.
  6. @chyntia0304 [1 likes]: the fifth is american eagle by sydney sweeney🤩
  7. @bin6936 [1 likes]: Explain me the Volvo ad campaign
  8. @sachdevramakrishna5361 [1 likes]: Absolutely brilliant
  9. @НурланКайратов-у4ф: best videos
  10. @AndreaGreen-c3o: It's amazing how these campaigns managed to be both creative and deeply impactful, truly demonstrating the power of innovative storytelling in marketing. Thanks for showcasing these inspiring examples!
  11. @zioncook6993: i never knew that was the origin of dumb ways to die😮
  12. @zzzome: How much cash was spent to get TV, Gogglebox, etc-air time? I'd like to know the net ROI :)
  13. @mcateerdesign: Metro claiming 21% reduction in train deaths because they made a stupid song is crazy

think you'll find its a mix of less graffiti bombers, beefed up transport police/security everywhere and most people just kill themselves at home now instead of going to train station
  14. @iam9_39: Thank you brother 🙏😅😅 for making this video ❤❤❤
  15. @PoojaShah25: Wow, these campaigns are simply brilliant! Thank you for this video
  16. @Matthew8473: The essence of this content is highly impactful. A book with akin messages was a game-changer in my life. "The Art of Meaningful Relationships in the 21st Century" by Leo Flint
  17. @tatendamuzenda8442: Let's get this to a million views
  18. @DigitalMarketingAndMore: very good
  19. @archanakumaridasgupta5536: Wow! Wow moves!! ❤
  20. @Gimhanable: Video bala bala hitita athi dan palayan slide tika balanna bs

- Facebook Ads Tutorial: Meta Just Changed EVERYTHING (New Campaign Structure Revealed): Kind: captions Language: en So, these are the top four social media sites&nbsp; as of 2025. And yeah, Meta owns three of the&nbsp;&nbsp; four with Facebook at the top of the list with a&nbsp; whopping 3 billion monthly active users. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; why I've recorded this short course on Facebook&nbsp; ads for 2025. You see, if you're running Facebook&nbsp;&nbsp; ads in 2025 the same way as you did last year,&nbsp; you're already behind. Meta just changed the&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. And these aren't minor tweaks. We're&nbsp; talking complete shifts in how things are built,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized, and scaled. Whether you're a business&nbsp; owner, marketer, agency, or a business leader,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the course for you. I'm talking about&nbsp; campaign structure overhauls, advantage plus,&nbsp;&nbsp; budget strategies, creative best practices, and&nbsp; how to avoid burning your budget in this age of&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook ads. If you want to leave behind that&nbsp; is easy to come back to, I'd encourage you to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the HubSpots marketer guide for Meta&nbsp; Tactics for Facebook and Instagram, which is&nbsp;&nbsp; filled with examples of brands doing it right from&nbsp; headspace to monday.com in the New York Times. And&nbsp;&nbsp; the best part, it's not going to cost you a scent.&nbsp; I've linked the free guide below. All right, let's&nbsp;&nbsp; dive in to Facebook and Meta ads. Let's start&nbsp; by talking about Meta's new campaign structure.&nbsp;&nbsp; Campaigns are no longer organized the way that&nbsp; they once were. It has changed. Everything has&nbsp;&nbsp; shifted. Advantage Plus shopping campaigns used to&nbsp; be a very simple single adset clean interface that&nbsp;&nbsp; led to very strong results. But that experience&nbsp; is gone. Now you're dealing with multiple adsets&nbsp;&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. Hybrid budget&nbsp; options with both campaign level and adset level&nbsp;&nbsp; toggles. A subtle but powerful shift in how&nbsp; Meta's bidding model actually works. You see,&nbsp;&nbsp; instead of grouping audiences and feeding them&nbsp; creative like we did before, Meta is now pushing&nbsp;&nbsp; creative to users, matching more aggressively on&nbsp; the individual level with their own AI and systems&nbsp;&nbsp; behind the hood. That means that creative testing&nbsp; is more important than ever before. And yes, the&nbsp;&nbsp; interface still kind of looks similar, but once&nbsp; you hit create campaign, everything changes. Meta&nbsp;&nbsp; now determines whether it's Advantage Plus based&nbsp; on your inputs, not by a toggle. In the past,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you set up a sales campaign inside of Ads&nbsp; Manager, you were explicitly asked, do you want&nbsp;&nbsp; to use manual campaign or advantage plus? You made&nbsp; the choice. You knew exactly what type of campaign&nbsp;&nbsp; you were building. Well, that choice is gone.&nbsp; In 2025, there is no Advantage Plus toggle. You&nbsp;&nbsp; aren't selecting it. You are actually activating&nbsp; it based on how you structure your campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; Meta has integrated Advantage Plus logic directly&nbsp; into the campaign creation workflow. So instead&nbsp;&nbsp; of choosing it, you trigger it by following&nbsp; specific setup criteria like broad targeting,&nbsp;&nbsp; optimized placements, campaign level budgets, and&nbsp; purchase as your conversion event. If you follow&nbsp;&nbsp; those signals, your campaign becomes Advantage&nbsp; Plus under the hood. You'll know you're in an&nbsp;&nbsp; Advantage Plus flow if you see subtle interface&nbsp; cues. Certain options are going to disappear,&nbsp;&nbsp; like custom audience controls for manual bidding&nbsp; fields. Campaign scoring starts nudging you to&nbsp;&nbsp; where best practices like the automated placement&nbsp; and 7-day click attribution. But that's not all.&nbsp;&nbsp; Say goodbye to existing customer budget caps.&nbsp; Before you could say truly only spend 10% of&nbsp;&nbsp; my budget on past customers. Now that option&nbsp; is kind of gone. So what should you do? What&nbsp;&nbsp; should marketers, business owners, advertisers do?&nbsp; Well, you need to use custom audience exclusions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can now exclude past purchasers or engaged&nbsp; audiences from your advantage plus campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; For example, for every brand that we work with,&nbsp; we integrate HubSpot directly into Meta. So we&nbsp;&nbsp; can build highintent custom audiences just like&nbsp; this one. Engaged leads. These are the contacts&nbsp;&nbsp; who have visited your product pages, downloaded a&nbsp; resource, or opened multiple emails in the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; or 90 days. Salesqualified leads. These are people&nbsp; who are flagged by your sales team or automation&nbsp;&nbsp; systems as ready to buy. And finally, existing&nbsp; customers based on close one deals or purchase&nbsp;&nbsp; events synced directly from HubSpot into Meta or&nbsp; native integrations and custom workflows. You can&nbsp;&nbsp; see who is your customers. Once these segments are&nbsp; built and synced, you want to select the engaged&nbsp;&nbsp; audiences. These are again the warm leads, visited&nbsp; pages, open emails, click CTAs from the last 30&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 days and existing customers, purchasers&nbsp; who are tracked via HubSpot, the Metapixels,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. Typically 90 to 180 days. These audiences&nbsp; are critical to exclude from your top offunnel&nbsp;&nbsp; prospecting. With the new Facebook advantage&nbsp; plus feature, we can retarget with specific&nbsp;&nbsp; post-p purchase offers and get sales. Now, once&nbsp; those audiences are in place, you've set them all&nbsp;&nbsp; up. We're optimizing for purchases, not just add&nbsp; to cart or view content. Meta needs to know where&nbsp;&nbsp; the money is made. So, set your budget at the&nbsp; campaign level unless you have a very niche use&nbsp;&nbsp; case. Meta's algorithm optimizes better with broad&nbsp; data inputs. So, lean into it and use that as you&nbsp;&nbsp; move forward with Advantage Plus. Now, let's talk&nbsp; about another shift, the evolution of audience&nbsp;&nbsp; targeting. You can now build hybrid audiences&nbsp; inside of Advantage Plus campaigns. That means&nbsp;&nbsp; you can go broad. You can seat it with demographic&nbsp; signals. You can exclude specific segments like&nbsp;&nbsp; past purchasers or you can even exclude an&nbsp; entire email list. Don't ignore suggested&nbsp;&nbsp; audience features, but don't rely on them solely.&nbsp; This is a mistake too many brands make. Always&nbsp;&nbsp; test exclusions to protect your spend. And&nbsp; if you're doing top offunnel prospecting,&nbsp;&nbsp; use exclusions to keep it pure. If you're testing&nbsp; narrow versus broad, run two separate campaigns.&nbsp;&nbsp; One that's 100% broad with exclusions, one that's&nbsp; interested with a very tight demo targeting. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is how it's done. Advantage Plus also has made&nbsp; huge announcements around placements. For the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in forever, you can now select specific&nbsp; platforms that you want to run ads on. If you just&nbsp;&nbsp; want to show up on Facebook, Instagram, you can do&nbsp; that. If you exclusively want to show up on mobile&nbsp;&nbsp; or desktop, you can do that. There's inventory&nbsp; filters for expanded and moderate. And guess what?&nbsp;&nbsp; WhatsApp is announcing that they're allowing&nbsp; you to run ads, too. Keep in mind, though,&nbsp;&nbsp; expanded inventory is the new default. This&nbsp; includes all kinds of different content, some that&nbsp;&nbsp; might not exactly align with your brand. So, you&nbsp; want to start with a test and expand later. When&nbsp;&nbsp; you're running Facebook or meta ads, your Facebook&nbsp; video ads and image ads can appear selectively or&nbsp;&nbsp; across all of the following placements depending&nbsp; on what placements work best for you. I'd suggest&nbsp;&nbsp; you test Facebook feed, Facebook Marketplace,&nbsp; Facebook video feeds, Facebook right column,&nbsp;&nbsp; business explorer, Messenger inbox, Facebook&nbsp; stories, Facebook reels, Messenger stories,&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook instream videos, overlay ads on reels,&nbsp; Facebook search results, meta audience network,&nbsp;&nbsp; native banner and institutional meta audience&nbsp; network and rewarded videos. It's a lot, I know.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's why you should probably download the&nbsp; master meta marketing guide I've linked to in&nbsp;&nbsp; the description below because it's filled with&nbsp; everything that you need to know about meta ads.&nbsp;&nbsp; All right, now let's talk about my favorite&nbsp; subject, my favorite concept, and that is&nbsp;&nbsp; the creative strategy. We want to talk about the&nbsp; creative strategy and the campaign flow that you&nbsp;&nbsp; should be using on Meta. And I'd be lying. I'd&nbsp; be lying to your face if I said that creativity&nbsp;&nbsp; doesn't matter in the age of AI. Wrong. Creative&nbsp; is everything now. Meta's machine learning is&nbsp;&nbsp; heavily optimized for creative to user fit. Here's&nbsp; a few quick wins that we think every brand should&nbsp;&nbsp; be considering in today's age. Broad targeting.&nbsp; You should be running three to five creative&nbsp;&nbsp; angles per adset and rotate those two to three&nbsp; weeks. See if your customers are getting fatigued&nbsp;&nbsp; and then exclude the purchasers. Run the winning&nbsp; campaigns and let your winners ride. Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp; adsets are allowed, which gives you more agility.&nbsp; And AI makes it easier than ever to create&nbsp;&nbsp; multiple ads at scale. You can test hundreds of&nbsp; different ad campaigns and concepts and hooks&nbsp;&nbsp; and visuals and graphics. You can experiment&nbsp; with UGC style content, polish brand videos,&nbsp;&nbsp; experiment with vertical versus square. Run the&nbsp; experiments, folks. Heavy text, minimum text. All&nbsp;&nbsp; of these things are worth testing. Do not just see&nbsp; your competitors do something and say, "We should&nbsp;&nbsp; do the same thing." Maybe you want to test having&nbsp; a clear benefit statement in the first 30 seconds.&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe you want to incorporate visual proof, a&nbsp; demo, a testimonials. All of these things need&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down to your strategy and your approach.&nbsp; Have call to actions that match your funnel stage.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of this goes into the way that you're&nbsp; thinking about your creative, your campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; and your approach. All right, let's talk about&nbsp; the last thing, the most important thing. Please,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2025, 2026, I pray that you don't launch your&nbsp; campaigns and just pray. You have to remember to&nbsp;&nbsp; measure the data. Click-through rates, for&nbsp; example, you should be aiming for anywhere&nbsp;&nbsp; from 1.5 to 3%. Your return on ad spend, 2x or&nbsp; higher for scale. Frequency, if it's over three,&nbsp;&nbsp; then refresh your creative conversion rates, 2&nbsp; to 5% is a pretty solid range that I would aim&nbsp;&nbsp; for. And then you also want to know your break&nbsp; even so you can understand your cost per lead,&nbsp;&nbsp; cost per acquisition, and things like that. So,&nbsp; if you want to make this happen and make it work,&nbsp;&nbsp; then you need to install the metapixel or events&nbsp; manager to connect to certain CMS's. My standard,&nbsp;&nbsp; my best practice is to always use 7-day click&nbsp; one day view attribution window and then let&nbsp;&nbsp; the results trickle in. All right, I want to&nbsp; summarize for you 2025 and beyond's playbook,&nbsp;&nbsp; folks. Embrace the new advantage plus structure.&nbsp; Don't fight it. Use campaign level budgets&nbsp;&nbsp; for better optimization. Exclude audiences&nbsp; strategically instead of relying on budget&nbsp;&nbsp; caps. Test creative like your business depended&nbsp; on it because at the end of the day, it kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; does. Watch your metrics weekly. Don't just set&nbsp; it and forget it. And I hope that you found this&nbsp;&nbsp; course valuable. And remember, don't do this&nbsp; alone. I've included a link in the description&nbsp;&nbsp; that goes deep into how brands like you can&nbsp; understand how to build a presence on Facebook,&nbsp;&nbsp; Instagram, the impact of paid, and how to measure&nbsp; performance with growth at the forefront of what&nbsp;&nbsp; you're trying to do. And if you're looking&nbsp; to keep learning more, smash that subscribe&nbsp;&nbsp; button because HubSpot's always publishing great&nbsp; content on marketing all the time and you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to miss it. I'm Ross Simmons. Thanks for&nbsp; listening and I will see you on the internet. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @elifceren8431 [5 likes]: when i select advantage plus, it shows my ads to the audience waaaay different than my target audience. such as; i am aiming 'bride to be' person in her 20's, and it shows my ads to 50 year old men or 12 year old children. :( I'm really sick of it
  2. @luifever [2 likes]: Fed up with so much change in all platforms.
  3. @smiless101 [2 likes]: Sorry this not new info I was expecting something else
  4. @khushbinderdhiman [2 likes]: Business portfolio
Business manager 
Business account 
Ad account 
Ad manager 

Kindly explain about it
  5. @alkhannoussiayoube9723 [1 likes]: This is a mess
  6. @OutzipOutdoorRentals [1 likes]: What about Polls? I cant find the option any more...
  7. @ChristinaSilva-l4x6t [1 likes]: This simplification could be a game-changer, especially for smaller businesses that struggled with the complexity of the old structure. Excited to test this out and see if it truly delivers better results!
  8. @HubSpotMarketing: FREE DOWNLOAD: Get Marketer's Guide to Meta: Tactics for Facebook + Instagram from HubSpot 🔗 https://clickhubspot.com/219391
  9. @LiletSimmons: In my timeline or wall, it's been a week now that Meta appeared saying Make a choice about your ads. I don't want to pay subscription just to avoid it. I don't know how to get rid of this Meta. I was using Google before to access MY FB.  But it's not working anymore. I am running out of option.
  10. @macsmiffy2197: Everyone I know is leaving Facebook because it’s nothing but ads.  YouTube is becoming the same.
  11. @Lunar.cipher: Advantage plus won't always work. Stick to manual if you truly. Know what yous are doing as it always wins.
  12. @BF-FIT: I still have choice
  13. @thinkcartology: Looks like META quietly pulled the Advantage+ toggle—most advertisers didn’t even notice. If you want to stay ahead and adapt fast, follow me for the latest Facebook Ads tips and tutorials.
  14. @AnnaHardcastle-j2r1g: Consolidating campaigns like this seems like a smart move, hopefully, it will streamline the process and allow the algorithm to work even better. I'm also wondering about the video/image asset question - will the AI truly distribute them effectively?
  15. @AngieStuart-c5i7y: This new campaign structure looks promising! I'm curious to see how the AI will truly optimize for conversions with this more consolidated approach. Thanks for breaking down these changes so clearly!
  16. @camainechi: If I have 3 videos and 5 image,  should I run them in the same campaign and set the budget at the campaign level or ad set level?

- 5 BRAND NEW Digital Marketing Strategies For 2025 (The Rules Just Changed - Again): Kind: captions Language: en I used to think marketing changes fast, but I've never seen anything like 2025. I wasn't planning to make this video. My 2025 marketing trends video from January was supposed to last the whole year, but in just the last 6 months, so many strategies that were working perfectly have completely fallen apart. And what I'm seeing right now is the businesses that are thriving, they are not the ones with the biggest budgets. They're the ones embracing these five fundamental shifts that most service businesses don't even know are happening yet. But before we get on to the strategies, why do we need to use them in the first place? Well, think about how you found the last new restaurant you tried. Last year, you probably Googled best sushi near me and clicked through a few websites or Yelp listings. But today, you might have seen it on a friend's Instagram story or watched someone eat there on Tik Tok. Or maybe you just ask ChatGpt, "Where should I eat tonight?" This simple change in how we choose restaurants is actually happening with every service. From finding a plumber to choosing a financial adviser, the ways that people discover and decide who to hire have really changed in just the last 6 months. That old path where someone searches on Google, finds your website, and contacts you, it's quickly disappearing. Instead, they're discovering businesses through video content or getting direct recommendations from AI tools. If your marketing isn't aligned with these new ways of discovering businesses, you're basically putting up billboards on an abandoned highway. Let's start with what I call AI deep client research. So, I want you to do this strategy first because it makes all the other stuff work better. Think of it as your foundation. One of my students who did this was blown away by the results. But before I tell you about that, we need to understand the problem first. Most of us talk about our businesses using the words we use. even though our clients probably think and talk completely differently about it. Like let's say you're a financial adviser. You might think it's important to talk about diversified investment strategies and tax efficient withdrawals on your website. But your clients, they're thinking about completely different things like I'm scared I'm going to run out of money or I don't want to be a burden on my kids. And that gap in language is huge. It's like you're speaking French, they're speaking Spanish, you're never going to connect. But when you bridge that gap and start using their words, your marketing improves practically overnight. So here's what you do. Open up ChatGBT, Perplexity, or Google Gemini and tell it about your business. Just make sure you're choosing the deep research option. Then ask it to search through real forums, Reddit threads, core threads, and review sites to find exactly how your ideal clients talk about their problems and their dream outcomes. It'll create this amazing report that shows you their exact words, the emotional triggers that make them take action and the specific problems that they need to have solved. So, the student I was talking about, he's a web designer and he'd been making his website all about, you know, things like responsive design, UIUX optimization, and cross browser compatibility on his website, but nobody was contacting him. But then when he used AI to research how his potential clients actually talk and what they wanted, he discovered they weren't looking for any of that technical stuff. They wanted things like a website that doesn't look terrible on my phone or a site that won't embarrass me in front of customers or one that actually gets people to call me. Then when he rewrote his website using these exact phrases instead of all the tech jargon, his inquiries doubled in about 2 weeks. Same exact service just described in words that his clients actually use and care about. This is probably the easiest change you can make and it cost you nothing. Just talk how your clients talk. Okay, so Google search is fading fast, but that doesn't mean people stop searching. They just changed where they look. I don't know if you know this stat, but young adults now use Tik Tok more than Google when they're looking for something. And almost everybody uses YouTube to learn new stuff. Think about it. If you needed to fix something in your house, would you rather read an article or watch a quick video showing you how to do it? Video just works better for most things. And when it comes to hiring someone, video is powerful because clients can actually see your face, hear your voice, and decide if they trust you. It's like you're having a mini meeting with potential clients while you're doing something else. Anything else. So, instead of obsessing over your Google ranking, you should be making simple videos that answer questions that your clients actually ask. Here's how to start. So, what are the top five questions that almost every new client asks you? Then just make a video answering each one of them. Super simple. Now, between YouTube and Tik Tok, which should you pick? Well, for most service businesses, I would go with YouTube. And here's why. Tik Tok might get you quick views, but YouTube videos stick around forever. I've got videos from years ago that still bring in new students to my paid programs every single month. And you don't need any fancy equipment, but what you do need is your own face and your own voice. So, no, don't try those faceless videos with robot voices. They are, yes, easier to make, but nobody hires a robot voice. Show your actual face. Let people see the real you. That is what builds trust. And if you're too scared to do that, you know, truth tell, and time here, that just means you're going to be at a disadvantage when video becomes the bare minimum standard in the very near future. This next trend is huge, and almost nobody's talking about it yet. So, more and more people are skipping Google completely now, and they're just asking ChatGpt things like, "Who's the best accountant for small business owners in Denver?" or "What's a good local plumber that won't rip me off?" Why the shift, though? I think it's because chat GBT doesn't just show a list of options like Google does that you then have to go investigate each one of them. It is going to recommend specific businesses. Now, I actually have a pergola on my rooftop that I needed to get repainted. And sure, I could have done a typical Google or Yelp search to find someone, but I went to Chad GPT for it instead. And it gave me three great options, including their contact info, and I just got a bid from each one of them. And this business got my money because chat GPT recommended them to me. It's kind of like asking a neighbor who just had the same thing done. Hey John, who painted your pergola? Can you give me their number? So, how do you make sure that your business gets recommended by AI? So, first you want to make your Google business profile as good as you can, right? Fill out every possible section. Add as many photos. Answer questions in the Q&A section. This is where AI tools get a lot of their information. Second, you got to get more reviews. You know, AI tools, they want to recommend businesses with lots of positive five star reviews. So, you want to set up a simple system, right? Maybe a text message that goes out after you finish working with someone, just asking them, prompting them for a Google review. Third, be super clear on your website about exactly what you do and who you help. Cuz AI tools, they definitely will scan your website to understand your business. So, don't be vague. I've even heard of businesses uh just writing an article on their own website that's basically, you know, a listicle of the best fill-in-the-blank business in their city. Then they just list like the top three to five in the category in the city. And wouldn't you know it, they put themselves number one. And a lot of AI tools are going to find that article and then directly use it in their power ranking. So yes, I do admit it's a little spammy and it may not work forever, but it seems to be working for now at least. And this is only going to be getting bigger and bigger as more people get comfortable using AI tools. So, if you're the first in your niche to do this, you got a major head start. Let's talk about something that can save you tons of money and make you look much more polished than your competitors, and that's using AI to create images and graphics for all your marketing. Chad GBT's new image tool is crazy good. It's like having a graphic designer on call 24 hours a day, except it doesn't cost you anything extra. Think about all the visual things that your business needs. You know, social media posts, ads, maybe website images, definitely maybe even a logo refresh. Normally, you'd be paying a designer hundreds or even thousands of dollars for all of that work. But with Chad GBT, you can create gorgeous, professional images just by describing what you want. Let's say you're a chiropractor. You could tell ChatGpt, "Create an Instagram ad for my chiropractic practice. Show a split image on one side, a person hunched over a desk, grimacing in pain. On the other side, show the same person with perfect posture. Add text that says, "Life without pain starts here. Book your first adjustment today." What you get back is usually pretty good. And if you want to take it to the next level, you can even give it an image as a style reference. Then their AI is going to create something new, but with the same vibe that you gave it. Now, this isn't some generic stock photo with text slapped on it. It's a custom-designed ad that speaks directly to your ideal patients pain points and shows them exactly what relief looks like. You can use ChatGBT's image creation for yes, Facebook and Instagram ads, but also social media posts, website header images, logo designs, and you don't need any design skills at all. Just describe what you want in your own words and just give it any images you like for style. Okay, this next strategy is probably the biggest game changer of all. It's called Vibe Marketing, and it's basically like having an entire marketing team that works for you for free. Here's the idea. So, instead of learning all the technical marketing skills yourself, you just tell AI what you want and it does all the heavy lifting. You know, it's like kind of like being the director of a movie instead of the cameraman. You bring the vision and then AI handles the rest. So, what used to take days or weeks can now happen in minutes. If you need a Facebook ad, just tell Chad GBT, "I need an ad for my plumbing business," targeting homeowners with old pipes. Show a split image, rusty leaking pipes on one side, beautiful new plumbing on the other, and make it feel urgent but trustworthy. For your website copy, you don't need to be a copywriter anymore. Just describe your business and your ideal client to AI, and it's going to write all your pages. And if you want to change the tone, just say, "Make this sound more friendly," or "This feels too salesy. Fix it." And if you're creating email campaigns, same thing. Tell AI about your service and what you want to accomplish. And it's going to write a whole email sequence for you. And the beauty is that you can test way more approaches when everything's this fast. You know, if you don't like how an ad performed, have it create five new versions in 10 minutes so you can see what works better. And one of my students actually used this for his accounting firm. He told AI exactly what his ideal clients were worried about and what results that he wanted to promise them. And within an hour, he had new website copy, three Facebook ads, and a whole month's worth of email content, all perfectly aligned and really professional looking. And if you want to see some examples of what you can create with just your imagination in a Chat GBT subscription, check out this next video where I show you the true marketing power of Chad GBT's new image creation tool. It's absolutely crazy what it can do now without needing a graphic designer. And as an ex-graphic designer, it kind of hurts me to say it, but it's just where we are now. So, click on this video and I'm going to show you some really cool

  Top Comments:
  1. @petros4356 [16 likes]: This video totally resonates! I’ve found that using tools like OpusClip has helped me nail down my audience's language through short clips. It's wild what we can achieve now!
  2. @JamesTaylorPowAcademy: The AI deep client research bit is the one that changed things for me. Was running campaigns for local service businesses and kept using the same generic messaging across all of them — decent results but nothing special. Started using deep research to actually understand how their customers talk about their problems (not how the business talks about their solutions) and the difference in lead quality was honestly surprising. The vibe marketing section is interesting too though I'd push back slightly — works brilliantly for some industries but local businesses with older demographics still respond better to straightforward messaging in my experience.
  3. @BabitaKashyap-k6p: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  4. @IlincaZaharia: My only concern is with using AI tech to generate images for your business. How AI works is basically taking already existing art and feeding it into an algorithm (I am no professional in IT but have done extensive research on this topic previously for a paper), and it challenges ethics as you are basically using other people's work and generating profit without crediting them. Call me a snowflake, but as a former art student, I am quite biased against this practice; plus, it can be very obvious it is AI. I am conflicted. Again, just my opinion, I find using AI to generate images and then profiting from them, in general, to be quite scummy. :/
  5. @GayleLarson-y3n: Hi! First of all, thanks for the video. I thoroughly appreciate your work here. 

I would love to ask about Agentic AI? Is it nice to use with digital marketing scenario? 

Warmest Regards 
Arsh
Owner - Medocea , Tecocea
  6. @josephtimpson: Great Video!
  7. @hellochijioke: 2025 totally changed everything for marketing man. Totally agree.
  8. @Crescitaly_com: This is exactly what I needed to hear right now! The AI deep client research strategy is a total game-changer for understanding what really resonates with your audience. I've been using similar approaches to bridge that language gap you mentioned, and the results have been incredible. Love how you keep it practical and actionable, Wes. The marketing landscape truly evolves faster than ever!
  9. @durbanvisas4597: i need someone to help me with digital marketing to build my business in south africa
  10. @Pramodsubedi124: love how you break it down so easy
  11. @QURAN-114-j8q: 2025 strategies already? mind blown 🤯
  12. @farrukhahmed1255: didn't know i was doing it wrong 😅
  13. @VYUN.EDITZZ: didnt know i was behind til now lol
  14. @Therealevident: was skeptical but this is solid info
  15. @Perseveranceandwill: Great video! Thank you!
  16. @sree_kreshna_add: kinda needed this info, thanks man
  17. @kanosport_10: bookmarking this for sure
  18. @ThatguywithyoyoEditz: kinda surprised at how useful this was 😊
  19. @Alizasalam62: 2025 is gonna be wild for marketing 😮
  20. @PriyankaSingh-ii7pw: whoa didnt know i needed this until now

- This Strategy Turned My Ads Profitable Overnight 😳.... #performancemarketing #strategy #youtube: Kind: captions Language: en This year we are going to close at Rs 6 crore. Why are you shocked? Performance Marketing Isn't Complicated. Even if you feel it, you won't feel it now. Because I will tell you how you can improve your ad performance. Whenever you create a campaign, you will design three ad sets under it. Within each ad set, you will create different ads, and the creative targeting of each ad will be different. And you can also leave an ad creative to AI.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mdirfu11: Amazing content 👏🏻

- Ads Meta Solutions: Transform Your Brand Strategy | IRPR.Agency: Kind: captions Language: en Transform your brand with the power of Ads Meta at IRPR Agency, where we unlock your business’s full potential through innovative solutions and proven advertising strategies. Our experts are dedicated to elevating your presence with creative excellence that cuts through the noise. We believe in transformative solutions that prioritize precision targeting and performance optimization, ensuring every ad is meticulously designed to represent your unique voice. By focusing on data-driven insights, we foster deeper audience engagement and extend your global reach far beyond traditional boundaries. Our team builds transformative campaigns that consistently deliver results, maximizing your return on investment by reaching the right people at the exact right moment. Leading brands trust us to navigate the complexities of this digital landscape because we prioritize sustainable growth and measurable success. Mastering these tools requires a partner who understands the nuances of modern marketing, and IRPR Agency is that partner. If you are curious about how we bridge the gap between platforms and profitability, our frequently asked questions cover everything from industry-specific benefits to the fundamentals of our strategy. Whether you are looking to refine your social media impact or scale your campaigns, our experts turn complex challenges into clear, effective roadmaps for your continued development. Let us help you achieve remarkable results with IRPR Agency.

- How DATA Transformed Spotify's Marketing Strategy: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered how a nine billion dollar company like spotify uses marketing to acquire 30 million new customers in a single year i'm not talking about the obvious stuff like building a valuable and user-friendly product or using a freemium business model to maximize the number of registered users i'm talking about the thought process that goes into building and managing a profitable marketing strategy at scale some other marketing strategies are remarkably simple like their facebook ads which utilize a rather simplistic ad creative and landing page design while they're more innovative ideas like their cheeky billboard ads are completely changing the way some people think about marketing in this video we're going to look more closely at these strategies and others to learn why they work and so that you can get inspiration for your own marketing campaigns in 2014 spotify started to realize how much data they had collected due to the millions of people using the platform so they approached a creative agency for some help figuring out how they could use it this led to the creation of the company's first year in review feature which is still being used today but is now called wrapped the feature allowed users to see the top five songs artists and genres they listened to over the past year they thought it would be a fun way to create some excitement among their users but they didn't expect that more than one million people would end up sharing their year and review graphic on social media this was a bit of a light bulb moment that led spotify down a path where they would continue looking for ways to tell interesting user stories using data the next evolution of this idea was named taste rewind which took a user's listening data and showed them what music they would likely have enjoyed they lived in a previous decade users were given a movie poster style graphic that they could share on social media and were also provided with a playlist of those songs to listen to in a 2020 keynote presentation spotify's creative director alex bodman explained how they decided to use data in 10 billboard advertisements in new york city in 2015. sorry not sorry williamsburg bieber's hit trended highest in this zip code it was a news story bieber posted it himself people were going there to take photos i saw it in my friend's feeds suddenly we realized there was some really interesting cultural stories and tensions we could be tapping into and had we used that real estate to say that we had over 40 million songs or that you could get three months for 99 cents there might have been some marketing impact but we wouldn't have had nearly the same impact and the same owned media the next year they expanded their billboard campaign using a similar concept like this billboard that read dear person who played sorry 42 times on valentine's day what did you do or this billboard that read dear person in la who listened to the forever alone playlist for four hours on valentine's day you okay this campaign generated massive awareness in many of the major news publications and online and by 2018 the campaign had been scaled to thousands of billboards built on the back of data-driven storytelling in an interview with yale spotify cmo seth farbman explained his philosophy on marketing stating that today many products and services are so similar almost commoditized that marketers must create differentiation beyond the product storytelling is not just important to marketing but core to how humans communicate people make emotional decisions first and then they rationalize them fardman believed that telling stories of spotify customers would be an effective way to create an emotional connection with their audience rather than simply touting the app's features you could argue that the data alone could make for an interesting ad concept but the stories behind the data is what makes these ads so memorable but how does a company that spends hundreds of millions of dollars on marketing each year ensure they're maintaining profitability let's take a look now at the economics of spotify to try and understand this a bit more spotify uses a freemium model this means users can sign up for a free account and gain access to some features but with restrictions lower sound quality ads and a required internet connection the purpose of a freemium model is for users to experience the service firsthand so they can get a sense of what the experience is like and whether or not the premium plan is worth paying 9.99 per month for spotify's main cost for delivering their service is music licensing expenses which amounted to approximately 5.8 billion dollars in 2020 or about two-thirds of their revenue for context it's estimated that artists earn approximately three to four thousand dollars for every one million streams on the platform in order for spotify's marketing team to run profitable advertising campaigns it's important they understand the key metrics that drive results the first metric is clv or customer lifetime value which tells us how much gross profit the company earns per customer on average over the lifetime using the service to measure their customer lifetime value we can take the average monthly revenue shopify earns from a typical customer which ranges from 9.99 to 14.99 per month we'll use 999 to be conservative then we multiply by the gross profit margins which based on the company's 2019 earnings was 25 and a half percent this gives us a monthly gross profit of 2.55 cents per customer we then divide that by their churn rate which is the average number of users who cancel their subscription each month according to statista spotify's churn rate is 4.8 percent this gives us a customer lifetime value of 53 dollars and 13 cents this means spotify earns approximately 53 dollars in gross profit for every paid customer they have this also means that spotify can remain profitable as long as their advertising efforts result in a cost to acquire customer of anything less than that 53 dollars not taking into consideration the operational costs to keep the business running according to david skoke a partner at a venture capitalist firm called matrix partners a viable subscription business should have a three to one customer lifetime value to customer acquisition cost ratio in other words the customer lifetime value should be three times as much as the cost to acquire customer giving the company enough margin to pay their operational expenses and still earn a reasonable profit based on this ratio for spotify to have a healthy subscription business its cost to acquire a premium user should be no higher than 17.70 we know that 46 of their 271 million users at the end of 2019 were paying for a premium plan which means their target cost to acquire a freemium user is eight dollars and fifteen cents to summarize if spotify's advertising efforts can generate new users at a cost of eight dollars and 15 cents each or less they have a healthy subscription business that's profitable facebook and instagram ads play an important role in the company's growth as well at the time of recording spotify has more than 3 300 active facebook ads in market across the world they run ads using all placements which includes facebook instagram audience network and messenger and when we look closely at their us ads we notice a few patterns first of all most ads focus on a specific artist the creative includes a photo that clearly identifies that artist with text overlay that reads the artist's name and a copy listen for free because many of these artists have large fan bases it's possible that spotify is targeting these artists as detailed interests at the ad set level this allows them to get their ads in front of people who probably like that artist and are likely to click on the ad by using a tool like facebook audience insights spotify can theoretically expand this detailed targeting to other artists that have high affinity scores for example fans of sammy hagar are 125 times more likely to like ac dc than the average facebook user in the us which makes them a suitable audience for spotify to serve this ac dc add to expanding the company's total advertising audience due to spotify's large user base i'm also sure that they're using lookalike audiences derived from their existing users in other words an entirely cold group of non-spotify users that share a lot in common with spotify's current users these look like audiences might be derived from user segments who are interested in a specific genre of music users who spend the most time using the service or maybe even users who spend the most money their large amount of data gives them a lot of targeting flexibility here we also see the same ads being served in both english and spanish which likely means that spotify is creating separate ad sets based on the facebook user's profile language furthermore we see ads being directed to both the apple store landing page and google play landing page to download spotify's mobile app this means the ad sets are likely also being separated based on the device the user is viewing the ad on there isn't too much to say about the ad copy itself it's pretty simple and to the point i imagine that spotify's strong brand recognition as well as the audience's strong affinity to the artists being advertised allows their team to get away without putting too much thought into the copy however it's also possible that through testing they've discovered that this copy performs best anyways many of their ads focus on the value proposition that you can join for free and as we discovered earlier spotify converts users from free accounts to premium accounts at a rate of 46 which is pretty substantial so at this point in their marketing funnel all they need to do is focus on maximizing the amount of users getting signed up instead of trying to get premium users from the get go we do see some ads that offer a one month free trial of the premium plan but they represent a much smaller percentage of the total in market ads these ads direct to spotify's pricing page where the user can compare premium plan features against each other my guess is that these ads are being retargeted exclusively to free users encouraging them to upgrade as opposed to targeting cold audiences that don't already have a spotify account their homepage is very simplistic there's no extraneous information there's only one thing for you to do it's to sign up for a free account if you got some value out of this video consider dropping a like below and make sure you check out my recent video on lululemon and the interesting strategy you're using with micro influencers thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @iniankumaravel3047 [4 likes]: Wow this video is so simple but feels so proffessional and really covers the concepts. I feel it should be much better appreciated! Please keep making good content like this
  2. @sampalumbo8599 [2 likes]: Wow! You are a genius. Thank you. I love it when you break stuff down like that. You dig deep into things. I get a much better understanding with every video you do. I appreciate it
  3. @y_k [1 likes]: Very cool and detailed video! Thank you!  Sorry,  but I did't catch how to calculate CAC for freemium user?
  4. @marketingbreadcrumbs: 📩 A weekly newsletter that reverse engineers marketing case studies:
https://marketingbreadcrumbs.com/youtube
  5. @Contentisdata: At 2:18, not a bad strategy, as long as the data usage is kept anonymous.
  6. @mrpincini: Great video!