- Ethos, Pathos, & Logos: How to Use Persuasive Ad Techniques: Kind: captions Language: en ♪ ♪ - The mission of O, that's good is to bring delicious, comfort food with a nutritious twist to all of America. When you find something great, I always want to share it. That is my inspiration. - It doesn't matter how many records are break. How many rings I went. I know I can always be better. There are two of me. There's a person I am. And the person I'm driven to be. We're in a constant chase. To become the best version of myself. - If you're intrigued by moviemaking as a career, this isn't the class for you. But if you need to make movies, if you feel like you can't rest until you've told this particular story that burning to tell then I could be speaking to you. I'm Martin Scorsese and this is my master class. - Clean enough? -Honey, you don't have to worry. Everyone's a little bit nervous in the first day of school. - Maybe I can make some new friends. - Okay. - Then I'll study hard and focus on school. On my own family. And my daughter. - That sound good. And then what? - And I can think of... - Well, that sounds like a good plan. - Clearly, my whitening toothpaste is not cutting it. - Time for white strips. - Crest glamorous white whitestrips are the only Ada accepted whitening strips proven to be safe and effective. They work below the enamel surface to whiten 25 times better than a leading whitening toothpaste. But here's something you might not know. After you see what others pay, just sign up for free and true cars certified dealers go to work. Not bad. They help you find your car. Very nice. It make you competitive offers. This is the one. Pom wonderful pure pomegranate juice is more than just full of antioxidants. It's packed with a burly battalion of free radical impaling antioxidants.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yuzilla-w4v [6 likes]: Thank god that this video exists, I have a project due tomorrow that I’ve been procrastinating on
  2. @KEVINLEONARDO2.0 [1 likes]: oni chan
  3. @Saber2345z [1 likes]: Here for ELA
  4. @Krnwwwn [1 likes]: Пон
  5. @Clippingcentury [1 likes]: im waching this because my teacher wanted me to;-;
  6. @alexex2002: who knew making creative advertising would be this complex :face-red-droopy-eyes:
  7. @totrcap: 1:17
  8. @ReadingStoriesGG: :face-red-heart-shape:
  9. @Henry_Norsal: How does the video define ethos?
build credibility with endorsements and testimonials


Explain how the first three videos accomplish representing ethos.
Well its not really cold hard facts but they seem famous and confidient in what they are saying


How does this video define pathos?
connect to viewers by evoking an emotional response


Explain how the next three videos accomplish representing pathos.
The first one is meant to be funny the second one is meant to be sad and the third one is meant to be trying to make you buy their stuff


How does the video define logos?
Create confidence with statistics and facts.



Explain how the last videos accomplish representing logos.
The first one shows the facts about the car and the second one shows how well the drink works then the third one shows how good the new iphone is
  10. @Paul1958R: Show me an advertiser and I'll show you
  11. @cherjonel: 01:25 Volvo
  12. @KEVINLEONARDO2.0: 🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠🤠
  13. @KEVINLEONARDO2.0: now im a furry woof woof bark bark
  14. @KEVINLEONARDO2.0: my dad left:face-purple-wide-eyes::face-purple-wide-eyes::face-purple-wide-eyes::face-purple-wide-eyes::face-purple-wide-eyes:
  15. @ErikFlom: I hope you got paid for this. ;)
  16. @valeryediamond7249: omg, when did I start to believe advertisements were telling the truth?
  17. @ramaigone9124: F24 Hadir
  18. @rockyahouse: had to watch this in class
  19. @aubreymanry7553: I wonder if they were payed to feature these specific ads
  20. @JxcobBurress: Ms evans class yo

- Top 5 Persuasive Advertising Examples: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Alex from HubSpot and today, I'm going to talk to you about persuasive advertising. If you enjoy this video, don't forget to like it and subscribe to our channel. Post any questions or suggestions you have in the comments below. Let's get started. As marketers, we know that if we want to persuade an audience, we need to evoke an emotional response from them. But how do you actually do that? In this video, we'll analyze five persuasive advertising examples and teach you the techniques each of these brands use to grip their audience's attention. Showing, not telling your audience about your products' benefits, is one of the best ways to capture attention and get an emotional response. Obviously, Nikol paper towels can't actually turn grapes into raisins, but this ad highlights the product's absorbent powers in such a clear and clever way, they didn't even need to write a single line of copy. In relation to food, the word "hot" has multiple meanings. Having a high temperature and being spicy. Heinz brilliantly uses the connotation of high temperature to highlight the spiciness of their ketchup. And this clever persuasive advertising technique helped them instantly attract people's attention. With this crafty the use of guerilla marketing, Monda pasta perfectly aligns their copy with their creative. The guy slurping the noodle literally can't let go because the noodle is a rope tied to a dock. By designing such a visual, unexpected, and literal ad with a seemingly one dimensional prop, the audience's eyes can't let go of this ad either. Another example of guerrilla marketing. Bic takes advantage of an unkempt field to highlight the power of their razors. By mowing a small strip of grass on a field, this ad is an unconventional, simple, and innovative way to catch people's attention and spotlight their razor's shaving capabilities. Siemens' skillful ad shows the benefits of their product by unexpectedly placing their washers and dryers in a library, to show you that they're so quiet, even a librarian wouldn't need to shush them. Looking for even more advertising inspiration? Click the link in the description to learn more. Thanks for watching. If you enjoyed this video,be Be sure to like it and subscribe. Let me know how you're doing in the comments below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ceri-annblokdyk2301 [5 likes]: this was so helpfull thank you .
  2. @elnazghofrani9692 [2 likes]: Helpful for my asignment. Thank you
  3. @mariantile_i8433 [2 likes]: where is the link in the description that the speaker refers to?
  4. @FactoriaCreativaBarcelona [2 likes]: Great Video :)
  5. @HubSpotMarketing [1 likes]: Use HubSpot's free Advertising Planning Kit to organize and launch your ad campaigns -> https://clickhubspot.com/sd7
  6. @jojising1199 [1 likes]: What are the three example of advertisement?
  7. @Asadali-yx7rj: Good video
  8. @Asadali-yx7rj: Nice video
  9. @violentcrimes2072: Is this ethos, pathos and logos
  10. @shabrinasharmin2867: Can I have your what's app number? Need advertisement help

- 7 Things to Know BEFORE You Start an E-commerce Business: Kind: captions Language: en in this video i'm going over the seven things you absolutely have to know before starting a successful ecommerce business that brings great profits these are the things i wish i knew before starting because if i did it would have made my life a lot easier if you follow these tips i guarantee you that you'll have one a better vision to a more successful launch and three a long lasting company that pays you for years and years this video is sponsored by alibaba.com so i want to say thanks to them anyways let's get started the first thing you need to know about ecommerce is that the opportunities are vast a lot of people think that e-commerce is oversaturated and that it'd be impossible for them to start up a successful business the truth is that yes it is harder to start an e-commerce business today than it was maybe five years ago but there is still so much more opportunity available and i really want to make this point clear because i think a lot of people are on the edge of starting a business but just never follow through with it because they get discouraged let's take a look at this chart which shows the ecommerce share of total global retail sales from 2015 all the way to 2023. as you can see e-commerce has been growing very very strongly since 2015 with the year-to-year growth getting higher and higher and higher this shows that there is more opportunity today than there was maybe five years ago i think that if i had known this i would have put a lot more time and effort into my own ecommerce ventures which i do now on the side but they aren't my main focus make sure to check out my 10 sources of income at age 28 video if you want to see what other things i do but yes ecommerce is one of my side hustles it's not one of my main businesses but seeing this growth of ecommerce absolutely makes me think hey maybe i should spend more time on my ecommerce businesses the fact is that direct to consumer and private labeling is growing at an extremely fast pace manufacturers and brands are realizing that they don't need to work with these retail partners they can bypass them keep their profits high and be more in control of their brand and their audience so that is where you come in that's where you come in with that private labeling there are so many different opportunities in this field and i suggest you guys if you're interested in e-commerce in any way do some more research into this business model it's such a great way to make money and it's not just the us global ecommerce sales will top 4 trillion dollars in 2020 and reach 6.5 trillion dollars by the year 2021 every retailer is shifting more and more towards e-commerce investing more in their digital footprint as well as their online presence even chipotle is investing heavily in their online platform so if restaurants are doing it then of course retail is like 10 times more likely to basically my point is that there is so much opportunity for you to do well in this space there's always going to be way more consumers as there are creators and sellers and there is a never-ending and growing group of people who buy everything online so take advantage of this huge shift to start your own business this first point should really speak to you if you've been on the fence of starting your own e-commerce business and think that e-commerce is something that is one too late to get into or too too hard to get into it's not too late people are starting e-commerce businesses today and a lot of them are seeing success and two regarding the concern that it might be too hard well yes it is a hard business to get right but if you are able to succeed it's gonna change your life completely and create a whole brand new stream of income for you it's also extremely scalable which is one of the most important things i look into before starting a business all right next up is the fact that marketing is king this is stuff that you really should know yourself before you hire it out to other people first there are hundreds of ways to market and get sales and it's a field that's always evolving so you constantly have to be experimenting or learning in order to get the best roi return on your investment now why is marketing so important i think the main factor is visibility without visibility no one will buy your product because no one will see and no one will know that it exists it could literally be the best product in the world but without adequate marketing it's going to be very hard to succeed and you know i've learned this personally the hard way with my first clothing business called charge athletics this company ultimately failed because i just did not understand the importance of marketing i spent so much time building the brand building the clothes designing them getting them made that i didn't apply any effort into the marketing side and so while i think that my products were pretty good the fact is that not enough people knew about the brand and i was also very stingy with my marketing dollars i'd run one campaign stop it after spending maybe 20 and just be like why don't more people know about my brand well it was because of the lack of marketing i really wish i had this expectations before starting my own first e-commerce brand because you know it affects your priorities i always like to say that marketing is first and your product is a close second there's two types of marketing the first is to raise brand awareness and the second is to increase your sales you want to have a marketing plan and this marketing plan totally depends on your type of business and product for some instagram influencer marketing might be the best roi for some youtube ads google ads sponsored posts social media those could be a lot better it does involve a fair degree of trial and error so you have to enter with the expectation that the first few dollars that you spend on marketing aren't going to fully work out but if you keep trying and trying you will stumble upon a type of marketing strategy that works for your brand or company a mentor will for sure help and a marketing agency would be great but that's only if you have the money to spend there's gonna be a time where every dollar you put into your marketing strategy is gonna generate let's say three five even ten dollars of profit when this does happen you can scale this campaign and that's really going to help you make your brand successful all right so now let's talk about alibaba.com who's the sponsor of this video they're the first company i've ever worked with to sponsor a video and i'm super happy because i use alibaba.com to find all my product suppliers and chances are 99 of you guys will as well we'll go over two events that they're hosting for e-commerce sellers that you guys will find super helpful basically they connect buyers all across the world with over 100 000 suppliers on their ecommerce marketplace they have over 40 different product categories and you can search for good products to sell send buying requests get quotes and work directly and safely with suppliers right now they are having their super september annual event which helps small and medium-sized businesses find great deals on new products to sell it's a live stream event where you can connect directly with suppliers as a buyer you can browse new product assortments and design solutions in 3d reality and virtual showrooms so if you're thinking about starting your own e-commerce business then this is the perfect event for you and i totally wish i had something like this when i first started they'll have tons of big discounts for buyers during the super september event so i'm positive that it can save you a lot of money for example they do have benefits like reduced transaction fees 60-day payment terms without any fees as well as big discounts on shipping costs the second thing i want to talk about is that they are giving away 50 000 to spend on products as well as 30 other winners of smaller products it's called their 50k challenge 2020 campaign to enter follow alibaba.com on facebook and then share your own 2020 business story so basically like what your business is how you got started the roblox you faced your successes and pretty much anything else you want to share share the post with your network and then take a screenshot of your post and send it to them by the deadline that is listed on their facebook page the 20 posts with the most likes by september 21st will move on to the next round there a panel of judges will select one winner who will win that fifty thousand dollars to spend on products and they're also picking 10 best stories every week for other special prizes so if you potentially want to win 50 000 to start off your e-commerce business then this is a pretty cool opportunity i'll post a link to their facebook page below so that you guys can enter all right back to the video all right next up is that your customers should not be everyone this is a very important part because i think that a lot of new e-commerce people think that if they make a product that appeals to everyone then everyone will want to buy it the truth however is that if you do have a product that appeals to everyone that product will likely only appeal to everyone a little bit certainly not enough to get them to buy there's a certain tipping point or a hump that the customer has to get over in order to buy your product and based on past experience general products are just not likely to make that cut instead that customer is likely to just purchase something that's more specialized or more directed at a certain need the most successful products and this is especially true for private labeling are niche products this is a type of product that you don't think that there would be too much demand for but there actually is so when you are creating your first product just note that it does not need to appeal to everyone and like i said before it actually should not appeal to everyone it should be a product that clearly fits the bill for a small group of people like for example rose gold rimmed plastic cups or a journal with specific prompts or questions that only a small subset of people would like aiming your product at a smaller also helps with your marketing return on investment no one has enough money to market to everyone in the world so don't even think about it instead what you want to do is you want to market towards a specific crowd of people and for most the more narrow this crowd is the better not only does it make your marketing budget smaller but also makes it far more effective and it makes your conversion rate way better as well so think about your gold buyer their age their demographic their interest their location their gender their values and that is something you need to have in mind when developing that product if you can pinpoint a certain type of person that is most likely to buy a product then that is a great sign the next thing i want to talk about is the fact that your pre-launch is more important than you think a lot of people think that if they make a good product then sales will start flowing in the moment they launch it however you guys this is just not true there's just too many different products brands or services in the world and the fact is that without a proper pre-launch strategy no one is going to buy your product on the first day it's launched one crucial thing that a lot of companies miss is starting to market before they create the product this can be done by creating an audience a newsletter a website or a social media account before the product is ready to sell a lot of successful e-commerce companies are started way after that initial audience is created and this is why i'm such a big fan of personal branding this is one of the most powerful ways to build an audience before you ever start a company and by having a successful personal brand you have this pre-built audience who's going to support whatever business you have in the future the same goes for a popular website or a social media account with a lot of followers as long as these accounts are targeted to specific interests then they should react pretty well to any future marketing for a company that you create the sort ties into marketing but this type of marketing is done way before a product is built and even before a product is conceptualized this is the number one way to guarantee that your company has a successful launch and sees sales at the beginning as you guessed my company charge did not have a good pre-launch strategy so on the first day we launched i got zero sales all right so the next thing on my list is when you find a product and you start building a product you have to change at least one thing about it this differentiating factor is probably going to be tied to some type of solution for a problem but i have to emphasize that you don't need to completely reinvent the wheel if you're trying to create a product you know what you want to do is take an existing product and ask yourself is there one thing that i can change about this that is going to make it better it can be the price the design the color dimensions functionality etc we don't need more sellers selling the exact same product what we do need is more sellers finding solutions to existing problems creating something that is a little bit better and then selling that that is when you create real value and that is also when you can differentiate your product from the competition so how do you do this well one of the best ways to do this is to look at reviews of the types of products you're trying to sell look for certain pain points or common feedback that you see in multiple reviews take that and use it as free market research for your type of product and then of course implement it before starting ecom you just need to know that differentiation it essentially keeps your competition farther away and it's giving value to your customer you aren't giving value to your customer if you're selling them the exact same thing that everyone else sells but you are if yours is a little bit different aka it matches their needs a little bit better or is just an improved product overall all the products i've ever sold in my entire life have always had some type of differentiating factor i've done bundles i've done different dimensions and sizes that i thought would work better and i've also made cheaper alternatives to name a few this is an important strategy that i definitely recommend implementing in your first e-commerce business because without it your life is going to be a lot more tough all right another thing that is imperative to the success of any brand especially its long-term success is creating a story around that brand i know this sounds sort of cliche but storytelling plays such a vital part in creating an identity as well as an authentic relationship with the buyer not only does it help with your brand loyalty but it also helps with your marketing so when you are marketing using like a story or emotions this allows that ad or whatever it is you're using to connect with the audience on a whole different level so that's really why i wish i knew this before i started it would have changed the way that i shape the brand for example the motives the brand slogan and images and probably most importantly the website for the website i totally would have changed the way that i portrayed the brand for example with my clothing company charged instead of selling the clothes and how great they were i should have tried to sell the story and experience of actually wearing the clothes people like to buy not only a product but also the story behind it and when they do participate in the story that creates a big win for you for example take a look at the brand patagonia who does such a good job at this their buyers completely feel like part of the brand when they wear their clothes so this will not only boost your short-term growth although you know it is harder to market initially with a story than versus just peer marketing but it also ensures that your products and your last a long time a story is hard to create but it's like building equity in your company the stronger you get your story be more efficient your marketing will be and hence you will have a better return on investment it also encourages people to share the story and the brand this word of mouth will pay huge dividends throughout the course of your business alright the last thing you guys need to know before starting your ecommerce business is that customer service is key if you take a look at some of the most successful e-commerce businesses one key reason why they succeed is because of their customer service for example take a look at zappos and their ceo tony 75 of their purchases are from returning customers so you can see that they are extremely loyal and also about 44 of the customers heard about them through word of mouth a huge contributor to this is how they treat their customers their ceo tony shea is known for his unconventional approach to customer service he has said that his goal with customer service is not to save money and it's not to be highly efficient instead the only metric that he uses is how happy and how satisfied that customer is at the end of that service interaction i wish i knew this before starting my own ecommerce businesses because you know lots of businesses they just don't prioritize customer satisfaction as they should and this is another means of differentiation but it's more on the company level and not really the product level placing your customer first places money into your future business and gratitude bank account the more positive customer service interactions the more full this jar gets so this point is crucial for both you as the ceo as well as any customer service representatives that you hire in the future you have to train them well and you have to make the priority of top-notch customer service extremely extremely clear i guarantee you that any of those extra minutes you spend making the customer happy or any extra dollars you spend making them happy will pay off in the long run plus it's just a better way of running a business so yeah you guys those are my biggest takeaways things that you need to know before starting your own ecommerce business it's not easy and it certainly takes a lot of time to set up any good business but the more you wait the harder it's going to be so you know i just really encourage you guys to take that leap and learn from the process i'm so grateful that i took the chances with my own e-commerce businesses and yes some of them have failed and some of them have been successful but really you don't know until you try so yeah hopefully you guys found this video helpful if you did make sure to share it with a friend who's thinking about starting their own ecommerce business and hey drop a like and subscribe if you want to see more content just like this i make a ton of videos about personal finance investing in entrepreneurship thank you so much and i'll see you guys in the next video peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @CharlieChang [922 likes]: Who's starting their own e-commerce business this year?
Build your e-commerce store with Shopify and get 3 months for just $1/month:
https://shopify.pxf.io/XY3vkb
  2. @Lodewikus [34 likes]: 1. There are lots of opportunities
2. Marketing is king
3. Your customer should not be everyone
4. Prelaunch
5. Differentiation
6. Create a story
7. Customer service is key
  3. @nior712 [7 likes]: is this still relevant in 2025? i hear about these beautiful things just a little too late .. fml
  4. @CashlabOnline [3 likes]: Everybody reading this you are going to become successful
  5. @VictoriaChavez-r4m9n [2 likes]: Great points about the importance of personalization and how a well-defined customer focus can lead to more effective marketing! Really inspiring to see the energy and potential in the e-commerce space.
  6. @DealHunterProdz [1 likes]: Old video but still clearly explains it well.
  7. @MadisonJMunn [1 likes]: The best ideas Ive gotten are from brands and e-commerce that actually buy from
  8. @FavianTech: Been looking into e-commerce brands Austin Texas lately — any recommendations around here?
  9. @semihbatl94: I ended up automating price change tracking for myself because manual monitoring was killing time.
Still testing things out.
  10. @helloBlendi: If you are more of a hands-on learner I have made video where I share my screen and show you how to find supplier. Link is in my channel's 'About' section if anyone needs it!
  11. @Migyikra: I want to pack my first order but have none what to do
  12. @AndreeaCe: Electronic-commerce- Now listen here dummies...
- You first need electricity;
- 2ndly you need a product or service;
- 3rdly you need a payment vendor, a legit one;
- 4th you need electricity;
- 5th you need internet connection;
.
.
- 6th you need commerce laws based on the market (jurisdiction you're going to operate)
Now listen here dummies...
- you need to know maths...
  13. @PekkaKettunen-f5g: Thank you
Great video
  14. @sl-fu3uh: Niche = low demand...
  15. @cashfather: Thanks! Will be passing this along
  16. @thinkcartology: Totally agree, getting the right strategies early saves so much time and money. 
For anyone here who’s ready to start but feeling stuck, what’s the one question holding you back from launching?
  17. @NaydenMarinov: Definitely sharing this with my team.
  18. @lyvivas7284: Planning to start
Looking for an item to start with
  19. @skynixllc: Thank you for 7 things!  This helped us to make a right decision.
  20. @Unsandboxed: Great video! I'm really interested in diving into the world of e-commerce, but I know it's tougher than it looks. I'm super curious about what insider tips or common pitfalls you’ll discuss. It's always helpful to know what challenges might lie ahead before starting any new venture. Can't wait to see if you cover topics like choosing the right platform, understanding logistics, and marketing strategies. Thanks for sharing this valuable information!

- The Psychology of Premium Branding: Kind: captions Language: en Why do some brands just feel so premium? You see, we all had the same feeling. We go into a store, we see a product, and we instantly think that must be expensive. Premium brands like Nike or Ralph Lauren or Lululemon or others have mastered more than good design. They've actually mastered how to advertise in a way that makes you want to pay 10 times the price for a certain product. So, how do these premium brands make you want to pay 10 times the price? You see, these brands have spent billions trying to crack the human brain and understand customer psychology. The same timeless principles that these brands use, I've been using them to scale over 50 plus e-commerce stores in the past 5 years, running campaigns that have generated millions of dollars for all the brands that we worked with. And in this video, I'll break down the core principles for premium advertising. We'll go through timeless campaigns to today's social media landscape and how you can use the same psychology to position your brand as a premium business, command higher prices, and create a category of one. You see, when you take a look at the world's most prestigious premium brands, you find out that they're kind of scattered in terms of industry. You've got German car companies, you've got fine Italian clothing brands, you've got premium coffee brands. They all look different on the surface. Yet, we all agree that they are all premium. The common denominator that all of these businesses have is that they can command higher prices. And that's because when you strip away the logos and the trends, what you find is timeless principles that are used and reused and reused to cultivate that premium feeling. So there's three main principles that all premium brands share. One of them, the most important one is exclusivity. You see, there's something inherently magical about exclusive items. It's a feeling of owning something that not everyone can own. And you see, exclusivity is not scarcity. It's more about creating a narrative. It's more about creating a story around the product that elevates that product beyond its functional value. And what happens is the product itself becomes secondary. The ownership, the status, the story, the luxury of it, everything that isn't the product is the most important factor that makes it more desirable. Some of the most recognized brands of all time have been applying this principle for decades. To get a grasp of one of the best examples, we need to go back to 1929 and look at Packard Motor Company. At the height of the 20th century, the automobile market was dominated by mass market manufacturers like Chevrolet and Ford. What happened is cars became more and more affordable, leaving little space to competitors and so brands like Packard Motor Company were threatened to become irrelevant. And so this company led by Henry Joy took a very bold counterintuitive approach. They launched a campaign for discriminating clientele and the goal was to speak to a very niche subsegment of the market that was valuing craftsmanship. The story behind the car, how it was made, the features, the benefits, all the luxury that was in it by using a very specific messaging pattern. What happened is Packard was appealing to the elites and these elites represented a very unique space in a crowded market. The campaign obviously was a major success and Packard is now remembered as one of the first companies to position a business or a brand, not just as the product that it sells, but as the story and the prestige that it embodies. So exclusivity isn't about making your product scarce or telling people that it's out of stock. It actually comes from noticing that your product is actually better than the competition, but from an angle that hasn't been used before, that is kind of unique. A great example comes from Madmen where Don Draper is working on a campaign that's the Lucky Strike campaign. Despite increasing the skepticism and the backlash from the public about tobacco and its health issues, they reposition the product as premium by emphasizing a unique quality. >> Everybody else's tobacco is poisonous. Lucky Strikes is toasted. >> And this subtle reframing essentially allowed customers and the crowd to identify this product as a premium luxury product rather than just another cigarette. But exclusivity is not alone. Remember, we have three principles. If you only speak to how exclusive your product is, you're not going to get the impact that you're trying to go for. The product must also speak to who the customer is, their aspirations, their goals, their vision, their values, their principles. Everything about them needs to be identified and condensed into the product. So, the second principle is identification. Exclusivity, it gets the attention, but what keeps the attention locked in is identity. You see, premium brands don't just sell a product. They sell a reflection of who the customer thinks they are and they double down on that story to emphasize the identity that the product creates in the customer. You see, premium brands understand that when a customer buys an expensive product, they're not just buying an expensive product. They are consciously and willingly signaling something about themselves. So, in other words, think about the product becoming the mirror of who the customer is. So, by the 1950s, Chanel Numero Sank was a product that was a premium product. However, new products started coming and flooding the shelves. There was also a shift in customer behavior because women were becoming increasingly independent and looking for products that reflected that confidence and sophistication. And so, Chanel faced a problem that many premium brands face is how do you maintain desiraability without diluting exclusivity and reach out to a broader audience. What they did was actually genius because instead of thinking about any product features or highlighting the ingredients or highlighting this about the product or this specific thing, they thought about how to position their product to appeal to the identity of who they were selling it to. And they launched one of their most famous campaigns. Every woman alive adors Chanel Numero and this was extremely bold at the time, but it was genius. every single level of society at the time aspired to be someone that could afford this product. And so it created this insane demand for this specific product because their campaign positioned the fragrance as a symbol of elegance, femininity, and sophistication. And so appealing to your customers means that you are reflecting the traits that customers aspire to see in themselves. You're painting a picture of who they want to become as a person, and you're positioning your product as the vehicle or the bridge between their situation and where they want to go. Knowing who your customer is and reflecting that back through your product to make them feel as though they they need to belong to your club is an amazing amazing strategy that you can use um within your products as well. However, if you want to take it to the next level, we're going to talk about the third principle, which is essentially how to tell a good story. Because exclusivity gets the attention, it makes people desire a product. Identity makes them tie their sense of of who they are into that specific product. But storytelling is what makes your brand unforgettable. And so the three tied together, it creates the perfect storm to unleash unfathomable scale for your company. You see, storytelling isn't about creative logos or creative visuals or whatever. It's about connecting your product. It's about creating a story. It's about it's about creating a narrative around your product that connects the product itself with your customer and who they aspire to be. It's about creating a story that connects the product with the brand with the consumer's life. And so what normally is a rather casual act of just purchasing a product becomes an experience that is embedded with emotion, meaning and memory. And you see timeless premium brands have understood this and have been applying this for decades now. They understand that across industries and eras, the most effective marketing campaigns, the most effective portrayal of a product is really when you invite the customer to be a part of the story you're creating. And you base that story based on who they are as a person and who they aspire to be creating an experience and inviting them to be in an exclusive club. So by the mid200s, Nespresso was facing a similar challenge. Espresso faced a classic challenge for any premium brand. Coffee was everywhere. Espresso machines were becoming common. The product itself was functional. But how do you differentiate yourself? How do you make it feel like it's a more sophisticated and more luxury and more premium product? Well, Nespresso understood that they needed more than the tasty pod or an effective machine or a good machine. They understood that they were not in the market of selling coffee. They needed to shift to selling a story, a story that everyone wanted to be a part of. The solution, George Culin. Who else do you need? And so what they did is they cast George Clooney as the face of the brand. Someone who was sophisticated, witty, good-looking, a discerning coffee lover, someone that embodied the lifestyle that Nespresso wanted to communicate. And so Clooney wasn't just like your regular celebrity actor or just someone with a with a pretty face. He was literally the embodiment of the story Nespresso wanted to create. He was a symbol of the aspirations of the typical consumer of coffee. And so and so that's why every single commercial was extremely attractive. It was a story. It wasn't just an ad. You were looking at a story, an embodiment of what you wanted out of your life. And you were watching it live on TV. And the slogan, what else? Wasn't just another slogan. It was simple. It was memorable. And it reinforced the idea that Nespresso wasn't just a choice. It was a conscious decision for those who appreciate refinement and the good things in life. Look, these three fundamental principles have not changed. They're still there and they're still being used and used and used and used. And so what used to work on billboards and print ads and TV commercials is now being applied on social media. And today's premium brands still rely on these three principles to position themselves as the only solution for the sophisticated buyer. But the way they deliver those ideas has evolved. The first example, Lululemon. Lululemon doesn't do limited editions as much as it does limited experience. The Sweat Life campaign invited only brand ambassadors, loyal customers, and people that belong to the Lululemon family to really show their lifestyle. Effectively saying, "This is a club you join, not a discount that you get." When it comes to identity, owning Lululemon says a lot about you as a person. It tells people that you're a high performer or an aspiring high performer and that you are mindful. And so, the videos that you see, these aren't models or people that are faking it just for the sake of the ad. They're yoga teachers, runners, community leaders. These people embody who the customer aspires to be. And it makes the customer see themselves as part of that tribe. Tribe that is fit, healthy, disciplined, and balanced. They're not your typical static ads or your typical buy this get one free, whatever. They're really about showing the lifestyle. They're mini documentaries, usually 15 to 30 seconds, and they show people in their routines. They show someone in their morning run. They show someone meditating, someone training, and it really puts the perspective of the customer because now they see the product as being part of a certain lifestyle rather than just the product for what it is, which is a garment. Represent clothing is another example that is very valuable to analyze. Represent built its business by drops. So, they don't stock forever. They drop. Once it's gone, it's gone. And so, that's a great tactic for built-in exclusivity. When it comes to identity, it is a clear bias that they took when it comes to portraying who the brand is for and who it isn't for. You can see the visuals, the founders story, the YouTube channel, the documentaries, all the content that they put out is for a specific segment of the market and they set out to dominate that segment of the market. And so they are hyperfocused and hyper aware of who they want to convert into a buyer. Their social ads are just stories being told. And you see the founders really involved in um just showing the lifestyle and really embodying that lifestyle and being the beacon uh that shows customers what the brand is for. And so it creates that narrative that customers just love and want to be a part of. And that's really really powerful storytelling. So seeing all of these brands like Lululemon and represent how they weave exclusivity and identity and storytelling into their ads, it makes one thing very very clear. Premium ads are not about the visual. They're about creating a world where your customers want to step into. So the real question is, how do you take all of this theory and you extract all of these principles and you apply them in real life? How do you apply them to your own products? That's the real question. And we have a threestep process that we personally use for premium brands that premium brands that want to portray themselves as premium or brands that aspire to be premium brands and that need help to really just craft their strategy and their positioning. We have a three-step process. It's very very simple. So the first thing the foundational step is research and psychology mapping. It's what I call psychology mapping because essentially what you want to create is you want to create a clear picture of the psychological breakdown or the psychological profile of who your customer is and you want to understand what are their triggers when it comes to recognizing exclusivity. I might go to someone and they might see a um a watch, a luxury watch like for example a PC Philippe with some crazy complications that you know a watch maker spent thousands of hours making. However, they might care about something else. And so we need to understand what does exclusive mean to the customers. And so we create an aspirational identity for every single customer segment. We understand that, you know, we've got people that are not aware of anything that's going on when it comes to your product and we've got people that are very aware of your product. They're very aware of how it compares to your competitors. And so, we need to understand what your customers value. That's the first step. The main challenge then is to identify kind of the mood of your social ads because ads by essence have to be a little bit more aggressive than your organic content or your uh typical publication that just isn't conversion driven. it needs to be conversiondriven. Okay? And so what that means is you're going to be selling at some point or you're going to weave some selling um you know psychology in it to encourage a certain decision. Now when we do that we cannot waver from the direction that you sent out with your business. Like for example you know if Lululemon just starts blasting you know 40% off 50% off 60% off like all these crazy discount offers um you know every single month that will tarnish their brand in the long term it's not good. short term they might make a few sales sure but in the long term it'll hurt their brand identity. Okay. So we need to make sure that we identify the marketing vector that is going to be consistent throughout every single ad that we launch. And so once we do that once we have that marketing vector we need to see and set a spectrum of ad variance that we're going to use so that we have the latitude of testing as many ads as possible. But we also want to understand that not every single format or not every single concept of an ad is going to resonate with customers. And so we need to create this matrix if you will. I call it a spectrum. Just essentially saying no to certain things because it's not on brand per se and identifying where we can have the latitude in testing. And so we need to create a balance between the marketing vector that we set out and the creative testing framework. And that's a logistical problem essentially. The other thing is optimizing for performance. So essentially when you start launching campaigns, what you need to understand is you're not just going to look at purchases, okay? You're going to look at fundamental metrics that tell you how your story is doing. You know, your hook rate, your video hold rate, click-through rate. Obviously, there's also your retention. If you do cohort analysis, and you want to see exactly if people are coming back, especially if you're in fashion and you've got people coming back, that's a great sign that you're really weaving that storytelling and that identity and people are just resonating with your brand. That's a good signal. And so when you're optimizing for performance, you don't always want to be rorowaz, rorowaz, rorowaz or purchases, purchases, purchases. Yes, that's very important obviously, but you also want to take into account the bigger picture. You want to understand, okay, how is your brand scaling? Not just your revenue, how is your brand actually scaling, your brand equity? Are you converting new people into the ecosystem? Right? That's the question you need to ask yourself. We did it very well. We've uh been helping a brand called Slate Swim, which is a a premium swimwear brand based in LA. And we've been helping them for the past four years. And it's essentially this evolution. How can we know our customers better than they know themselves so we can show them a story that attracts them? How can we then set a marketing vector that is consistent but doesn't really constrain us in how much um we can test and which formats and which ads and data points are we going to take a look at to evaluate performance. And so for this brand for example, we took them from literally zero to seven figures in sales and taking them to multiple seven figures in the next few months. So that's the process of really understanding how to position your brand into a premium player in your industry and just carve a category of one. If you want me and my team to implement this process for you, you can book a call by going into the first link in the description. You'll be speaking with me and we'll see if this process is a good fit for you. Because at the end of the day, premium ads are about creating a feeling in your customer. It's not about getting the sale. It's really about getting the sale, but also doing it in a way that creates a feeling that makes them come back. If you take anything from this video, let it be this. Exclusivity makes people want your product. Identity makes them see themselves in it. And storytelling makes them remember you. And so, when you combine all of these timeless principles, your brand is essentially going to be attracting customers at will that it can service. And so I want you to ask yourself this question right now. What world am I creating for my customers? And why would they even care to be a part of it? Hope you enjoyed the video. I'll see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @omareddaoudi795 [63 likes]: Thanks for watching! If you want to grow your Ecom brand, I specialise in scaling brands to 7+ figures. Let's talk 🚀 https://www.ogrowthlabs.com/schedule-a-call/?el=PsychologyAdvertising&htrafficsource=youtube
Join my free community: https://www.skool.com/the-scaling-lab-8748/about
  2. @azy_242 [1 likes]: 16:43 that’s da real marketing
  3. @Sanakhan-oe8ks: unfirgettable ? i still forget names of my fav luxury brands  thanks to my adhd!!!!!!
  4. @parasjoshi570: Thank you.
  5. @MustafaGokcegozoglu: Perfect video for marketing interns. Thanks a lot!
  6. @rudxde: You are talking about luxury, premium is above average but still gives you more value for your money, luxury gives you also more value but for extremely more money.

Look at cars, a mid Mercedes or Bmw are really good cars which are just higher quality and a bit more expensive than a regular car. A Bentley, Rolls Royce etc are luxury cars.

With premium there are logical arguments why you could need it with luxury it's just feeling.
  7. @theworldthen: thank you for this timeless piece of Gold. Im trying to build a creative service brand and this video has given me a lot of insights
  8. @AB-12345: Are you Muslim?
  9. @Mr.HarryWild: Ferrari Luce for example?😁🤡
  10. @NextDecadeFiles: Very useful and well edited video. Respect mate
  11. @gia.experiments: Great video thank you🤗
  12. @SelfMotivation-d4v: Premium brands r just overrated ngl they are only popular because some influencer makes a vid about it then people try to be a part of it
  13. @noagabrile93: bro your community skool isn't free as you said in description "Join my free community:"
  14. @mohit.choraria: bro i was wathcing the last part in puboic
  15. @LEVera0: You got me to subscribe within the first 30 seconds!
  16. @PNART-RSA: I just recently started my own brand. This information is so helpful
  17. @aqualifestylefreedom3624: Great explanation!
  18. @jessetech4you: I have never view Nike as a premium brand
  19. @Nexoraonyt: Premium thumbnail.
Premium presentation.
Premium editing.
  20. @PithyParadigm: you can't put lululemon and premium in the same sentence, sorry

- How luxury brands do marketing | 24 Anti-Laws of Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en Quick question: Is Gucci a luxury brand or a premium brand? Speaking of luxury brands, some brands might pop up in your mind And many people differentiate luxury brands by price but is it correct? What makes luxury brands so special and irreplaceable? Are there any rules of being luxury brands? What is the difference between luxury, premium and fashion strategy? You’ll figure that out via this episode. Hi everyone! Welcome to fashion brief! This episode I would introduce luxury marketing strategy This will be a general guide for you to differentiate brands by brand positioning The information is based on a book called the luxury strategy. Written by 2 scholars Vincent Bastien/ Jean-Noël Kapferer are internationally recognized thought leaders on brand and luxury management and both of them are professors at HEC Paris. This is actually a book that opened the world of luxury for me So I think it is also necessary for you to know If you are interested in the book, I also put the link below. According to the question I asked the beginning, are there any special rules of being a luxury brand? Yes there is. There are some laws of marketing in luxury It is called anti-laws of marketing There are 24 of them However, personally I do not everything can be applied to the current situations now when we observe from what the luxury big names are doing For example, Louis Vuitton the brand in my point of view is playing on the edge of the laws For either style or collaboration with streetwear brands But I mean if they are one of the pioneers of luxury brands What can we say? Maybe they are also redefining the meaning of luxury Let’s figure that out! Luxury brands are dream builders. Speaking of luxury brands We really need to forget about ‘positioning’ because they are not comparative In comparison to premium brands although they are also in a higher-level positioning They tend to leak information of some functions in their marketing strategy Premium strategy is about pay more get more Functionality is key because it enables consumers to benchmark and compare with different functionalities and brands For me, the best example of premium brand is Hugo boss Hugo boss’s brand strategy is divided into 2 sub brands namely HUGO and BOSS HUGO is young and hipster while BOSS is more mature and premium I have to say plenty of brands set their brand strategy in between luxury and premium strategy Sometimes it is not easy to differentiate Also although luxury products are expensive with high quality They are not flawless I think this example should be interesting, namely “watches” There are two sorts of watches which are mechanic & quartz The biggest flaw of mechanic watches is that it's not as accurate as quartz watches Why do people still buy mechanical watch? People buy it because of its craftsmanship Speaking of advertising, the role of advertising in the luxury context is not to sell Namely they usually provide or demonstrate a pure visual Instead of emphasizing on some functionalities of some products Take the Cartier ad for instance you can see there’s only one panther in the middle With a red classic Cartier box This is really obvious that they are not trying to sell any products Because there is no product in the ad Rather they showcase just an image representing the Cartier spirit So what's the aim of advertising in luxury? The aim is to build up brand awareness of course And also keep reminding consumers that this is the dream you are chasing for Luxury customers are normally educated customers. They are ready to pay more... but getting much more. Luxury sets the price, price does not set luxury This is also the reason why people misunderstand expensive products are luxury goods It really depends on the brands’ positioning and strategy In luxury when an imagined price is higher than the actual price, it creates value Normally if we don’t have an idea of the price range for luxury brands We might guess it in a higher price level than its actual price And this is exactly the endeavor that luxury brands are doing to make us feel the products are valuable If you have the experience of buying luxury goods You might notice that the price will be raised by certain percentage every year By doing so, luxury brands are also creating even more value for the products Luxury strategy is mainly about value creation, namely building up dreams Dreams have a dimension of non-accessibility yet remaining at a close distance Hence, it is important to create an approachable dream Now you might notice that luxury brands are independent from the market They are walking on their own way “Don’t follow anyone” is exactly the motto of luxury brands The brand itself is everything And there are lots of don’ts “Do not test Do not look for consensus Do not look after group synergies” And there are some interesting don’ts that are really against how the market works Don’t pamper your customers’ wishes Don’t reply to rising demand Luxury brands need to lead the market and consumers not the other way around. Due to the fact that luxury brands put themselves in the center Chances are high that celebrities might outshine the brand in the ad This is what luxury brands want to prevent at all cost Just keep stars out of advertising When we think about certain luxury brands for example Prada, Tods, Bottega Venetta They are from Italy It might be easy for us to connect the country of origin of the brands So now you understand why luxury brands are not leaving their origin Because it is really impoortant for them Now let’s talk a little bit about art Normally the connection between art and luxury is close As we know that luxury brands don’t like to follow anyone and prefers to be the curator of taste They seek to be creative, bold and different Hence, its decision to stay away from popular art Instead, it gravitates towards art that suggests timelessness such as classical art Now I have a question in between What kind of consumer do luxury brands like the most? Enthusiasts! That’s why luxury brands are making every effort to keep the non-enthusiasts out Because they need someone who share wholeheartedly with their values Well although luxury brands like enthusiasts, they tend to lower the accessibility I’m not so sure whether you heard the story that it’s actually not easy to purchase some of the luxury goods Take Hermes bag as an example you actually need to be qualified by the brand until you are be able to buy the bags from Hermes Because the customers luxury brands want are those who really understand the brand or product However, it is also important to communicate to those whom you are not targeting Luxury has two value facets – luxury for oneself and luxury for others To sustain the latter facet, there should be many more people that are familiar with the brand than those who could possibly afford to buy it for themselves There, the distinction between luxury, fashion and premium strategy of prestige brands operating on the luxury market is crucial Since the purchase needs time and effort to be deserved I will talk a bit more about the relationship between luxury brands and internet in the following episodes So now from my explanation you might notice that not every brand follows purely luxury, premium or fashion strategy It is normal that they combine these strategies together by sticking to a core strategy I think the digitalization and the change of consumer behaviour Force the brands to be more flexible Let’s go back to the unanswered question: I would say since the inauguration of the new creative director – Alessandro Michele The brand is heading toward luxury strategy Want to hear more why I would say Gucci is now heading more to luxury strategy? Stay tuned to future episodes for futher analysis! That’s basically it If you like my video, please give me a like and subscribe my channel Tell me about whether you agree with these laws or not Also, share with me what kind of analysis you are interested in! See you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @edeveux [2 likes]: You are great! Many thanks for sharing your opinions and advices!
  2. @elianamckee [1 likes]: Brilliant! Thank yoy
  3. @davedkukis [1 likes]: Such a nice explanation. Love it
  4. @aniruddhabhowmick-v3x [1 likes]: Excellent
  5. @rajendra.uppal.1 [1 likes]: Very useful video but you could have spared the background music or kept it low. It’s annoying.
  6. @Amit_Rungta: It was the music for me that kept me stick to the video, calm my mind down and feel the luxury. Can someone please help me with the name of music please?
  7. @patallen1901: Bro, music is way too loud. It’s hard to focus on you.
  8. @tirthvira7054: I don't know about the content because I couldn't watch more than 1 minute. The music is very distracting and annoying. Please remove it in future videos. If the content is good, people don't need music to ease its digestion. They will watch till the end.
  9. @hanhaichen: Very inspiring, appreciated
  10. @niyazdeen06: Background sound is disturbing your voice.
  11. @MaisonFonzeus: Great video, but please work on the audio ( better quality, and less noise in the background/music ) you sound great, just enfatize. ❤️
  12. @olakanmiboluwatife9956: i got a job with an high end brand and i must say this is a helpful information
  13. @elianamckee: Does this work for cosmetics and luxury?
  14. @Femme.Feminine: 🩶 No more settling
  15. @julie15957: Great video but yes, I agree the music is too loud.
  16. @Khanyotoo: The music interferes with the presentation so it would need to be softer.
  17. @meghanaraju6784: background music is so overpowering
  18. @thenoddyedits: hey, there are multiple flaws in your video. and i think i can help with that
  19. @spiritualcosmeticss: Music too loud
  20. @JesusisKing1285: The information was good, but the background music was too loud and distracting. It would be nice if you used instrumental music only and turned it down so we can hear you.

- Neuromarketing: How brands are getting your brain to buy more stuff: Kind: captions Language: en About a hundred years ago, companies in&nbsp; the Western world ran into a problem:&nbsp;&nbsp; Consumers had everything they needed. So,&nbsp; the companies came up with a great idea:&nbsp; Persuade people that they need MORE things!&nbsp; Even things they didn't KNOW they needed. &nbsp; Nowadays, companies are studying your brain&nbsp; to get you to keep buying more stuff. This is called neuromarketing. And... "...neuromarketing is like… marketing on steroids." "Companies know us better than we know ourselves."&nbsp; "The brand exists nowhere else&nbsp; but in the mind of the consumers." &nbsp; "We're going tell you how companies&nbsp; are getting into your head." &nbsp; In the 1950s, a clever marketer shocked&nbsp; the world with an astonishing experiment.&nbsp;&nbsp; He flashed the messages "DRINK COCA-COLA"&nbsp; and "EAT POPCORN" on a cinema screen – too&nbsp;&nbsp; briefly for the audience to even notice.&nbsp; He claimed this had people rushing to the&nbsp;&nbsp; counters in droves to buy Coke and popcorn. "If this story sounds too good to be true, then&nbsp;&nbsp; that's because it is. Thankfully,&nbsp; we're not THAT easy to brainwash." &nbsp; "Turned out it was all B.S. – he made that up.&nbsp; There's no such thing as a brain's buy button."&nbsp; This is Prince Ghuman, a marketing&nbsp; professional. He and neuroscientist&nbsp;&nbsp; Matt Johnson wrote a book on how companies&nbsp; tailor their marketing to our brains. &nbsp; So, the good thing is: we're not mindless&nbsp; shopping zombies. But we do make a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; our decisions subconsciously. And that's&nbsp; where neuromarketing comes in. Companies&nbsp;&nbsp; are trying to better understand how our brain&nbsp; works – to figure out what we really want.&nbsp; "Traditional marketing studies work like this.&nbsp; Someone will ask me: do you want an apple&nbsp;&nbsp; or do you want a chocolate bar? And I'd&nbsp; say: I of course want the apple.&nbsp;&nbsp; But… do I really want the apple?” "We feel as if we're in control, we feel as&nbsp;&nbsp; if we're the author of our decisions and we're&nbsp; thinking through these things very rationally.&nbsp;&nbsp; But study after study after study shows that&nbsp; we are extremely irrational and that we're,&nbsp;&nbsp; generally speaking, pretty unaware of the&nbsp; full range of factors which ultimately&nbsp;&nbsp; inform and sometimes actually decide the&nbsp; different behaviors and paths that we take."&nbsp; "In short: we don't always know what we&nbsp; want. We don't know if we actually want the&nbsp;&nbsp; apple or if we prefer the chocolate&nbsp; bar. But our brain doesn't lie." &nbsp; And that's why neuromarketers have adopted a range&nbsp; of technologies in their marketing studies to see&nbsp;&nbsp; what's happening under the hood--inside consumers'&nbsp; brains. Functional magnetic resonance imaging&nbsp;&nbsp; and electroencephalograms measure activity&nbsp; in the brain. Eye-tracking shows where we&nbsp;&nbsp; direct our attention. Heart rate and skin&nbsp; conductance show what we find exciting.&nbsp; "For better or worse, people are complex&nbsp; and the brain is really complex." &nbsp; Uma Karmarkar is a scholar whose research&nbsp; revolves around how we make decisions. &nbsp; "What neuroscience does is it gives us&nbsp; access to some of these emotional elements or&nbsp;&nbsp; these elements that might not be fully conscious&nbsp; and tells us a little bit more about some of the&nbsp;&nbsp; things that might also be contributing&nbsp; to people's experiences and choices." &nbsp; "Take Cheetos, for example. When its parent&nbsp; company Frito-Lay asked consumers how they felt&nbsp;&nbsp; about the brand, many said: well, it's a bit of a&nbsp; kids' snack. But when they looked at their brains,&nbsp;&nbsp; it turned out people got a real kick out of&nbsp; getting their fingers messy with this orange&nbsp;&nbsp; dust that they're covered in. It IS fun…" "There was something subversive about that&nbsp;&nbsp; orange dust on your fingers. There was&nbsp; something a little unusual about it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and people kind of enjoyed it, even&nbsp; though it was not that respectable." &nbsp; Frito-Lay took these findings and built an&nbsp; entire ad campaign around this feeling of&nbsp;&nbsp; subversive pleasure. It became a huge success.&nbsp; "More and more businesses are investing&nbsp; in this type of research – most of&nbsp;&nbsp; which is happening in secret." Through neuroscience – but&nbsp;&nbsp; also with the help of psychology and behavioral&nbsp; economics – they get a pretty good idea of what&nbsp;&nbsp; makes us tick. And they use this knowledge&nbsp; to get us to buy more of their stuff. &nbsp; "I'm going to give you four examples of this that&nbsp; you've probably seen in your everyday life." &nbsp; One: They wear you down. Our brain operates in two different&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking modes. There's what's called system&nbsp;1, which is fast, unconscious and automatic. And then there's system 2, which is deliberate&nbsp; and conscious – but takes a LOT of effort.&nbsp; "If I ask you: what is your name? System&nbsp;1 will immediately have an answer to that&nbsp;question. But if I ask you what is 23 times&nbsp;48, you're going to have to switch to system&nbsp;2. This requires effort. Now imagine,&nbsp; you're going grocery shopping." &nbsp; You have to find your way around the&nbsp; different aisles and make loads of decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; in a short amount of time. When you finally&nbsp; get to the checkout counter, you're tired. &nbsp; "One way in which you can get somebody to be more&nbsp;system 1 oriented is actually through wearing them&nbsp;down. So system 2, very resource intensive,&nbsp;&nbsp; requires a lot of metabolic resources.&nbsp; When we're tired, when we're malnourished,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're much more likely to go with a much&nbsp; more impulsive system 1 response." And that's why right at the end of your&nbsp; shopping trip, retailers tempt you with&nbsp;&nbsp; loads and loads of sugary snacks – that you&nbsp; might just pick up at the very last moment. &nbsp; Shopping malls exploit the same situation.&nbsp; They're confusing, they're overwhelming, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; quite frankly exhausting – so you're more prone to&nbsp; spend money on something you might not even need. &nbsp; Two: They tell you what the right price is. "Let's say you walk into a store and see&nbsp;&nbsp; a bottle of wine for, I don't know, let's say 15&nbsp;&nbsp;dollars. Your brain doesn't really know&nbsp; if this a lot or this is not a lot. &nbsp; So, it's&nbsp;immediately starting to look for some context." "Typically, people don't really have a sense of&nbsp;&nbsp;price, like they don't really know how much wine&nbsp; should cost or what's the right price of a wine."&nbsp; This is Moran Cerf, a computer hacker turned&nbsp; neuroscientist and business professor.&nbsp; "People create their kind of impressions&nbsp; of the price range not by knowledge, by information – but by sampling reality." The store will happily give your brain&nbsp;a reality to latch onto – by placing a&nbsp;second bottle next to it, costing 50$.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now your brain thinks: 15$, that's&nbsp; actually a PRETTY good deal. So it's&nbsp;&nbsp; very likely you're going to buy this bottle. "Our brains are like ships, we're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for places to anchor, right? And adding any&nbsp; sort of context or understanding of value,&nbsp;&nbsp; having an anchor helps." Three: They keep you on the treadmill. &nbsp; Another quirk of our brain that brands&nbsp;are using is that it's constantly seeking&nbsp;pleasure. And the key word here is "seeking". "Once you're experiencing a sort of thing that&nbsp;you wanted, you don't just get to bask in that&nbsp;pure pleasure for a long time. It's not the type&nbsp; of emotion which is enduring over time. And&nbsp; that's a very, very good thing for brands." &nbsp; Because pleasure is so fleeting, brands&nbsp;keep sending us to what's called the&nbsp;"hedonic treadmill". "…the iPhone 6…" &nbsp; "…the iPhone 6S…" "…this is iPhone 7…"&nbsp; "…iPhone 11…" "…the iPhone 12…" "You buy an iPhone 8. It's a brand new physical&nbsp; design and you're loving it. And just like&nbsp;&nbsp; clockwork, 12 months later, 8S comes out. Whatever&nbsp; pleasure you got from achieving and purchasing&nbsp;&nbsp; the iPhone is now immediately gone. And now&nbsp; you're looking to again, jump on the hedonic&nbsp;&nbsp; treadmill and look, chase the next pleasure." Four: They hide little nudges in plain sight. &nbsp; "So… you remember that cinema&nbsp; story from the beginning?&nbsp;&nbsp; Subliminal marketing messages like this, so&nbsp; things that we can't pick up on consciously,&nbsp;&nbsp; are actually illegal in most countries. But a&nbsp; few companies must have thought: well, why don't&nbsp;&nbsp; we just hide them in plain sight?" Check out this ad from KFC. See anything unusual?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, look again. There's an actual&nbsp; dollar bill photoshopped into the&nbsp;&nbsp; burger – which happens to cost 1 dollar. And check out this can. Coca-Cola made it&nbsp;&nbsp; look like it's smiling-- to tie in&nbsp; with its brand image of happiness. &nbsp; And in literally every ad for watches, the time&nbsp; is set to 10 past 10. Because that makes it&nbsp;look like the watch is smiling at you. These&nbsp;types of subtle hints are called 'primers'. &nbsp; "I would say right now, it's controversial whether&nbsp; priming works. That said, we still teach that in&nbsp;&nbsp; school and in business school as kind of a&nbsp; mechanism people should be aware of because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's easy to implement. For the small&nbsp; chance that it does work, why not try it,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're trying to sell something" "If you see a 10:10 watch, you're not compelled&nbsp;&nbsp; by some physical force to go out and do everything&nbsp; you can to buy it. But if you're already feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; like buying a watch, maybe you're very favorable&nbsp; towards the brand, and that additional data point&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to push you maybe a little bit further." And this is not limited to visual triggers.&nbsp;&nbsp; An experiment showed that if a&nbsp; wine store plays French music,&nbsp;&nbsp; customers buy more French wine. And if it&nbsp; plays German music, they buy more German wine. &nbsp; "A lot of this stuff is hiding in archives for&nbsp; companies and it is in their best interest not&nbsp;&nbsp; to reveal it. But we would be silly to think&nbsp; that this isn't part of the experiential&nbsp;&nbsp; design that companies are creating to&nbsp; better engage with their consumers." &nbsp; So where does all this leave us? Are&nbsp; we ultimately just puppets, without a will&nbsp;&nbsp; of our own, buying whatever corporations&nbsp; throw our way? Or do we have a choice? &nbsp; "Totally mindless behavior is rare, total&nbsp; control is also rare. And in between there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; wide gray area and we can move the&nbsp; needle between whether we make choices&nbsp;&nbsp; that are very informed and very kind of thorough.&nbsp; Or very impulsive and not too thorough." \&nbsp; "If you like something that's going to be&nbsp; the most important determinant of whether&nbsp;&nbsp; or not you choose to spend money on it or your&nbsp; time on it or your resources in general on it.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that speaks a lot to the power that&nbsp; we have as consumers and individuals." "Now, neuromarketing is a very powerful tool.&nbsp; It gives companies access to something that&nbsp;&nbsp; even we don't even have access to: our&nbsp; subconscious. But just knowing that and&nbsp;&nbsp; knowing how our brain works, can&nbsp; already help us make better decisions."&nbsp; Have you ever come across any of the things&nbsp; we've shown you in the video? Let us know... What was...what was that? … did you see that? Anyway. Let&nbsp;us know in the comments. And hit subscribe&nbsp;for more videos like this every Friday.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yoyam-e1i [1 likes]: They will not survive, new era showing all disease come from snack junk food, and justice elimination of greedy fat CEO, im telling you to walk away before you are harmed
  2. @Hex_kashira2: 4:16 ts Charlie Bradbury from spn 😂
  3. @user-wt3bk9nl5x: It doesn't get to me. It does have an effect though: the more they try the more I drift away. The level is too low anyway. Orange dust on fingers? 🤮 And...I always know the appropriate price of wine: I research before I buy. From Portugal 🇵🇹.
  4. @awadheshverma6655: My brain went from buffering to lightning speed.
  5. @william-uk: here’s how i did 23x48: simplify it to 23x50 minus 23x2, you can further simplify that to half of 23x100, which is easy 2,300/2 v 1150, and you subtract 46 from that, leaving 1,104
  6. @Hase-420: „we are not that easy to brainwash“ lmao is that a joke? 99% of people believe vegetables and exercise would be healthy even tho vegetables contain almost no nutrients and many toxins while meat and other animal products has ALL nutrients in large amounts + zero toxins. Sport is a lot of stress for the body, thats why we feel so bad while doing it. If it does feel bad, it is bad! (Movement with no stress is healthy but not sports) Our senses tell us that vegetables are disgusting and sport is a bad idea, always listen to ur senses and never to the goverment.
  7. @zachhbtww: wordd
  8. @theanthillfromknow.theanop3960: And that is another reason why i block all teh ads on everything. To hold that agressive advertisement out of my home.
  9. @Bang_Camaro: Second comment needed. According to the ad manufacturers, was everyone born yesterday? If you see a pretty girl heavily smiling at you, in a dodgy part of town. Are you going to go over and talk to her?
  10. @Bang_Camaro: What a weird video. Looked around my room, not a single thing was bought based on any ad.
  11. @tohk4478: Would be much practical if you just gave the information without slicing it 20 parts and randomly narrated by 5 different people.
  12. @calengr1: How does a purchase affect your status ?
  13. @KimoyaMusica: Being bombarded with the same commercials non stop, makes me NOT want to buy them.
  14. @llundber: The 10 and 2 on clocks is NOT to look like smiling.  
WhereTF are you getting all this false info??
It is ONLY because that has always been the most aesthetic/visually pleasing presentation of watch hands and which mirrors things like DaVinci’s golden measures.
  15. @llundber: Also, I’ve yet to go in any wine and spirits store in all of NYC and see the pricing manipulation you showed.  
Come to the real world dude.  
All this yapping with theorists has you completely removed from reality.
  16. @llundber: BS. 
in 50 years I’ve never heard from a single person that the orange crap on fingers is anything but an ugly messy hassle.  
W r o n g.
  17. @Hackerstab: Should I or not buy food?
  18. @SagarMajumder-e7z: Thanks for ending with concious line.

And yes, i witnessed the "The Right Price".
  19. @arqam.hashmi: when did iPhone 8S come out?
  20. @LubošToman-l1t: So useful for small business owners like me.

- Neuromarketing: 15 Neuromarketing Examples: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿Neuromarketing is taking over the world, and&nbsp; almost every big business and university has used&nbsp;&nbsp; it in some way. Even though neuromarketing&nbsp; is so important in the marketing world,&nbsp;&nbsp; many people don't know what it is or how it can&nbsp; be used successfully. The next 15 interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; examples of neuromarketing in work are shown&nbsp; in the animations below. 1. Why eye gaze is&nbsp;&nbsp; important 106 It's no secret that ads with people&nbsp; in them work much better than those without.&nbsp;&nbsp; In particular, people tend to look at pictures&nbsp; and movies with babies for longer and pay more&nbsp;&nbsp; attention to them. Advertisers have tried for&nbsp; a long time to sell more baby goods by showing&nbsp;&nbsp; close-ups of cute baby faces, but eye tracking&nbsp; technology has shown that this is not enough.&nbsp;&nbsp; Researchers found that when the baby looks&nbsp; straight at the camera, people pay much more&nbsp;&nbsp; attention to the baby's face and less attention&nbsp; to what the ad is about. But if the baby is&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at the object or text, the viewer will&nbsp; actually pay attention to what the ad is about.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because of these findings, marketers now know&nbsp; that baby faces are popular with customers,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they also make sure that the baby is&nbsp; looking at what they want the customer to buy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here is more information about the study. 2.&nbsp; Having good packaging We all know what it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like to be pulled to something because of how it&nbsp; looks. Advertisers have always known that what's&nbsp;&nbsp; inside doesn't always matter, but neuroimaging has&nbsp; taken this to a whole new level. Neuroimaging has&nbsp;&nbsp; been used to redesign the packaging of brands like&nbsp; Campbell's and Frito-Lay. In tests, customers were&nbsp;&nbsp; shown packaging and asked how they felt about it.&nbsp; Their answers were either good, bad, or neutral.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, they were asked a lot of questions&nbsp; about the use of color, text, and images.&nbsp;&nbsp; This study showed that customers didn't like shiny&nbsp; packaging but didn't mind matte packing. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; Frito-Lay got rid of the shiny package and&nbsp; switched to the new matte look. 107 3. Color&nbsp;&nbsp; Matters Think about how the colors you choose&nbsp; might affect how potential customers feel.&nbsp;&nbsp; Colors can make us feel a wide range of feelings,&nbsp; and studies show that some colors are linked to&nbsp;&nbsp; certain emotions. When used right, color can be&nbsp; a powerful business tool. Coca Cola's use of the&nbsp;&nbsp; color red is one of the most well-known examples,&nbsp; but there are many other companies that have also&nbsp;&nbsp; used color to great effect. Neuromarketing experts&nbsp; who study how colors work in advertising have put&nbsp;&nbsp; colors into subgroups to help people figure&nbsp; out how to use them effectively. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to draw professionals, cool blues&nbsp; are a good choice. 4. How well ads work For a&nbsp;&nbsp; long time, studying the brain was something that&nbsp; only academics and scientists did. Neuromarketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; on the other hand, has used the amazing power of&nbsp; fMRI images to learn more about how people act&nbsp;&nbsp; and what they buy. One way that fMRI is used in&nbsp; neuromarketing is to compare advertising efforts&nbsp;&nbsp; before they are shown to the public. In one study,&nbsp; the people who took part saw three different ads&nbsp;&nbsp; for the National Cancer Institute's telephone&nbsp; number. The ad campaign that made people think&nbsp;&nbsp; the most in a certain area was the one that got&nbsp; a lot more calls to the hotline. This new way&nbsp;&nbsp; of doing things is a new way to find advertising&nbsp; efforts that will really get people interested.&nbsp;&nbsp; 5. Can't decide what to do 108 Research on how&nbsp; people act sometimes goes against what we may&nbsp;&nbsp; have thought before. Columbia University did a&nbsp; study that showed that too many options might&nbsp;&nbsp; make people not want to buy. Using different kinds&nbsp; of displays, they found that customers were less&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to stop at booths with a lot of choices.&nbsp; 6. Figuring out how happy you are EEG imaging is&nbsp;&nbsp; used in Emotion Response Analysis (ERA) to figure&nbsp; out how a person feels about a product, marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. How interested or passionate we are about&nbsp; a product is very important to the advertiser.&nbsp;&nbsp; If, for example, the customer gets very frustrated&nbsp; with your product, it's clear that there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; problem with how it works that you may want&nbsp; to fix. EEG can be used to measure how happy a&nbsp;&nbsp; customer is. In one study, EEG was used to measure&nbsp; how happy people were with a treatment for skin&nbsp;&nbsp; problems. They found that customer happiness was&nbsp; linked to activity in the parts of the brain that&nbsp;&nbsp; are used to judge facial beauty. 7. The fear of&nbsp; losing Neuromarketing has found that people really&nbsp;&nbsp; don't want to lose out, which is an interesting&nbsp; fact. People worry about what they could lose as&nbsp;&nbsp; well as what they could win. Because of this,&nbsp; "buy before it's gone" tactics work very well.&nbsp;&nbsp; When the other choice is presented as a&nbsp; loss, people are much more likely to buy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because of this, "framing" is a very important&nbsp; idea in 109 neuromarketing. With this method,&nbsp;&nbsp; ads help people make decisions in a way that makes&nbsp; them more likely to spend money. 8. Settling down&nbsp;&nbsp; The first thing your customer learns about you is&nbsp; very important. It can help them make decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; in the future and set the tone for how they&nbsp; buy things. Neuroscientists have found a flaw&nbsp;&nbsp; in how the mind works and how it decides what&nbsp; to do. As individuals, we rarely know how much&nbsp;&nbsp; something is worth based on what it is in and of&nbsp; itself. Instead, we compare it to other choices.&nbsp;&nbsp; Using the "anchoring effect" is a good way to&nbsp; use neuromarketing because it helps people make&nbsp;&nbsp; better decisions. If two hotel rooms are&nbsp; about the same price but one comes with&nbsp;&nbsp; free coffee in the morning, you are much more&nbsp; likely to choose the one with the free coffee.&nbsp;&nbsp; You probably won't look into the quality&nbsp; of the rooms or any of the other features.&nbsp;&nbsp; Advertisers often use this to their advantage when&nbsp; comparing different deals or sets. In this way,&nbsp;&nbsp; we may often end up accepting contracts or making&nbsp; promises for a whole year. 9. The Need to Go Fast&nbsp;&nbsp; Neuromarketing is a good way to figure out what&nbsp; customers want. Companies often try to give the&nbsp;&nbsp; impression of safety and security, but customers&nbsp; may be more interested in speed and efficiency.&nbsp;&nbsp; PayPal found this out when they did a study and&nbsp; found that the promise of ease got people more&nbsp;&nbsp; excited than the promise of security. They used&nbsp; this 110 information to get more people to use&nbsp;&nbsp; their online payment service by putting the&nbsp; spotlight on how fast it was. 10. Revealing&nbsp;&nbsp; Hidden Responses In this ad, a woman played a&nbsp; joke on her friend by putting orange Cheetos in&nbsp;&nbsp; her white load of laundry. Focus groups said they&nbsp; didn't like the ad, but when the same people took&nbsp;&nbsp; part in an EEG study, it showed that they really&nbsp; liked it. People in the focus group were afraid&nbsp;&nbsp; to say that they found the ad funny out of fear&nbsp; that other people would think they were mean.&nbsp;&nbsp; In this way, neuromarketing can show thoughts&nbsp; and preferences that have been kept secret.&nbsp;&nbsp; 11. Punishment and Reward Even video game&nbsp; design has started to use psychological&nbsp;&nbsp; principles. For example, using rewards and&nbsp; punishments to make games interesting and&nbsp;&nbsp; keep people playing them is one way to use these&nbsp; principles. By making the game more rewarding,&nbsp;&nbsp; the action may also raise the amount&nbsp; of the chemical dopamine in the brain.&nbsp;&nbsp; This neurotransmitter is linked to happiness&nbsp; and good memories, which can make a person&nbsp;&nbsp; more interested in playing. Now, game designers&nbsp; even hire psychologists to help them make games,&nbsp;&nbsp; and psychological concepts are built right into&nbsp; the way the games work. 12. Testing a model&nbsp;&nbsp; Even though ads are a big part of how people&nbsp; act, the design of the goods themselves can also&nbsp;&nbsp; be important. 111 Hyundai used EEG to test their&nbsp; prototypes in a well-known case of neuromarketing.&nbsp;&nbsp; They looked at how the brain responded to&nbsp; different design features and tried to figure out&nbsp;&nbsp; what kind of stimulation made people most likely&nbsp; to buy. Based on what this study found, Hyundai&nbsp;&nbsp; changed how the cars looked from the outside. 13.&nbsp; How to Set the Price How to price things in a way&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes people want to buy them is a question&nbsp; that has been asked and debated for a long time.&nbsp;&nbsp; We all know that putting a price of $9.99 instead&nbsp; of $10 on something is a way to get people to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy it, but does it work? Several new discoveries&nbsp; are giving us more information about this age-old&nbsp;&nbsp; question. Neuromarketers are using a fascinating&nbsp; new piece of information that shows that rounded&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers are more likely to work when people&nbsp; are making decisions based on their emotions,&nbsp;&nbsp; while more complicated numbers work better&nbsp; when the logical brain is involved. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is because complex numbers make the brain&nbsp; work harder, which may make it think that&nbsp;&nbsp; the product with the more complicated price&nbsp; is the better choice. 14. Layout of a website&nbsp;&nbsp; Neuromarketing methods are also used to help plan&nbsp; the layout of websites. Neuromarketers are looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at our choices for everything from color schemes&nbsp; to layouts to font sizes and more on websites.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are now some hard and fast rules&nbsp; about how to make websites. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you 112 use certificates, customer reviews,&nbsp; and social widgets, you're more likely to get&nbsp;&nbsp; customers than if you don't. Another interesting&nbsp; finding is that websites that are laid out&nbsp;&nbsp; horizontally instead of vertically work less&nbsp; well. This is because reading from the top&nbsp;&nbsp; down uses the brain and makes people more likely&nbsp; to keep scrolling. 15. Headlines That Stand Out&nbsp;&nbsp; Headlines are one of the first things people see,&nbsp; so it makes sense that they need to stand out.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because of this, they have been studied a&nbsp; lot, and a new neuromarketing method called&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hippocampal Headlines" has been created. What's&nbsp; the meaning? Researchers at University College&nbsp;&nbsp; London found that our hippocampus is activated&nbsp; when a known phrase is changed in a small way.&nbsp;&nbsp; This makes us pay attention. Many writers&nbsp; have used Patron and their slogan "Practice&nbsp;&nbsp; makes Patron" as an example of this. We&nbsp; hope these cases have been fun for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @easymarketingschool [4 likes]: 🎯 Get our Customized Marketing Course for Different Sectors
💡 Use the code "Youtube30" at checkout & get a 30% discount today!
🔗 https://easymarketingschool.org/courses/
  2. @ArtemLytvynenko-k2o2l [2 likes]: I've saved this to rewatch later. So much value.
  3. @TarasLevchenko-z7w [1 likes]: Every minute was packed with value.
  4. @LubošToman-l1t [1 likes]: Great insights on customer journey.
  5. @neurowebsite: One of the biggest mistakes people make is thinking neuromarketing is about manipulation, when in reality it’s mostly about reducing friction in decision-making. People don’t buy because of logic alone—they buy when perception, trust, and clarity align. That’s where real conversion starts.
  6. @WijthaGayan: Neuromarketing is the use of brain science and psychology to understand how people respond to marketing and advertisements.
  7. @josenoriega6016: Pitching balls to be learned and mastered and identify the moment when to throw them out. Thanks for sharing! Good day!
  8. @dSanjeev615: ❤❤❤
  9. @theBUYMIND: Thanks this inspired me to create a channel about this, thank you😅
  10. @MatějŠimek-v2m: Would love a deeper dive into SEO strategy.
  11. @StanislavHruska-h7f: good
  12. @RadekFiala-u4q: good
  13. @TõnisVaher: good
  14. @TõnisVaher: good
  15. @1minute.everyday923: JESUS LOVES YOU ALL❤
  16. @Muslim-in3nz: Thank you
  17. @BogdanZawisza-h2n5m: This is marketing mixed with mind control — and I’m taking notes like a mad scientist. 🧪🧠
  18. @BryinWillis-e8g: March ‘25
  19. @LedByLightStories: Wow so informative, thank you:      UCL1oNx70OTpPfX_C1Jn4BZg
  20. @cristianbucata: Unethical?

- How Emotions Influence Economic Decisions: Kind: captions Language: en how do your emotions influence your decisions many people believe that cognition and emotion are separate that we make our best decisions when we logically and unemotionally think through the options yet in reality that is a false dichotomy when it comes to decision making you can't separate reason and passion in psychology an economic decision is one that involves valuation of options often in monetary terms for example i might offer you ten dollars now or a hundred dollars a year from now and ask you to choose between the two but value-based decisions do not always involve monetary valuation perhaps i offer you either a free hand massage or free head massage while there are no price tags you'll still choose based on how much you value one option over the other whatever your reasons may be some would say that the rational economic decision is the one that maximizes monetary gain and that any deviation from that means that your decision is irrational therefore if your emotions lead you to choose ten dollars now instead of a hundred dollars a year from now then you're acting irrationally but that's incorrect we can really only say that a decision is irrational if it's logically inconsistent with the individual's goals if your highest valued goal is to buy a movie ticket then taking the ten dollars now might be more rational than waiting for a hundred dollars a year from now whether that's the wisest financial goal is irrelevant additionally saying that emotional decisions are irrational is completely nonsensical after all if you do choose a hundred dollars a year from now what's motivating you to take that wise decision probably something like how much better it will feel to get a hundred dollars compared to ten dollars economic decisions always involve emotions but how do specific emotions like sadness disgust fear gratitude and joy influence our decisions how do we regulate our emotions to make better economic decisions to answer these questions i'll be relying heavily on a chapter from the fourth edition of the handbook of emotions titled affect in economic decision making by karolina lempert and elizabeth phelps by the way i'm andrew and this is sense of mind if you like neuroscience and psychology please make sure to like and subscribe and sign up for our weekly newsletter also check out my bi-monthly live stream podcast with taylor guthrie he's the host of the channel the cellular republic definitely check out his channel if you haven't already so let's now begin with how sadness influences economic decisions say i just gifted you a pair of high-end headphones and i asked you what price you would sell them for or instead let's say i just show them to you and ask you how much you'd pay for them while i can't predict the exact amounts it's likely that you would exhibit the endowment effect when you own the headphones you would set a higher price than when you're merely appraising their value without owning them now let's restart all this and say i make you really sad by showing you a depressing documentary about the tragedies of war then i do the same thing with the headphones i either gift them to you and ask what your sell price is or simply show them to you and ask you what you pay for them amazingly you would probably show a reverse endowment effect you would likely be willing to sell them at a lower price than you would buy them jennifer lerner and colleagues in a 2004 study explained this result by suggesting that sadness makes us unhappy with our current situation in a general sense such that we want to change it however we can so if you're feeling sad and you don't yet own something you'll be more eager to buy it so as to change your situation and hopefully cheer yourself up conversely if you're sad but you do already own it then you'll still want to change your situation but in this case by selling it at a low price it's as if the grass is always greener on the other side other studies have found that sadness makes subjects more impatient more willing to take high risk slash high reward opportunities and more likely to reject unfair offers yet while sadness makes us see our situation as well sad and therefore to make ourselves feel better by either getting rid of something we have or buying something we don't disgust influences economic decisions differently how disgust influences economic decisions now when it comes to both eating and ethics disgust is about expelling the disgusting substance in the case of eating or expelling the disgusting person or situation in the case of ethics so let's say i make you really grossed out by for example showing you a video of someone eating a pile of worms now once again we do the headphones rigmarole i give them to you and ask you your selling price or just show them to you and ask you your buying price in this case you'd likely reduce both your buying and selling prices compared to a non-emotional condition where i play a video of say a fish swimming but why should that be as learner and colleagues note disgust is about being too close to an indigestible object or idea so it increases our tendency to expel current objects and avoid taking in anything new end quote in contrast to sadness which makes us feel like the grass is always greener on the other side disgust makes us feel like all of the grass is diseased and should be avoided at all costs other studies show that when disgusted people will opt to switch out one package of goods for another even when they don't know what's in either package okay before we get to the positive emotions let's take a look at how fear and anxiety influence economic decisions fear is all about getting away from a threat or source of danger when you're afraid you want to escape and avoid some specific thing that might harm you anxiety on the other hand is like a more general state of fear as the american psychological association puts it anxiety is quote an emotion characterized by apprehension and somatic symptoms of tension in which an individual anticipates impending danger catastrophe or misfortune end quote it makes sense then that fear and anxiety make us less likely to make risky decisions especially when those decisions involve money at least according to a 2020 meta-analysis now that study found that fear and anxiety tend to make us increase our estimates of how risky such a decision is so if you're feeling fearful or anxious you may tend to choose the safer lower risk and likely lower reward option when given the choice you might for example choose to put money into a savings account instead of investing it in a startup business okay so sadness makes it appear that the grass is always greener disgust makes the grass appear diseased no matter where it is and fear makes it look like the lawn is filled with poisonous snakes and wasps all right i know i'm stretching this analogy but with that lovely picture in mind let's turn to the positive emotions starting with how gratitude influences economic decisions gratitude is defined by the apa as quote a sense of thankfulness and happiness in response to receiving a gift either a tangible benefit for example present or favor by someone or a fortunate happenstance for example a beautiful day like other emotions we each have a natural disposition toward gratitude called trait gratitude as opposed to induced gratitude which is a short-lived feeling brought on by for example listing things you're thankful for a 2020 study found that both trait and induced gratitude lead to being more risk averse in decision making perhaps because being grateful means that you're satisfied with your situation and don't need to take risks to change it yet somewhat contradictory a 2017 study found that induced gratitude made people more likely to entrust money to a stranger which those authors interpreted as increased trust a 2021 study found that higher trait gratitude but not induced gratitude was associated with accepting more unfair offers in an economic game where one person decides how to split a sum of money and the other person decides to accept or reject the offer now just to be clear in that game if you want to maximize your return it's almost always better to take any offer you can get so accepting the unfair offers is not a bad thing another 2017 study found that higher trait gratitude was associated with more generous charity donations and greater trust in an experimental setting a 2014 study found that induced gratitude made people more willing to wait longer periods for larger sums of money it appears that gratitude may make us more patient trusting and generous but also more risk-averse using our lawn analogy it's as if our own grass is always greener when we feel gratitude next let's look at how happiness happiness is for many people the ultimate goal in life and it's characterized by joy satisfaction gladness and well-being when it comes to economic decisions just as we separated gratitude into trait and induced gratitude we can separate happiness into short and long term short term is basically induced happiness where subjects are for example shown videos designed to alter their momentary happiness after which they're questioned to measure how well the video actually changed their emotional state long-term happiness on the other hand is essentially life satisfaction and it's assessed with questions on questionnaires like how happy are you these days according to a 2017 review by the behavioral economist tom lane short term that is induced happiness makes us more patient when waiting for monetary rewards so like gratitude feeling happy seems to make us more willing to delay gratification to wait for larger amounts of money later rather than smaller amounts sooner short-term happiness also seems to increase confidence so feeling happy may make us think that positive events are more likely to occur yet as lane notes that increased confidence doesn't necessarily make us take more risks which he suggests may be due to another finding that people are more risk-averse when they're in a good mood so while happiness makes us more confident it may also reduce risk-taking interestingly lane shows that selfishness leads to unhappiness whereas generosity seems to promote happiness similarly trusting people seems to increase our happiness yet whether the causality also goes in reverse that is whether happiness increases trust and generosity is unknown okay let's turn to how we might make better economic decisions by regulating our emotions emotions are not the enemy of reason they're part of the equation in any kind of economic decision still certain emotions are better than others at helping you achieve your financial goals therefore it's important to understand how to regulate your emotions to make wiser financial decisions one form of emotional regulation is called reappraisal and this means deliberately changing your thoughts about a situation in order to change how you feel about it also known as reframing for example people tend to exhibit loss aversion when we lose 100 it hurts more than how good it feels to gain 100 we hate losing more than we like winning that leads us to doing silly things like selling our entire stock portfolio when there's a temporary decline in the market because when we wait out the downturn we tend to be better off in the long run in this context our level of loss aversion depends on whether we view each loss on its own or if we see them as part of our entire portfolio if we consider the whole portfolio where an individual loss is but one negative data point rather than its own phenomenon then loss aversion decreases now there are many other examples where subjects make decisions that maximize their economic return after they reappraise the situation and for example give someone the benefit of the doubt when they seem to be acting unfairly in general happiness and gratitude make us more patient in delaying gratification fear makes all but the least risky and therefore least rewarding outcomes appear threatening sadness makes us want to change our situation leading us to buy or sell at disadvantageous prices disgust makes us want to sell what we've got even if the price is too low or simply not buy something even if the price is good therefore it seems that cultivating positive emotions like gratitude and happiness as well as employing cognitive reappraisal to see the situation more objectively and holistically makes us wiser decision makers okay that is it thank you so much for watching or listening to this episode of sense of mind please be sure to like and subscribe to this channel or give the podcast a five-star rating on whatever platform you use and finally check out our weekly newsletter by following the link in the captions or by going to senseofmindshow.com newsletter this channel is brought to you by the diamond mind foundation this episode was written and produced by me andrew cooper samson thank you so much for watching i'll catch you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @pritamshil5765 [1 likes]: Sir , can I read other persons mind ?
Is it just my common sense?
Is it only my perception?
  2. @pritamshil5765 [1 likes]: Sir, where does the human  brain store visual long term memory of shape?
  3. @Kuffyeyo-HonestWeirdo [1 likes]: False dichotomy o
  4. @sergest-amand1164 [1 likes]: Sadness disgust fear gratitude and Joy, Jeez we're back to Riley,s movie:). (Inside out, that was.) Video is now at 7:20, i'll have to start over again:)))
  5. @senseofmindshow: ⚠ CORRECTION!!! In this video, I said "this video is brought to you by the Diamond Mind Foundation." Well, as of December 2022, that is no longer the case. 
Sense of Mind is now 100% dependent on viewers like you. So if you value this content, please go to https://www.patreon.com/senseofmind. 
For less than $5 a month, you'll get exclusive content and the satisfaction of knowing you're helping to keep Sense of Mind alive! 🧠
  6. @fireballcards2868: Such a well made video. Thank you for this.
  7. @darktechnosynth: Thank you for the contribution to the world! 🙏

- The Hidden Impact of Emotional Triggers on Sales Performance: Kind: captions Language: en yeah you know here's why this is so important in sales is when um and you know let me give you this story I was uh on retainer with this team they were a door-to-door sales company their top performer who was crushing it literally was coming off of like two weeks of overnight all of a sudden could make a sale and they couldn't figure out what was going on they were walking through they they talked to the sales team they talked to the sales manager he went to the CEO of the company he started the company by doing his own sales door-to-door and so they were they were doing everything that they possibly could and why they didn't come to me sooner I don't understand but two weeks into this they finally called me up they're like hey this guy's stuck we don't know what to do and as I sat down with this guy and I'm breaking down literally what was going on what happened before your last sale what happened in your last sale what happened in the the next door knock that didn't produce a sale for you and we literally were going step by step breaking down everything that had happened we'll come to find out the door that he knocked on that was after his last sale the guy that opened his door looked like his dad now mind you his dad was the guy that told him you're never going to amount to anything you're never going to make any money you can't be successful you're stupid I mean he said all kinds of things to this guy to his kid when he was a kid right and so herein lies the issue with us not unpacking our bag and not doing this emotional intelligence work here this is cropping up and in two weeks that cost that company tens of thousands actually it was hundreds of thousands we ran the numbers and that the rate at which he was selling he was selling over a hundred thousand dollars a week so in two weeks he had lost well over 200 plus thousand dollars in sales because this had triggered him so much so when people think instructor want to like sweep this emotional intelligence work under the rug and pretend it's not that big of a deal they don't recognize the impact that this is costing people and their bottom line this happens on the daily with all of your sales teams I mean everybody has worked with the sales teams knows it right when they're in a funk their things aren't going right at home they're in a fight with their girlfriend they just got in a car wreck whatever it might be find out their mom is dying of cancer it doesn't matter if they don't have the emotional intelligence to manage and handle life's events that are going on around them that eats into their ability to produce sales and if it say let's just put some numbers on if it on it if it's eating into their sales revenue at a rate of maybe 20 percent of their bandwidth of their mindset of their thinking process for the day is absorbed in what's going on that's 20 lost productivity you add that up hour by hour by hour or in this case two weeks with this guy it was far more than 20 percent that this one knocked him it's very costly if your sales team doesn't have the skill set of emotional intelligence foreign

- Psychology Of People Who Spend Very Little Money: Kind: captions Language: en In a culture that often equates spending with status, confidence, or even happiness, there's a group of people who move differently. They don't chase trends. They don't impulse buy. They don't feel the urge to upgrade simply because something newer exists. They spend very little money, sometimes by necessity, sometimes by choice. And psychologically, that restraint reveals more than people assume. At first glance, low spending is often misinterpreted as stinginess. But spending behavior is rarely just about money. It's about security, identity, control, and emotional regulation. For some individuals, spending less is rooted in a strong security orientation. Their brain is wired to prioritize stability over stimulation. Where others experience a dopamine spike from purchasing something new, they experience relief from saving. Watching their savings grow produces calm. Financial restraint becomes a way of lowering uncertainty. In their internal equation, money equals safety. There's also a powerful relationship between spending and self-worth. Many people unconsciously use purchases to signal identity. Clothing, gadgets, experiences become extensions of how they want to be perceived. But individuals who spend very little often detach identity from consumption. They don't feel a strong need to express themselves materially. Their sense of self is anchored elsewhere, skills, knowledge, personal values, or long-term goals. Interestingly, low spending can also reflect high impulse control. Delayed gratification is a psychological skill. When someone consistently resists short-term pleasure for long-term gain, it usually indicates strong executive function. They can tolerate desire without immediately acting on it. That tolerance builds internal discipline which often extends beyond finances into other areas of life. However, not all low spending comes from discipline alone. For some, it stems from early experiences with scarcity. Growing up in financial instability can leave a lasting imprint. Even after circumstances improve, the nervous system may still operate from a scarcity template. Spending triggers anxiety. Saving feels like protection. In this case, frugality is less about strategy and more about survival memory. There is also a philosophical dimension. Some people consciously reject consumer culture. They view excessive spending as distraction, clutter, or dependency. Minimalism, simplicity, and intentional living become psychological anchors. Owning less reduces decision fatigue. Fewer possessions mean fewer obligations. For these individuals, spending less is a form of mental clarity. But restraint has nuances. When spending very little becomes rigid, it can shift from discipline to fear. Extreme avoidance of spending may limit experiences, relationships, or personal growth. Money, like emotion, is meant to flow. Complete restriction can signal underlying anxiety or mistrust. The key difference lies in flexibility. Healthy frugality allows occasional enjoyment without guilt. Fear-based frugality does not. Social perception also plays a role in environments where consumption signals success. People who spend very little may be judged as unambitious or overly cautious. Yet internally they may feel empowered. Not being driven by external comparison reduces financial pressure. They are less influenced by trends, peer expectations, or status competition. Psychologically, spending behavior mirrors deeper patterns of control and value alignment. Some people spend to feel alive. Others save to feel secure. Neither pattern is inherently superior. What matters is awareness. Does your spending reflect your goals or your fears? Does restraint feel freeing or constricting? People who spend very little are not always cheap, anxious, or deprived. Often they are operating from a different reward system. Their satisfaction comes from stability, autonomy, and long-term vision rather than immediate gratification. In a world that constantly invites consumption, choosing not to participate fully can look unusual. But sometimes restraint isn't limitation. It's deliberate self-control.

- Only 7 Principles That Change Everything | Influence Book Summary: Kind: captions Language: en A man loses his life savings following strangers online. A woman buys something she never planned to buy. A smart employee stays loyal to a company that underpays him. Different people, different stories, same reason. Influence. According to Robert Seelini, hidden psychological forces shape our decisions every single day. in business, in relationships, in advertising, even in choices we believe are completely our own. And the scary part, most people never realize it's happening. Let's uncover the seven principles that secretly control human behavior. Principle one, reciprocity. Human beings hate feeling indebted. When someone gives us something, we naturally feel pressure to give something back. That's reciprocity, and it's far more powerful than most people realize. Imagine it's your birthday. A friend you haven't spoken to in months suddenly sends you a thoughtful gift. You feel surprised. You feel appreciated. And then something else happens. A voice inside your head says, "I should do something for them, too." Nobody forced you. Nobody demanded anything. Yet, the feeling exists. That's reciprocity. Your brain automatically wants balance. This is why even small favors can create powerful obligations. And smart people understand this. Sometimes the first gift isn't kindness. Sometimes it's strategy. Lesson, never confuse gratitude with obligation. You can appreciate someone's kindness without surrendering your freedom to choose. Principle two, commitment and consistency. People want their actions to match their previous commitments. Once we publicly commit to something, we feel pressure to stay consistent. Even when it becomes difficult, even when we secretly want to quit, think about Dualingo. The app doesn't just teach languages. It builds streaks, one day, 3 days, 10 days, 100 days. Eventually, people stop protecting a habit. They're protecting an identity. Nobody wants to lose a 300 day streak. And that's exactly why the system works. The longer someone stays committed, the harder it becomes to walk away. Businesses know this. The first commitment is always small because small commitments often lead to much bigger ones. Lesson: If you want to change your life, stop committing to goals. Commit to identities. Don't say I want to read. Say I am a reader. Identity creates consistency. Consistency creates action. Action creates results. Principle three, social proof. When humans are uncertain, they look at other humans. If everybody else is doing something, our brain assumes it must be correct. This shortcut helped humans survive for thousands of years. But it can also make us follow the crowd straight into disaster. Imagine you're visiting a city you've never been to. You see two restaurants. One is completely empty. The other has people waiting outside. Without tasting a single bite of food, you already trust one more than the other. Why? Because your brain assumes. If all these people chose this place, there must be a reason. That's social proof. The crowd becomes evidence even when you know nothing else. Lesson, the crowd can provide clues, but popularity is not proof of truth. Sometimes the majority is right. Sometimes the majority is simply following another majority. Principle four, liking. People prefer saying yes to people they like. Simple but incredibly powerful. The more someone likes you, the more influence you naturally gain. A salesperson enters a meeting. Before talking about the product, he notices a framed baseball photo. He asks about it. The client lights up. For 10 minutes, they discuss sports. By the time the sales presentation begins, something important has changed. The client no longer feels like he's talking to a salesperson. He feels like he's talking to someone he likes. And sales become easier. Not because the product improved, because the relationship improved. Lesson, people rarely buy from strangers. They buy from people they trust. Connection often opens doors that logic alone cannot. Principle five, authority. Human beings naturally trust experts, and most of the time that's a good thing. Experts save us time. Experts save us mistakes. But authority can also be dangerous when appearance replaces competence. Imagine two people giving health advice. One is wearing jeans and a t-shirt. The other is wearing a doctor's coat. Most people instantly trust the doctor more even before hearing a single word. That's authority. Your brain is using a shortcut. And usually that shortcut works, but not always because uniforms can be borrowed, titles can be exaggerated, and confidence can be faked. Lesson: Respect expertise, but verify evidence. Authority should support truth, not replace it. Principle six, scarcity. People want things more when they think they might lose them. The possibility of loss creates urgency, and urgency changes behavior. Business example. It's Black Friday. A website displays a message. Only two items left. Suddenly, thousands of customers rush to buy. 5 minutes ago, they weren't interested. Now, they're afraid of missing out. The product didn't change. The value didn't change. Only availability changed. Scarcity creates desire. And businesses use it every single day. Lesson: Whenever you feel rushed into a decision, pause. Ask yourself, do I want this product or do I just fear losing the opportunity? Principle seven, unity. The strongest influence happens when people see someone as one of their own, not just someone they like, someone they identify with, someone who feels like part of their tribe. Imagine you're traveling in another country. You hear someone speaking your language. Instantly, you feel connected. They're still a stranger, but they don't feel like one. Why? Because your brain sees them as part of your group. That's unity. Humans naturally trust people who share their identity, values, experiences, and beliefs. Lesson, people don't just follow leaders. They follow people who make them feel understood. The strongest influence comes from shared identity. The biggest lesson of the book. Here's the truth. Most influence doesn't happen through force. It happens through psychology. small triggers, tiny shortcuts, automatic decisions. Your brain is constantly looking for ways to save time and energy. And that's exactly why these principles work. Reciprocity, commitment, social proof, liking, authority, scarcity, unity. These seven principles shape businesses, relationships, politics, marketing, and everyday life. Once you understand them, you'll start noticing them everywhere. advertisements, stores, social media, negotiations, even conversations with friends. And when you can recognize influence, you become harder to manipulate and far more effective at persuading others ethically. At the end of this video, the world is full of people trying to influence your decisions. Some use these principles ethically, others use them selfishly. The difference is that now you know the game. And when you understand the psychology behind influence, you stop becoming an easy target and start becoming the person who truly understands people. See you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jadejagaming3373 [1 likes]: This book is insane for me 🔥

- Start With NO by Jim Camp - Art of Negotiating: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone and welcome back to another deep dive here on From the Corner Office. I'm Alan Ingram and I'm Chatty G and we are ready to well uh dive into something you all flagged as pretty interesting. Yeah, this one should be good. It's Jim Camp's start with no. Oh yeah, definitely heard of this one. And as always, we want to pull out the most valuable insights and practical strategies for sure so that you can get a real grasp of effective negotiation uh without feeling like you're drowning in theory. Right. We're going for those aha moments, you know, those real takeaways. Exactly. And I think we'll have some of those with this one. Yeah. Jim Camp, he really shakes things up when it comes to how we think about negotiation. Definitely. Like right off the bat, he hits you with this pretty strong message. Um, be wary of win-win. Oh, really? Win-win? That's like the holy grail of negotiation, isn't it? Well, that's what most people think. But Camp says, "Yeah, if this book does just one thing, and that one thing is making people aware of the dangers of win-win, okay, then it's done its job." So, let's dive into this danger of win-win then, right? Because it's so deeply ingrained in business culture, you know, as the ideal outcome. Oh, yeah. So, what's Camp's issue with it? Basically, he says that a lot of seasoned negotiators see someone who's like overly focused on win-win as uh kind of an easy target. Oh, wow. He he even mentions this highlevel corporate strategy called POS. POS. Yeah. We don't get all the details in the book, but it was essentially designed to exploit negotiators who get stuck in that win-win mindset. So, PIOS is like a way to kind of tip the scales, create an imbalance. Exactly. It's about using that imbalance to your advantage. Can you give an example of how this might actually play out in a real situation? Sure. He uses the example of GM's cost optimization strategy. Okay. Now, on the surface, that sounds pretty positive, right? GM keeps costs down. Suppliers become more efficient. Yeah. Everyone wins, right? But Camp argues that underneath all that win-win talk. It was really about GM pushing suppliers to the limit to slash prices, even if it hurt the supplier often. Yeah. even to the point where it wasn't sustainable for them. And if a supplier couldn't make it work, well, there was always another one waiting in the wings. So, the message was we get what we want. Exactly. Regardless of what it means for the other side. So, the win-win was more like a PR move pretty much. And it gets even crazier when you think about the fact that you might have business schools teaching win-win in one class. Yeah. And then in another course like supply system management, they're teaching strategies that are all about outmaneuvering suppliers. It's like teaching people to play nice and then teaching them how to cheat in the same school. It really makes you wonder about how some of these theories actually play out in the real world. It's a huge disconnect. It is. And Camp brings up this point about the development of procurement software, okay, that's specifically designed to help companies dominate their suppliers. Wow. and the increasing power of these buying cooperatives that can really squeeze suppliers on price. So, the language of win-win can actually hide a pretty aggressive agenda. Yeah. It's not that win-win is always bad, but it can be used as a smoke screen, and we need to be aware of that. It's like those companies that had a reputation for being ruthless negotiators, right? They learned to use win-win language to soften their image. Exactly. They became even more skilled at it after everyone knew they were tough to deal with. playing on that human need for connection and fairness, right? They might say something like, "Let's work together on this for a win-win outcome." Well, they're really just trying to get a better deal for themselves, of course. And camp contrasts this with uh the world of labor relations. Yeah. Where you have legally mandated good faith bargaining. So rejecting win-win there could actually get you in trouble. Exactly. And he points out that a lot of the traditional negotiation advice comes from that field. So, it makes sense why win-win became so popular. Yeah. But Camp argues that applying it blindly in other situations can be a real mistake, especially if the other side isn't playing by the same rules, right? And he tells this great story about Euphoric Inc. and Worldwide Inc. to show how this can backfire. What happened? So, Euphoric needed a 15 cent price increase on a product they were selling to Worldwide. 15 cents. Yeah. It was a $2,000 product. Wow. So, practically nothing. Exactly. But worldwide was so afraid of rocking the boat of like damaging the relationship by saying no because of that win-win mentality. Yeah. And Euphoric was basically digging their heels in saying no way we're not budging. So they were both stuck in this abstract idea of win-win, right? And it almost destroyed both companies over 15 cents. That's incredible. It really shows how clinging to win-win or trying to manipulate it can lead to a lose-lose situation. So what's the alternative? What does camp suggest instead? Camp system is about having a clear framework. You know, understanding what a good deal actually looks like for you. Okay. And not feeling pressured to give away more than you should. So, it's about focusing on what you can control. Yes. Your goals, your behavior instead of getting caught up in this idea of a perfect win-win, which often isn't realistic anyway. And this applies to more than just big corporate deals, right? Oh, absolutely. Cam makes the point that negotiation is everywhere. It's in our everyday lives. Exactly. From deciding where to have dinner with your family to haggling with a cab driver. Okay. So, let's move on to another big idea from the book. Sure. And this one is you do not need the steel. Ah, yes. One of Camp's most powerful principles. It's a pretty bold statement. It is. Why does he see neediness as such a weakness? Because when you're needy, you lose your objectivity and you make bad decisions. It's like you're not thinking straight. Exactly. And he uses this analogy of a predator sensing weakness. Okay. Like a lion in the wild. They can smell fear. They can sense when an animal's vulnerable and they pounce. Exactly. And it's the same in negotiation. The other side will pick up on your desperation and use it against you. So it's about controlling your emotions. Absolutely. And he says that for a lot of his clients, learning to manage their neediness. Yeah. That's been the most valuable thing they've taken away from his system. It's fascinating how even historical examples back this up, right? like the Louiswis and Clark expedition. Those explorers were desperate for horses at one point, weren't they? They were. And the Native Americans who were trading with them, they know it. And they used that to their advantage. Of course, it's human nature. So, camp is saying we need to be able to separate our true needs for survival. Yeah. From our wants, those desires for things that aren't essential. Yeah. Exactly. Like that fancy car or that dream house or closing a particular deal. It's about keeping things in perspective, right? And he tells this great story about his flight instructor, Miller. Oh, yeah. What was that about? Camp was so focused on proving he was right in this hypothetical flying scenario. Okay. That he missed the whole point of the lesson, which was about staying alive. Wow. So, even a need to be right can be dangerous. Absolutely. It shows how subtle neediness can be and how it can cloud your judgment. And it's not just about our internal feelings, right? It can show up in our language and behavior, too. Yeah. Like even something as simple as how you greet someone, saying, "Hello, Mr. Jones." instead of just, "Hello, Frank." It sounds a bit formal. It can be, and it can certainly signal that you're trying to please them. You know, you're a little bit too eager. Interesting. Or the way you phrase an appointment request. How so? Saying something like, "I was hoping I could maybe get 10 minutes of your time." What's wrong with that? It sounds needy. It puts you in a weaker position. So, what should you say instead? Just be direct and confident. Something like, "I'd like to schedule 10 minutes with you." Ah, so it's about projecting confidence even in small interactions. Exactly. And camp also warns against the dangers of those warm calls where you're all excited about the potential deal before you've even had a real conversation. Yeah. That premature enthusiasm can easily turn into neediness. He gives some examples of how this can backfire, right? He does like that executive who was so desperate for a promotion. Yeah. that he ended up giving away too much in the negotiation, making the other side suspicious. Exactly. They were like, "Wait a minute. Why is this person so eager to make this deal?" And there's that story about Camp's client who was so keen to close a big deal, okay, that they offered such a generous offer, it actually backfired. Really? Yeah. The other CEO was a savvy negotiator and he saw right through it. He sensed that neediness. Exactly. And it made him question their competence. He thought if they're willing to give away this much, there must be something wrong. So, it had the opposite effect. It did. Instead of sealing the deal, it actually made the other side more cautious. And this all ties in with his noclosing rule, doesn't it? It does. Rushing to close a deal is often a sign of neediness. And people can sense that. They can think about it. Everyone hates those pushy sales people. Oh, yeah. Those hard sell tactics. Exactly. Those trick closes that make you feel like you're being manipulated. It just makes you want to run the other way, right? And Kent makes this really important distinction between need. Okay. Which he says is like death in a negotiation. Wow. And want, which is a natural human desire. So it's okay to want something. It is. But it's about being in control of that desire. So how do you project that kind of confidence? It's about being calm, being disciplined, and showing that you're not desperate. Okay. So we've talked about the pitfalls of win-win and the importance of overcoming neediness. Yeah. Two key ideas from start with no. What's next? Well, the next concept is something he calls the Columbbo effect. The Columbbo effect. Yeah. The secret of being not okay. Now, for those who might not know who Columbbo is, right? He was this TV detective. Yeah. Kind of rumpled. Always seemed a little bit clueless, but he always got his man. Exactly. He was brilliant. So, how does this relate to negotiation? Cam says that just like Columbombo, the skilled negotiator understands that in any interaction, yeah, only one person can truly feel okay. Okay. Like truly comfortable, confident in control, and that should be the other person. Ideally, yes, by letting them feel a little bit superior, a little bit more in charge. You actually gain the upper hand. You do. It's counterintuitive, but it works. It's like Columbo's adversaries. They underestimated him. Exactly. They thought they were smarter than him. Yeah. And that made them let their guard down, right? They felt comfortable enough to reveal information they wouldn't have otherwise. So, it's a psychological tactic. It is. And it's based on this idea that when someone sees you as less competent, Yeah. they tend to relax. They don't feel as threatened and they might say things they wouldn't say to someone they saw as an equal. Exactly. But this goes against everything we're taught about business, doesn't it? It does. We're always told to project strength and competence, not weakness. Right. But Camp says that in negotiation, strategically projecting that sense of being not okay, okay, can be a powerful way to disarm your opponent. He gives the example of Network Inc., right? He does. They were on the verge of bankruptcy. Okay. And they were really hesitant to reopen negotiations with a supplier. Why? They thought it would make them look unprofessional. Like they were admitting they'd made a mistake. Exactly. But can't convince them that the potential damage to their reputation Yeah. was far less significant than the very real risk of going bankrupt. So sometimes being not okay means being honest about your situation. It does and it can actually work in your favor. So how does this apply when you're dealing with a really tough negotiator? Camp tells his clients to not react defensively in those situations. Okay. Instead, they should listen calmly, take notes, and maybe ask some questions that make them seem a little less knowledgeable, right? To subtly reinforce that not okay feeling. And then what? Then they simply ask, "What would you like us to do?" Putting the ball back in the other person's court. Exactly. It takes the pressure off you and forces them to come up with a solution. It's a clever tactic. It is, but it can be tough to pull off, especially when we're so conditioned to project an image of success. Yeah. Like those CEOs we see in the magazines. always looking confident and in control, right? But Camp makes a compelling case for the power of strategically embracing that not okay stance. Okay, let's move on to another key idea from the book. All right, and this one is forget. Yes, forget. Maybe. Ah, yes. This is a classic camp principle. It sounds pretty dismissive, though. It does. But he's making a point. What's the point? He argues that the best yes, the most valuable yes comes after a considered no. So you start by saying no. Exactly. He believes that's where negotiation really begins. Not by being agreeable. No. By establishing your boundaries. He even titled the book Start with no. He did to really hammer home that point. He uses this example of cold calling. Yeah. And actually inviting the other person to say no. Right. It sounds counterintuitive. It does because you're trying to get a meeting. You are, but by saying something like, "If this isn't a good fit, just tell me and I'll get off the phone." Is that fair? Okay. You're actually taking the pressure off them by giving them permission to say no. Exactly. You're respecting their time and their decision. Interesting. And it can actually make them more receptive to hearing what you have to say. But saying no feels so negative. It does. It goes against that whole win-win culture where everyone's supposed to be agreeable, right? Camp says that this is one of the hardest principles for people to accept. Why is that? Because it feels confrontational. It feels like you're closing doors. And we don't want to offend anyone. Exactly. But he argues that saying maybe or yes just to avoid that difficult Yeah. no can lead to bigger problems down the road. Like ending up in a situation you don't want to be in. Exactly. Or creating resentment because you didn't set clear boundaries from the start. He tells that story about the new client who immediately offered a discount. Oh yeah. Without even thinking about it just to please the other side, right? And it totally backfired. They're too eager. They were. And it made them look weak. And there's that story about the negotiation with the Japanese corporation. Oh yes. Where one of the team members blurted out a 2% discount. 2%. Yeah. In a billion dollar deal. Wow. That's a lot of money. It is. And he did it just to fill the silence because he was uncomfortable. Exactly. He wanted to make the other side feel okay. But it created chaos for his own team. It they had to scramble to recover from that. So it's about being comfortable with silence. It is. And not feeling pressured to say yes just to please the other person and not letting your emotions drive your decisions. Right. In the long run, strong business relationships, they're built on mutual respect and clear communication, not on trying to be everyone's best friend. Exactly. So this fear of saying no, it often comes from a worry about damaging relationships. Yeah. But camp also talks about another reason which is the fear of making the wrong decision. Ah yes, that can be paralyzing. It can we get stuck in that loop of what if I make the wrong choice, right? What if I could get a better deal? What if I miss out? And that can lead to indecision. It can and that's why people say maybe as a way to delay the decision. Exactly. But Camp says that negotiation is really just a series of decisions. Okay? And if you make a bad decision, you learn from it and you make a better one next time. He uses that analogy of his flight instructor again, right? Who told him, "As long as you're making decisions, we can fix the bad ones. It's about taking action. It is not getting stuck in analysis paralysis." And he gives examples of big companies making course corrections. Yeah. Like IBM initially dismissing the PC. Okay. Okay. And Microsoft initially dismissing the internet. Big mistakes. They were. But they adapted. They changed course. So it's not a sign of weakness to admit you were wrong. No. It's a sign of strength. And it's important not only to be able to say no yourself. Yeah. But to be able to accept no from the other side. Absolutely. And to make it clear from the start that no is a perfectly acceptable response. It sets the tone for a more honest negotiation. It does. And it can actually build trust. So this leads us to the final key aspect we'll cover today. Okay. And it's the idea of mission and purpose. Ah yes M&P camp sees this as a guiding principle. He does for making decisions in negotiation and in life. So it's like your northstar. Exactly. It gives you a framework for making choices. He uses the example of President Lincoln whose mission was to preserve the union. A powerful example of a clear and unwavering purpose. It gave him direction in the face of incredible challenges. Exactly. And camp shares a story about a client, okay, who developed this M&P that was centered around imagination, possibility, and healing. Interesting. And it helped them clarify which parts of their business they should keep and which parts they should let go of. Exactly. It gave them a filter for making tough decisions. He also tells that story about the father with the premature baby. Oh yes. A very moving example. The baby needed heart surgery, right? And the father used a very specific M&P to guide his conversations with the doctors. Yeah. He was focused on minimizing the risk to his child. He knew it was most important and it helped him advocate for the best possible care. It did. And then there are those negative examples like Eastern Airlines, right? Where the real M&P seemed to be about stripping assets, not about building a sustainable business. And the Quaker Oats acquisition of Snapple. Yeah, that was a disaster, wasn't it? It was. And Camp suggests that it was partly because Quaker Oats didn't really understand Snapple. They didn't understand its core identity or its distribution network. So, they lacked a clear vision for how to make it work. They did. And Cam's point is that while you can't always control the outcome of a negotiation, Yeah. you can control your preparation. Absolutely. And that preparation starts with a strong mission and purpose. So, to recap our deep dive into start with no, right? We've looked at Kimp's warnings about the win-win trap, right? The crucial importance of overcoming neediness, a big one, the surprising power of being not okay, definitely a counterintuitive but effective strategy. The importance of embracing no, setting those boundaries, and the foundational role of mission and purpose in guiding our decisions. It's a powerful framework for negotiation and for life. Camp's whole approach is about shifting our focus from what? From trying to manipulate the other side to understanding the dynamics of negotiation and making deliberate choices based on our own goals and limitations. It's about being strategic and intentional. Exactly. And maybe the most valuable takeaway for you, our listener. Yeah. Is to think about your own level of neediness in your next interaction, whether it's a formal negotiation or just a conversation. How aware are you of that neediness? And how is it affecting your behavior? It's something to really pay attention to. It could change the way you approach these situations. It could. And if this deep dive into start with no has piqu your interest, we highly recommend checking out the book. It's full of great insights and it offers a really different perspective on negotiation, one that can be incredibly valuable in all areas of your life. Thanks for joining us for this deep dive into effective negotiation from the corner office. Until next time, keep exploring and keep learning.

- Tactics for Negotiating: Kind: captions Language: en - Hello, my name is Caitlin Hunter, and today, we are going to go over some best practices for negotiating compensation when you have received a job offer. If you've watched our other video on preparing for negotiations, you already know why we negotiate and how to prepare for a negotiation. Now that you know you should negotiate and have prepared for your negotiation, you need to know how to negotiate. Two key factors in negotiation are your reservation point and your aspiration point. Like all other aspects of negotiation, it is very important to be realistic about what these are and to think about them in advance. The aspiration point is your goal, but it must be the best outcome you realistically hope to achieve. Maybe you make a certain amount, but you are planning a big industry or function switch. This is a time when it is especially important to be realistic about what you can expect to be offered and where doing market research will really help you figure out what is realistic for what you want. The reservation point is your walk away point, what you have determined to be the least you are willing to be compensated for your work in that role. The space between your reservation point and aspiration point should encompass all aspects of your compensation package including both qualitative and quantitative priorities. Now that you have your reservation and aspiration point, the bargaining range is called the zone of possible agreement or your range of negotiation. So, if you see early on, that the compensation offer is much lower than your reservation point, you will know that it might not be worth it to negotiate. Obviously, if it is above your aspiration point, it's great news. If you think from an employer's perspective, they have opposite reservation and aspiration points. They want to hire an extremely qualified person at the lowest possible rate. So, if you are trying to make a win-win situation, you can help make the employer's reservations more flexible by finding a middle group in your zone of possible agreement. When thinking about negotiating, be firm on your priorities, but flexible on reaching them. For example, some companies might not be able to budge on salary for one reason or another. Don't get upset or disgruntled. Focus on why you want it, not what you want. See if there's a way to get an extra project to show that you can handle more work or is there a way to have a six month review to discuss further compensation later down the road? Many people ask a question, get a yes or no answer, then take that at face value. But remember that there are ways to get what you want if you are flexible. The goal is to keep the discussion going and see what you can achieve along the way. If you don't reach an agreement in the present negotiation, it is key to have a BATNA or a best alternative to negotiated agreement. You always have a BATNA and it is important to know what it is ahead of time. There's always going to be something else you can negotiate. So, if you look at the quantitative and qualitative factors to consider, you start with the thing you want to negotiate first. Maybe it's on your list of non-negotiables, but you have other options if they can't negotiate salary, for example. Your alternative is to move down the list to something that is also important to you, and see if you can get that instead. Again, through all negotiations, it is fine to say it's not the best opportunity if you can't come to an agreement. Thank you for this opportunity, but it just isn't a good time right now. Just remember, you never know when paths will cross again, so if you have to decline an offer, make sure to do it respectfully. Thanks for watching. In our next video, we'll go over how to have an actual negotiation conversation. If you have any questions about the content in this video or any other career related questions, please reach out to a member of your CMC team.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RealStandskeleton [1 likes]: Sounds easy enough but a lot of tough consideration

- The importance of studying consumer behavior: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, let's do this. Today, I'm going to teach you what consumer behavior is. First of all, it is defined as the area of research within the field of marketing that focuses on how consumers acquire, use, and dispose of goods, services, time, and ideas. Consumers can be individuals, families, or other groups such as teams and companies. Let's try to understand the importance of studying consumer behavior. Suppose you need a new phone. How would you go about satisfying this need? Where would you turn to for information? How would you set your budget? Where would you buy the phone? These are just some decisions consumers face on a regular basis. Interestingly, each consumer will answer these questions differently based on their backgrounds and some psychological factors. For a company that makes phones, the answers to these questions will help them know the types of phones to design, the price consumers are willing to pay, and where they should sell their phones. It is very important to understand how consumers make decisions because the best way to create and keep customers is to understand what motivates their consumption decisions and anticipate their consumption needs. Only this way, companies can design products, services, and offers that will make their customers happy. [Applause] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @f_floopnblackbob38 [45 likes]: Anyone have to watch this for school?
  2. @emvIyxo [34 likes]: me & my homies gotta watch this for school 😼
  3. @TheMikado [3 likes]: Guys, is this gonna be on the exam?
  4. @bewinsisuru8913 [2 likes]: Me watching this for tomorrow Uni exam on Buyer behavior and relationship
  5. @rickwerd-d4y [2 likes]: Good overview of the core concepts! It would be interesting to see how these principles are evolving with the rise of digital marketing and e-commerce. Perhaps a follow-up video exploring that could be valuable for today's students.
  6. @rinreborn7364 [2 likes]: watch this for my school, nothing similar to my textbook. Gain nothing, fuck
  7. @voltairepabustan [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing!
  8. @sirishac2128 [2 likes]: Sirisha C
  9. @JenniferRose-e9s [1 likes]: Informative.
  10. @Phillmatic [1 likes]: toyota or lexus?
  11. @thepropheticcorner [1 likes]: Awesome Information
  12. @mdsharifulislam3752 [1 likes]: good
  13. @juaninabillion7223 [1 likes]: This is a bunch of crap! Yes before with the older generation and up to the baby boomers, But the younger and semi younger (40 & below) mostly just stupidly spend with zero thought!
  14. @ClaudineKuipers: It was very instructive
  15. @DeannaRamirez-c8e: I really appreciate your efforts! Could you help me with something unrelated: I have a okx with USDT, and I have the 12word phrases: ( host hair point assault nominee walk plate focus idea analyst metal liberty). What's the way to send them to Binance?
  16. @raeadrianarevalo8739: the background is so distracting
  17. @fatmamacit9814: Selin hocam harikasınız 💕💕💞💓💖💞💓💕💖💞
  18. @bashbash7340: انيل مفهمت شي 😂😂😂😭
  19. @mdsharifulislam3752: very nice
  20. @nayanaavisruta3887: Nayanaa. M. Visruta

- The Secret to GREAT Customer Service | Simon Sinek: Kind: captions Language: en Customers talk about they have great service or bad service if they got what they want or didn't get what they want. Right? But that's not true. I'll give you an example. Let's say I'm on a business trip and my work is done early and I want to go home to my family. I check the website. I see that there are there's flights available on the earlier flights. Let's call it a day early. Um and so I call the airline and I say, "Hey, I'm done early. I'd really love to get home to my family. I see that you've got availability in the earlier flight. Can I get on that flight? And the agent says, "I'm sorry, you have the wrong class of ticket. I can't change your I can't change your flight. I'm happy to pay a fee. I'm happy to pay whatever it is, please. Can I get on that flight? I'm sorry, sir. I told you you have the wrong class of uh you have the wrong class. I can't I can't book you. You have the wrong status flight. There's nothing I can do. The computer won't let me do it." Okay. I now hate that airline, right? Okay. Let's replay that. Okay. Same scenario. Hi, I'm done early. Love to go home. I see you have availability. Can I get on that flight? Sir, I want to get you home to your family. Here's the problem. Your your your ticket is the wrong class and so the computer won't let me. But let me let me see what I can do. I really want to get you home to your family. Click click click click click click click. That didn't work. Click click click click. That didn't work. Sir, let me talk to my supervisor. I'm determined to get you home to your family. Go away. Come back. Sir, I talked to my supervisor. We've tried like six different things. There's nothing I can do. I am so so sorry. I just cannot get you on that earlier flight. Don't worry. Thank you for trying. I now love that airline even though I didn't get what I want. And that's what it feels like when someone cares. It doesn't mean we always get what we want, but what we get is somebody who understands and cares about what we're trying to accomplish. That's considered good service.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jackbaxter2223 [2 likes]: This is terrible advice.

I would rather the service worker politely tell me straight up that what I'm asking for is unfortunately impossible than waste both of our time with about ten minutes of performative obsequiousness for the exact same end result. Even in the first example given, the service worker told him the truth straight away, and he repeatedly refused to accept reality wasn't going to bend to his whims.

The 'great' customer service described wasted the customer's time by giving him false hope when the service worker already knew that what he wanted was impossible. It wasted the service worker's time by forcing them to act out this entirely scripted BS when they could simply tell the customer the truth and move on to helping someone else. And it also wasted the time of anyone else calling in and waiting on the line for an issue that the service worker might actually be able to help with.
  2. @jimmytrevino2346 [1 likes]: DON'T CHOKE ON THIS ONE 😮
  3. @lauriechadwick: This video is EXACTLY RIGHT. THANK YOU for explaining it to the masses. The amount of times I rarely get customer service as you describe any more these days makes almost everything feel like hell. The customer service you described in this video is exactly what I was taught.
  4. @HaveYouSeenThisOneVirginia: I think what you're saying is you take on the customers challenge as though it was your own and you work as a team to help solve it. That's a wonderful approach and once the customer sees that you've gone the extra mile to help them they are usually thankful even if they did not get what they want.
  5. @WilsonWilson-m7y: Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
  6. @JamesMount-y6q: very useful, Will try it
  7. @llxxl052: i wonder if there's a way to solve this without involving the supervisor? the supervisor might be annoyed that you went to them for a problem that they might see as pointless. if the CSA already knew that realistically there was nothing to be done, i think many supervisors would say "why did you come to me?". does anyone have any idea how you might handle this specific situation without involving a supervisor?
  8. @HiboMohamed-q2l: I worked on retention since 1994 in world security, step 4, AA, they opposed me very very much, opposition, rejection, refusal, take care. Thank you in ways! Thanks again. " Customer Is King"!!!
  9. @Expandabond: what a great message. Thank you.
  10. @brooketolmachoff571: Hey Simon.  Funny this video is about an airline.  I was on a Lufthansa plane that literally caught fire and have received no customer service in greater than 30 days.  This has an absolute horrible experience with Lufthansa.  Their only customer service is through an unknown inbox and no one has responded in greater than 30 days.  Do you have any suggestions for me?
  11. @thelyon3791: Customer service nowadays is a joke. They what the business but they don't want to do the things to get the business. For example, you have a favorite breakfast at your restaurant, but it's only served certain days of the week. They don't have it on the day that you want it walk out. Let them know. We need to do more of this
  12. @AWayOfLiving84: 1:37
  13. @AWayOfLiving84: 🌏👤🪶☯️🌌♻️❣️
  14. @Crescitaly_com: The secret to long-term growth? Consistency + strategy. Crescitaly helps you master both. 📈
  15. @adilena-b1f: I love this
  16. @sloaner5253: Humans lack empathy. Have empathy towards all other beings
  17. @maekaackerman3883: What if you call the 2nd agent first, and that agent walk you through and help you in everything she/he can but still theres no available flight at the end, would you still think like that? Like ending up "no flight!".
  18. @REDISCUTE: I work in the medical field. It’s not often but sometimes people get really upset nine times out of 10. If you tell them, I completely understand. Let me see what I can do. They almost always calm down whether we can help or not.
  19. @Pegaseus: As the Customer Care Manager for my company, this is SO accurate. 

We can have the best processes, the tightest policies, and the cleanest billing structure in the industry. But if our customers don’t feel like we care about their success — all of that becomes transactional.
  20. @YTRoss44: 💣 love this as this is what it is all about.

- Neuromarketing: Inside the Mind of the Consumer: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] as consumer preferences evolve it can be hard for companies to market to their audiences in the right way there's been a lot of attention on big data which can help companies understand their customers better but more so on a quantitative level qualitative indicators are just as important factors like brand image and customer loyalty for example are strategically important but hard to quantify traditional methods like surveys and group studies often give skewed or inaccurate results due to human error however there may be a solution where neuroscience and marketing intersect neuromarketing is a brain based approach to help marketers directly measure customers underlying thoughts feelings and intentions neurologists have taken the latest understanding of basic human cognition and applied it to marketing let's take a closer look at the circuits that inform our perception attention and memory the attention circuit selectively evaluates stimuli focusing on some and ignoring others by understanding this process the best marketers build captivating brands that stand up the emotional circuit enables an individual's subjective feelings this is crucial to creating the positive emotional associations that many companies seek the memory circuit supports the retention and recall of information a consumers memories of a company and its products will stick with them and become the basis of all subsequent interactions a firm's ability to shape and sustain these memories will make them more competitive finally the valuation circuit is at the core of one's cost-benefit analysis and decision making what is most interesting about the circuit is how it potentially interacts with others for example to the emotional evaluation circuits interact to influence consumer choice researchers can observe these circuits in action using fMRI and EEG scans to monitor brain activity this method of collecting data helps circumvent the issue of interpreting the meaning and accuracy of responses and traditional interview methods one qualitative result companies can measure is a Zoomers level of engagement I eat the ability for an ad to capture attention neuro marketing studies are great because the researcher doesn't have to pause content for feedback or wonder whether the consumer is accurately articulating their opinions on the ad researchers found that engaging content triggers a similar response across most individuals creating a signature that can denote a successful ad though neuro marketing research continues to expand it is beginning to provide at least some insight about important questions like how consumers feel and what they think when they are buying or interacting with products to find out more about the potential applications of neuro marketing please read the California management reviews latest issue vol 59 issue 4

  Top Comments:
  1. @jesper771 [12 likes]: Surprisingly nothing about the ethics of neuromarketing, too me a very important and relevant part of this upcoming new branch
  2. @andrewmiller1522 [2 likes]: How is it you make such an interesting topic sound like a dr office waiting room music?
  3. @chiquita_sky [1 likes]: the voice is soooo not energetic. sounds like she is reading this because she have to.
  4. @paulocezarzorzi4859 [1 likes]: thank you very much. dear teacher.
  5. @Youdidsept11: Billboards are big for marketing
  6. @Youdidsept11: Attention control. U could end up with five laundry detergents for one washer if abused by a group with technology for neuro marketing!  Brain train! I bet people woth neuro brain tech are interested in brain training programs :)
  7. @LongMusicBackground: I think this new term in marketing only applies for consumer goods, FMCG industry.
as long as the marketed product build upon one assumption: have a same features and qualities.

Pepsi and Coca-Cola are the same product, so it's depend on marketing technique that make this product success.

Oracel vs. AWS: you can't just use a neuromarketing technique. you need a great technology and a lot of egineer innovators
  8. @joinusorbecomethem: 130