- Impulse Buying: Why You Buy Stuff You Don't Need: Kind: captions Language: en [INTRO ♪] You’ve probably noticed that in a lot of stores, they make you run through a gauntlet of candy bars, nail clippers, and phone chargers before you can pay and make your escape into the outside world. Maybe you wonder who buys all that stuff. Or maybe you’re already unwrapping a candy bar you had not planned to buy. Those bins are just one of the tricks retailers use to get you to impulse buy, where you purchase something without planning for it in advance. That means you are spending more money than you were originally going to, so you can see why stores would try so hard to get you to do it. But whether their tricks work depends a lot on your personality, and how your brain reacts to perceived gains and losses. Impulse buyers tend to be impulsive in general, which isn’t too surprising. In a 2016 survey of nearly 1500 people, those that said they were likely to spend a hypothetical windfall impulsively also reported higher levels of other impulsive behavior, like binge drinking and unprotected sex. And a lot of psychologists think these choices come down to the same thing: a battle between parts of your brain. One part, called the nucleus accumbens, activates in proportion to how excited you’ll be to have that new thing you want. It’s the same region that activates for what are known as primary reward drives—things like food and sex. Another part of the brain, the insula, has a big reaction to something else: the price. The bigger the price, the more the insula activates. Psychologists call this reaction the “pain of paying” because the insula also activates when we expect to be hurt physically, and when we’re exposed to negative things like horrible smells. Meanwhile, a third region, the mesial prefrontal cortex, also plays a role— it, too, reacts to the price, activating when you think you’ve gotten a good deal. Researchers are able to do a pretty good job predicting whether someone will make a purchase by comparing activation in these three regions. But not everyone’s brain reacts the same way to the same deal, which has led some psychologists to think that we all fall on a spectrum of "pain of paying”— basically, how much spending money bothers us. On one end are the spendthrifts, who just don’t really feel that pain. They think nothing of spending some extra money if they've got it. That’s what it's there for, right? On the other end are the tightwads, who will wait until the last minute to pull out their wallets, even for things they definitely need— for them, the pain of paying is more like the agony of paying. And I know this personally. I sweat, I get hot, I get—my armpits go. It’s, like, the least comfortable I ever am. Spendthrifts are naturally impulsive buyers, and not necessarily because they have more money to spend. A 2007 survey of over 9000 people found those at the spendthrift end of the spectrum had more credit card debt. But even though tightwads don’t like spending money, they’re more vulnerable to certain types of tricks designed to get them spending money they don’t intend to. That’s because they really feel anything that reduces their intense pain of paying. Since spendthrifts aren’t pained anyway, ploys to reduce pain don’t work as well on them. For example, in one 2007 study, researchers asked 538 college students if they were willing to pay a five dollar fee to get overnight delivery on a new purchase. But for half the people, they called it the "small five dollar fee" to reduce the pain of paying. That one word didn't matter to the spendthrifts at all— about the same amount paid the fee either way. But just describing the fee as "small" made the tightwads feel much better about paying the price— about three times as many thought that it was worth it to get the delivery overnighted. What? Excuse me, I have to go make some changes to DFTBA.com. Other research has found a similar effect with using credit cards, which are thought to reduce the pain of paying by keeping the actual, physical money out of sight and out of mind. In a shopping study on 125 students, paying by credit card instead of cash didn't affect the spendthrifts’ buying behaviors at all, but tightwads were more willing to spend money on unhealthy stuff they didn't need. Those candy bar displays don’t really reduce the pain of paying in any way, so they’re probably not the type of trick that will get the tightwads spending more. But sticking a bunch of tempting chocolate in front of the spendthrifts passing through? That might get some cash. Your spending habits may also be influenced by another personality trait— whether you're what psychologists call a "maximizer" or a "satisficer." For maximizers, decision making is never easy. If a maximizer needs a new computer, for example, they might open up a spreadsheet, and find all the computers on the market, and start listing things like price, processor speed, hard drive capacity. They’re gonna watch a bunch of YouTube videos on a bunch of different YouTube channels. They’ll weigh everything that might be important before making their final choice. A satisficer is the kind of person who says, "y'know, I just need something that I can watch YouTube videos on," and they get the first thing that fits that description. In other words, they go with the first thing that satisfies their requirements. It shouldn’t come as a shock that satisficers tend to spend money more impulsively, because they make purchases more quickly than maximizers. But the funny thing is, there's lots of research that suggests that maximizers aren't as happy with what they buy, and they regret their purchases more. It's like, once they put so much thought into that mental spreadsheet of all their options, they have trouble leaving it behind. So making your spending decisions quickly might mean you spend more than you intended, but it isn't all bad. In the end, whether you’re a spendthrift or a tightwad, or a maximizer or a satisficer, there are some things that you can do if you want to check your impulsive spending. If the pain of paying matters to you, you can try ditching the credit cards and paying in cash. Lots of studies show that using cash slows down spending because it forces you to literally watch the money as it’s in your hand and then not anymore. Or, if you see something you think you want, consider waiting before you actually buy it. Understanding that having your hands on something sets off that feel-good reward excitement in your brain might help you resist the urge. Then you can see if you're still thinking about it later on. This has been SciShow Psychology. If you want to learn more about how companies try to hack your brain to maximize sales, you can check out our video on how ads are designed to persuade you. [OUTRO ♪]

  Top Comments:
  1. @b0mazor [1 likes]: Study participants over 9000!
  2. @jr-kickstart [1 likes]: I impulsively bought a furby today. Then I told the seller I didn’t want it anymore. Then I wanted it. It was too late. The refund was already happening. We’ll see what happens next…
  3. @TeamForwood: This video was helpful
  4. @Ondulo: The 'pain of paying' concept is wild! It totally explains why we fall for the Sunk Cost Fallacy too (just made a video on this!). We’d rather keep paying for a gym membership we don't use than face the 'pain' of admitting we wasted our money 😅
  5. @mo-0304: So glad I came across your video. Crazy how marketing works on us without us realizing. Buyers Desire totally calls out that manipulation too.
  6. @Smartmoneymovesmart: So basically my brain sees ‘Ooh shiny!’ and the next thing I know… I don’t need it, but I have it. Science 😅
  7. @OverlordMaggie: The best way I found to counteract impulse buying personally... Is to allocate for one impulse buy.
I shop and have one "slot" for candy, chips, a cool new vegetable they add, something I wanna buy in the moment. If I pick up that veg, I put the candy down.
Essentially it encourages me to buy something I'm interested in to reward me for bothering to go to the store but prevents me from buckling to too many cravings.

Also, having worked in retail, the candy bars are incredible enticement to bored kids ready to beg their parents for sugar...
  8. @TomaszŻegota-o3z: This unlocked something dangerous. I’m not just selling now — I’m triggering desire. 🧠🛒😈
  9. @tormentedterror: Because we can't control it .
  10. @skyofglass1243: As a spendthrift; I'd like to posit the idea that we do in fact feel the pain of paying. it simply doesn't hit us until after the purchase.
  11. @pinkroses135: Purposeful buys. No impulse buys. If you don't have the need away from the ads, internet, stores you don't need it.
  12. @pinkroses135: Cause you need cocaine
  13. @aarone9000: The list of "challenges" we faced back durring the first automobles were no differnt then what we are facing with EVs; the only differnce; we are now whiners! About everything! Grow up. One day people will look back and say , "I cabt believe we ever had any issues with this technoligy"! And in the background crying comeing  fron the once energy domninating oil billionaires! 😢
  14. @daniel_rossy_explica: I think the terms "tightwad" and "maximizer" describe me pretty well. I literally open a spreadsheet filled with the parts of the computer I'm building (I did the same for my bicycle) and it can take a few months before I finish buying all the parts. Also, the "pain of paying" describes pretty well how I pay for things. However, since I began working and having a stable source of income, that pain has been reduced a lot. I still calculate how much something is going to cost me if I pay for it using my credit card, both the total and the individual dues.
  15. @JerkStoreAssistManag: I think YouTube is running an experiment on me. Yesterday all videos I watched had 69 like. Today all of them have 19k likes.
  16. @marcespino2: I'm a maximizer and i'm proud of it!
  17. @jmanj3917: 2:50 ...and because these tricks were developed specifically to help the tightwads part with their money
  18. @artsyycupcake: I can’t use money as cash my ADHD brain will definitely lose it 🥲
  19. @djadelaney: Does it say something about money that it activates pain responses in us? No, it's our brains that are wrong! [Principal Skinner meme]
  20. @g1expert102: I have a pain of paying so bad that i make a new account whenever i buy something online so that i don't have to pay for delivery

- How To Stop Wanting to Buy Stuff | Frugal Living: Kind: captions Language: en foreign even after years of becoming a minimalist I still have that urge to buy the next cool thing that comes out from time to time is it stuff that I need no usually not thankfully there have been a few things that I consider and ways of thinking that I adopted that have stopped the unnecessary spending and ultimately to stop buying things I don't need altogether here's how I stopped wanting to buy stuff but first if you're new to my channel thank you for stopping by here we talk about minimalism Frugal Living Tech and things of that nature so if that sounds good to you and to end up liking the video be sure to like and please iron Reaver soul stealer the Subscribe button let's get started I'm basically just going to present a list of things I do or think about before almost any purchase starting with the first one which is wait it out I'm always surprised about how much I passed on a purchase after a good waiting period if it's something that costs quite a bit of money I usually give myself about a 30 day waiting period during this time I'm able to see if it fits in my budget look at reviews if I can but most importantly see if I even care after 30 days and I feel like this is just the perfect amount of time to wait it's enough time for the hype of a new product to die down and it's enough time for a lot of thought and consideration to go into it having this waiting period almost always allows me to avoid buyers remorse prevent those impulse purchases and of course it just builds a little bit of discipline with money next time you consider a big purchase sleep on it for a few nights and just give it some thought pros and cons list there's almost always a pros and cons list to be made when spending the obvious con is a loss of money and space in your living area but there are other cons too like if it's something that will need regular maintenance and money to go into it to continue using it and is it something that is generally a waste of time and very unproductive speaking from personal experience I can say every single time I've made a pros and cons list the cons usually far outweigh the pros aside from purchases and spending Amica pros and cons lists with any big life decision unsubscribe and avoid Temptations this is absolutely something that can be practically done rather than just a way of thinking algorithms and personalized ads are everywhere and there is at least a way to control it to an extent a while ago I made an effort to actively go into my email and unsubscribe in order to avoid those Temptations to purchase something I had a slight desire recently to build a PC and as you could probably guess every single video on my YouTube homepage was about building PCS in just about every single ad on the sides of my browser were for PCs and to be honest this is so annoying to me besides unsubscribing from these tempting emails and ads I've made an attempt at just clearing my YouTube homepage and basically every other area where I have the temptation to spend or where I'm encouraged to spend on and off the internet basically anywhere we go we're encouraged to buy and spend money and to be honest sometimes it makes sense if it aligns with our values I think the point I'm trying to make is to take a little bit control where you can and do not give in to tempting impulse spending opportunities find a hobby and this is most definitely something I've experienced firsthand I do want to address I fully understand that most Hobbies require a little bit of spending to even get started but try to understand where I'm coming from most of the times in my life where I wasn't regularly doing something like a hobby or just some sort of activity for fun or to keep me busy I really felt compelled to shop more just to find a little bit of joy that sounds incredibly sad when I say it out loud I can say from personal experience the times I wasn't skating as much and the times I wasn't just going outside as much I would find myself window shopping more often and just going out to eat for fun having a hobby or at the very least something I can fully immerse myself in is so important for me to kill that urge to spend randomly after going to Europe I'm really convinced that spending money in itself is a hobby here in the US and I feel so strongly about this one because this genuinely might be the most effective thing on this entire list most of if not all the Hobbies I'd have are completely free aside from the money I needed to get started grabbing books from the library or going out to skate are basically free to do explore an affordable alternative option I'm pretty positive that there's almost always a more affordable version of everything and I know this video is about not wanting to spend money all together but this is still worth talking about whether it was buying something that I just needed used like my card or my camera or even just borrowing something I know I might only need once I've always found a more affordable option when I just looked instead of buying new books they're free at the library now I want to go to the library instead of buying them new I could say with confidence that while I do still occasionally have the urge to buy something new and exciting I genuinely enjoy the challenge of finding the more affordable option consider financial goals one of the easiest ways to prevent myself from spending is to Simply think about a financial goal I'm trying to reach because buying something that I don't absolutely need is the direct opposite of making progress toward that something I started doing a while ago that I found incredibly effective was to try and find excitement and watching my savings or Investments grow the same way a purchase would bring me excitement if I remember that every non-essential purchase is ultimately a delay in my financial goals it's usually a pretty easy decision right then and there putting these things into practice over a period of time have really just changed the way I think in really the way I am with purchases and I've ultimately stopped the urge to buy things and what I do it's usually a necessity and just replacing something I already have so I hope a few things from this video can prove useful for you anyways as always I appreciate the time you spent here and I appreciate you watching if you did like this video and you like this type of content be sure to like and consider subscribing to my channel and I'll see you next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucxsful [5 likes]: "Everytime I'm not doing any of my hobbies I'm thinking about buying stuff to find some joy". Damn, it hit hard.
  2. @jonnydepp2208 [1 likes]: i really like the video, as i first heard the 30 day time  between thought and actual purchase i was shocked. i thought with my 24 hour waiting time im doing good haha
  3. @erikerak1020 [1 likes]: someone using apple products shouldn't talk about frugality in the first place.
  4. @afifadzlan [1 likes]: I keep coming back to this video when i have the urge to buy something. Hahahaha
  5. @sableann4255: Mass, over consumerism is out of control in America!!!
  6. @solitair601: Don’t buy digital media when it can be shared by a friend or found online.
  7. @Blathers: As someone who already doesn't want to ever buy stuff I still found this very interesting 😅
  8. @user-rq6ic4tk9j: Thanks man!
  9. @prophetjamz94: W inuyasha reference
  10. @imneversarcastic3898: You guys have adds on your browser, weird.
My weaknesses are things I've been wanting for 2+ years that are currently on a 30%+ off sale with free shipping. 
Those are usually Gunpla though because my other hobbies are free or pay for themselves by preventing a necessary purchase.
  11. @MrTubeman123456: Good idea to wait even put it in the cart and wait for the next day alot of the time u will change your mind impulse buying is the worst thing.
  12. @AlexRepon-b3o: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  13. @mr10pink: Your message is bit undermined when you show at same time those objects. Nothing wrong with it but just Stange
  14. @superbroadcaster: I fell into film photography as a hobby and it will passively suck money if you do it any kind of regularly. Very enjoyable but some days it's not always the best results and you're paying for the film and development every time. So make sure it's a hobby that you're okay with the budget and spending needed, because there's always some kinda spending.
  15. @Seppel69: one of the best videos
  16. @vegetaprince4136: I usually break it down into simpler terms
1. Priority (These are the things that I cannot just go without)
2. Need (Once priority is taken care of, I still filter stuff out asking myself do I really need this)
  17. @MrWookLoaf: The only debt that I have is my mortgage and vehicle payment (which to be fair, isn''t nothing) but I don't have any credit cards maxed out or loans that I'm trying to pay back, but that in itself is a trap. It makes spending feel guilt free in a way, but there is still financial goals I want to reach but seem to progress towards extremely slowly because I'm just a irresponsible child at heart when it comes to spending, lol... But I think from now on when I want to make a bigger purchase, Im going to set a reminder from a month of me first wanting it, to see if future me agrees with stupid...i mean current me.
  18. @comradeCryo470: Usually the only things I ever desire are uncommon food ingredients. It makes me thankful I dont need much to keep me occupied and happy
  19. @tangyfresh1830: I think what nobody talks about however is how truly boring and how easily sidetracked you can get trying to do something like this in your life. Changing everything takes more time than you think, nothing is developed overnight, rather that just completely following steps like this try and follow them with a substitute of little things to change first in your spending that just to cut everything. Cut those streaming services that you barley use for a week see how you feel, cook a meal you never have tried before see how you feel. It's a lot easier to change when you feel like something has.
  20. @ActionFigureReview-0316: I’ve recently just gotten over buying things. This coming from someone that has spent 1000’s on action figures and 100’s on DVDs and blu rays. 

I’ve reached critical mass on each in both terms of space and financial investment. I’m going to slow it way down for 2026 and appreciate what I have vs. always getting more and more.

- The Psychology Behind Unnecessary Purchases: Kind: captions Language: en You walk into the Apple store. Your old phone is fine, but the battery is a little slow and the screen has a tiny crack. You convince yourself you need the upgrade. It's for work, right? It's a productivity tool. So, you drop $1,200 on the new iPhone Pro Max Titanium. You walk out of the store feeling good. You feel successful. But then you get into your car and you look at the phone. It's sleek. It's futuristic. And suddenly your old frayed charging cable looks like garbage next to it. It feels wrong to plug this masterpiece of engineering into a $5 gas station cable. So you buy the new MagSafe charger. That's $40. Then you get home and you put the phone on your nightstand. But wait, your cheap plastic phone case looks ridiculous on this titanium device. You need the leather case. That's $60. And then you realize your old wired headphones are incompatible. You need the AirPods Pro to really get the full experience. That's $250. Within 48 hours, that $1,200 purchase has quietly turned into a $1600 purchase, and you didn't even notice it happening. This isn't just you being bad with money. This is a psychological chain reaction that has destroyed more fortunes than the stock market ever could. It's a phenomenon that explains why winning the lottery often leads to bankruptcy and why buying a dream house can turn into a financial nightmare. It is called the Ditto effect. My name is Bobby and on this channel we explore the invisible scripts that keep us broke. Most people think they buy things because they need them. Today, I'm going to prove to you that you buy things because your other things are demanding them. If you want to stop the spiral and actually keep the money you earn, smash that like button and let's dive into the story of the man who lost everything because of a bathrobe. To understand why you can't stop spending money, we have to travel back to France in the year 1765. Meet Deni Dittoiro. He was a famous philosopher, the co-founder of the Encyclopedia and a brilliant mind. But despite his fame, Ditto was broke. He lived a humble life. He wore old clothes. He walked on old rugs. And he sat on a rickety wooden chair in a dusty library. And he was happy. He was content. But then everything changed. Catherine the Great, the Empress of Russia, heard about Ditto's financial struggles. She was a fan of his work, so she offered to buy his library from him for a massive sum of money, roughly the equivalent of $50,000 today, while letting him keep the books. Suddenly, Ditto was rich. So, what did he do? He did what any of us would do. He treated himself. He went out and bought a beautiful, expensive scarlet dressing gown, a luxury robe fit for a king. He brought it home, put it on, and looked in the mirror. He felt elegant. He felt wealthy. But as he sat down at his desk to write, he noticed something bothering him. The robe was magnificent, but his desk his desk was scratched, rotting, and covered in ink stains. The contrast was painful. The desk didn't match the elegance of the robe, so he replaced the desk. He bought a beautiful mahogany writing table. He sat down again. Now the robe and the desk looked great together. But as he looked down at the floor, he realized his old threadbear rug looked like a rag compared to the mahogany table. It was an insult to the room. So he brought a plush, expensive Damascus rug. You can guess what happened next. The rug made the curtains look cheap. He replaced the curtains. The curtains made the chair look like firewood. He bought a leather armchair. He bought new paintings, new sculptures, new mirrors. He spent months obsessing over the unity of his room. He systematically replaced every single object he owned until the entire environment matched the quality of the scarlet robe. And at the end of it, Dennis Ditto was broke again. He later wrote a famous essay titled Regrets on Parting with My Old Dressing Gown. In it, he wrote this haunting line. I was the absolute master of my old dressing gown, but I have become a slave to my new one. This is the Ditto effect. The introduction of a new possession into a consumer's existence will often result in a process of spiraling consumption. We think we own our things, but in reality, our things own us. Now, you might be thinking, "Okay, Bobby, that's a nice story about a French guy from 300 years ago, but I don't wear scarlet robes. How does this apply to me?" It applies to you every single day. The Ditto effect is actually more dangerous today than it was in 1765 because modern marketing is designed to trigger it. weaponized precision. Let's look at the fitness identity spiral. Let's say you decide to get in shape. You buy a Pelaton bike. That's a big purchase, maybe $1,500. You tell yourself, "This is an investment in my health. But when the bike arrives, you realize you can't ride it in your old baggy cotton t-shirt and gym shorts from high school. You don't look like the instructors on the screen. You don't feel like a cyclist. So, you buy the Specialized cycling shoes, $150. Then you buy the moisture wicking compression shorts, $80. Then you buy the branded tank top, $50. Then you realize the bike looks cluttered in your messy living room. You need to create a zen workout space. You buy a yoga mat, some dumbbells, maybe a new smart TV to cast the workouts. Suddenly, you haven't just bought a bike. You have bought an entire identity. This is the core psychology of the Ditto effect. Identity consistency. As humans, we crave consistency. We want our external world to match our internal self-image. When you buy a high status item like a luxury car or a designer handbag, you are upgrading your identity. If you view yourself as a Honda Civic person, you're comfortable wearing jeans and eating at McDonald's. But if you stretch your budget to buy a Porsche, you have shifted your identity. You are now a Porsche person. And Porsche people don't wear scratched sunglasses. Porsche people don't have cheap IKEA furniture. Porsche people don't eat off paper plates. The car acts as the anchor item. It sets a new baseline for your entire life. And every other item in your life that falls below that baseline creates psychological tension. It feels wrong. So to relieve that tension, you upgrade everything else. The car forces you to upgrade your wardrobe. The wardrobe forces you to upgrade your vacation spots. The vacation spots force you to upgrade your luggage. You aren't spending money because you want to. You are spending money to maintain coherence in your story. This is why the fake it till you make it advice is actually financially toxic. If you fake it by buying a Rolex before you can afford it, that Rolex is going to demand a suit, a car, and a dinner tab that will bankrupt you. Let's break down the math of the chain reaction cost. Most people calculate the cost of an item in isolation. They look at the price tag and say, "Can I afford this $500 item?" This is the wrong way to think. You need to calculate the chain reaction cost. Let's take the classic example, home renovation. You decide to renovate your kitchen. You budget $10,000 for new cabinets. That seems reasonable. But once the new white modern cabinets are installed, your yellowish 10-year-old refrigerator looks disgusting. It works perfectly fine, but visually it clashes. It breaks the consistency. So, you spend $2,000 on a stainless steel fridge. Now, the fridge and cabinets are sleek and modern, but looking down, your vinyl floor looks cheap and dated. The contrast is unbearable. So, you rip up the floor and put in hard wood. That's $5,000. Now, the kitchen is a masterpiece. It looks like a magazine cover, but it's an open concept house. So, when you stand in your beautiful new kitchen and look into the living room, the living room looks like a dump. The old brown sofa looks sad. The paint looks dull. The kitchen renovation has leaked into the living room. You end up painting the whole downstairs and buying a new sectional. The final cost, it wasn't $10,000. It was $35,000. The $10,000 cabinets were the scarlet robe. They were the anchor that made everything else look inadequate. If you had kept the old cabinets, you never would have noticed the floor. You never would have hated the fridge. You were happy with them before. The upgrade created the dissatisfaction. This brings us to a terrifying realization. Upgrades are often downgrades in disguise. When Ditto had his old robe, he didn't worry about ink stains. He used it to wipe his pen. It was functional. He was the master of it. When he got the new robe, he became terrified of ruining it. He became stiff. He lost his freedom. When you buy a new, brand new, expensive white couch, you stop letting your friends drink red wine in the living room. You stop letting the dog jump up. You stop living in your living room because you are servicing the object. You become the curator of a museum, not the resident of a home. So, how do we stop this? How do we break a psychological pattern that is hardwired into our brains? We can't just live in a cave and never buy anything nice. That's not realistic. But we can build firewalls to stop the spiral. Here is my three-step defense strategy against the Ditto effect. Strategy number one, predict the chain reaction. Before you buy any upgrade item, a new car, a new console, a new suit, you must pause and ask yourself, what else will this item demand? If you buy the PS5, will it demand a 4K TV to see the graphics properly? Will it demand an extra controller? Will it demand a subscription to PlayStation Plus? Write down the full system cost, not just the item cost. If the PS5 is $500, but the system cost is $1,500, can you afford the $1,500? If the answer is no, do not buy the anchor item. You are inviting a vampire into your house. Strategy number two, the buy one give one rule. The Dero effect thrives on accumulation. We add the new thing, but we keep the old things, and then we try to make the match. You need to cap your inventory. If you buy a new pair of sneakers, an old pair must leave the house. Donate it, sell it, or trash it. If you buy a new toaster, the old toaster goes. This forces you to value what you have. It prevents you from building a shrine of possessions. It keeps you in the mindset of a user, not a collector. Strategy number three, practice strategic downgrading. This is the nuclear option, but it works. Sometimes the only way to reset your baseline is to deliberately downgrade a visible part of your life. Drive a slightly older car than you can afford. Wear a watch that is simple and functional. When your anchor items are humble, you feel zero pressure to upgrade everything else. If you drive a beat up Toyota truck, nobody expects you to wear a $2,000 suit. You have freedom. You can wear jeans. You can eat a burrito in the car. By keeping your status symbols low, you lower the required cost of the rest of your life. You create a lowmaintenance identity. And let me tell you, a lowmaintenance identity is the most profitable asset you can own. It allows you to stack cash while everyone else is busy curating their museum. Look, there is nothing wrong with nice things. I like nice things. But you have to understand the game you are playing. Consumerism is designed to make you feel incomplete. It is designed to make you feel that you are just one purchase away from happiness. But Dero taught us the truth 300 years ago. That one purchase doesn't finish the puzzle. It scramles the puzzle. It resets the board and forces you to start over. Don't be a slave to your robe. Be the master of your life. If you want to know more about how to build real wealth that doesn't rely on showing off, check out this video right here where I break down the Coastfire method we talked about last time. And if this video saved you from making a stupid purchase this week, hit the like button. Subscribe to Bobby for more financial sanity. I'll see you in the next one. Don't buy the robe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucaina1493 [1 likes]: Can you tell me what you’re using to generate the pictures? Thank you.
  2. @Mark_Invest0 [1 likes]: 👍
  3. @andrewinvestsUS [1 likes]: Budgeting is the key
  4. @Jazz313 [1 likes]: Gil Scott Heron Madison Avenue Song
  5. @GeoFrontAnalysis: Budgeting is non negotiable.
  6. @TheCareerPlaybook-f2c: “Low maintenance identity.” That line was golden 😄😄😄
  7. @SmartReturns21: GOOD CONTENT
  8. @JohnnyFinanceClub: So so true! Once you open your eyes and change that mindset, you will grow❤
  9. @SophiaExplainsMoneyUS: The kitchen renovation example really shows how powerful the Diderot Effect can be. One upgrade suddenly makes everything around it feel outdated, and what started as a simple improvement turns into a full chain of expensive replacements. The idea of predicting the ‘system cost’ before buying an anchor item is a really practical way to avoid that trap.
  10. @MindFrame5: 🙌🙌🙌🙌🙌
  11. @davidLazyInvestor: good
  12. @ynotproductionsllc1432: I have to rewatch, 
The Porsche car lost me 😂
  13. @bickinvestUS: Low maintenance identity 😂
  14. @NeoThato_02: How does one find a  balance?
  15. @coro.theman: Low maintenance identity 🙌🏽
  16. @Swannman: Me personally I have never had my own apartment. I just want my own space man.
  17. @terrythetortoise-q8n: This really hits. It’s crazy how often we buy things for a feeling, not because we actually need them. Definitely made me more aware of my own habits.
  18. @unfiltered_finance07: ❤❤
  19. @oldbeatpete: i won't pay more than $150.00 for a phone.
  20. @TheCompoundLife: Low maintenance life beats the costly looking ones

- Why You Buy Things That Are Totally UNNECESSARY | Impulse Buying Psychology: Kind: captions Language: en You just got home after a long, exhausting day at the office. You're scrolling through your phone when an ad pops up. The latest high-end espresso machine with a sleek, minimalist design promising to make your mornings look as aesthetic as an Instagram influencers. You hit buy now. 2 days later, the package arrives. You feel that rush of excitement for maybe 15 minutes, but then the machine ends up gathering dust on your kitchen counter while you're still stopping by Starbucks on your way to work. Why do we do this? Why does a rational adult willingly hand over a whole week's hard-earned paycheck just for 15 minutes of hype? The truth is, our brains are literally wired to make these irrational purchases. and billion-dollar companies know exactly how to exploit this one, the dopamine addiction and the convenience trap. We've all heard about dopamine, the feel-good hormone. But let's take a deeper look at how modern society, especially here in the States, actually exploits it. Tech companies aren't just selling products, they're selling frictionless experiences. Think about it. [music] Why did Amazon create the one-click buy button? Why does Tik Tok shop make it so easy to purchase something while you're right in the middle of a mindless scroll? When spending money becomes [music] this effortless, your brain doesn't have time to trigger its risk [music] control system. Research shows that when we use physical cash, a part of the brain associated with pain, the insula actually lights up. But when we swipe a credit card or use Apple [music] Pay, that part of the brain stays dormant. You don't feel like you're losing an asset. It feels like you're just receiving a gift. Here's a deep shift take. We [music] are living in a frictionless economy. As payment barriers vanish, your personal discipline becomes the only thing standing between you and a dry bank account. If you don't manually reintroduce that friction, like removing your save card info from websites, you'll remain nothing more than a puppet of the algorithm. Social pressure in the digital age. We often talk about keeping up with the Joneses, mimicking our friends and neighbors, but in 2026, your neighbors aren't just the people next door. They are strangers on social media living perfectly curated, filtered lives. This feeds into a concept called lifestyle creep. As your income rises, instead of saving that extra cash, you convince yourself that you deserve that Tesla or that you need to book that luxury vacation just to stay on par with everyone else. But in reality, we aren't just buying objects. We are buying an identity. You don't buy those expensive running shoes because you're an elite athlete. You buy them because you want to be seen as someone who values health. You buy that designer bag because you want the status of being successful. The cold hard truth is this. Other people are so preoccupied with how they look to you that they aren't even noticing what you're wearing or driving. Spending money to impress people you don't even like is one of the single biggest financial traps that Americans fall into today. Three, the psychology of retail therapy. We often go shopping when we're feeling down. Stressed at work? Go shopping. Just went through a breakup? Go shopping. Feeling lonely? Go shopping. In psychology, this is known as compensatory consumer behavior. When you feel like you've lost control over your life, maybe your job feels insecure or things are chaotic at home, buying something new [music] gives you a hit of fake authority, you tell yourself, "At least I still have the power to choose this shirt." But this is a toxic cycle. Shopping out of boredom leads to debt. Debt leads to stress. And stress leads right back to more shopping to find relief. To break this loop, you have to identify your emotional triggers. Next time you're at the checkout, ask yourself, "Do I actually need this item or do I just need a hug?" To actually make a change, generic advice isn't enough. You need a game plan. Here are the specific methods that we propose [music] here at Deep Shift. Four, how to hack your brain. First, the 72-hour rule. Whenever you see a must-have item, put it in your cart and wait exactly [snorts] 3 days. After 72 hours, that initial dopamine rush will fade. If you still feel it's necessary, then go ahead and buy it. But truth be told, 80% of the time, you'll realize it's just not that exciting anymore. Second, trade your labor for value. Instead of looking at a $100 price tag, look at it in terms of the hours [music] you have to work. Ask yourself, are these jeans worth 5 [music] hours of sitting in the office getting grilled by my boss? Suddenly, the math looks a lot different. Third, digitize the feeling of cash. Even if you use a card, turn on instant transaction alerts. Force yourself to look at that notification of money leaving your account immediately. It forces your brain to register the pain of spending [music] in real time. And lastly, distinguish between standards and wants. Set a hard cap on luxury spending. Say 10 to 15% of your [music] income. Once that budget is hit, the answer is no. Even if the item is 90% off, at the end of the day, money is just a tool. It makes for a great servant but a terrible master. Once you understand the mind games that your brain [music] and advertisers are playing on you, you can finally take back the wheel. The truth is you don't need more money to be happy. You need fewer desires to be free. So, next time you feel that sudden urge to buy something you don't need, just smile and tell yourself, "Oh, my brain is just chasing a dopamine hit again, but today I'm the one in charge." Now, I'm curious. What's the most ridiculous thing you've bought that you didn't need? Expensive gadget or impulse clothing? Drop your answer in the comments. I read every single one. If this opened your eyes, hit that like button and subscribe for more psychology breakdowns. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DeepShift123: Most purchases don’t fail because we’re poor — they fail because they were made by dopamine, not intention.
Awareness is the real upgrade

- Stop Buying Stuff | Niko Stoifberg | TEDxBibliothekZug: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Yuankai Gu Reviewer: David DeRuwe I would like to tell you a bit about an unusual New Year’s resolution that I made a couple of years ago. On New Year’s Eve 2015, I decided to stop buying stuff. Now, I hadn’t run out of money, and I wasn’t planning to spend a year in a cave meditating, and I also hadn’t any problems thinking about things that I would love to call my own. So what had happened to me? Well, what had happened was this: I had just come back from a holiday on Bali, which, you know, is being advertised as a paradise. But instead of pictures of gorgeous tropical nature, endless beaches and deep blue skies, the pictures that I remember that I still had in my mind were pictures of burning rubbish, of fire and smoke and heaps of plastic, and shorelines so deeply covered with waste that it was hard to tell where the beach was ending and where the ocean began. Both of them, the beach and the ocean, were covered beneath an endless blanket woven of all the thousands of colors that industrial materials can take, from the pink of brand new flip flops to the neon colors of children’s toys to the green and brown of plastic bottles. It was a huge wasteland of plastic, and I only saw the surface, the things that happened to stay afloat. Now, as I waded through this wasteland, I was both shocked and disgusted: shocked by the sheer amount of stuff and disgusted by the lifestyle that produced it - a lifestyle that happened to be my own. As a matter of fact, much of what washes up on the shores of Bali doesn’t actually have its origin on the island, but it finds its way there from every corner of the world where people can afford to throw it away. It was this holiday on Bali that made me want to stop buying stuff. Now, I’m no ascetic, I am not an activist, and I'm not against the market economy, but I couldn’t just turn away and pretend that I wasn’t responsible for this mess. I knew I was, and in fact, we all are. And it was back in Switzerland, a friend came visiting with three pairs of shoes that she had bought but never worn, and she was wondering whether maybe my girlfriend would like to try them on. Around the same time, another friend had just bought the new iPhone twice because he couldn't quite decide yet which screen size he preferred. And yet another friend was trading his car for the third time in three years. Crazy, but I myself, I wasn’t any better; I had just bought the same coat twice, once in olive green and once in a fancy color called “slate gray,” which wasn’t too different from olive green after all. So I couldn’t help but wonder, “Have we gone completely insane and was there a way to stop this madness?” What would happen if I just stopped it? I decided to give it a try. So for the next 12 months, I promised myself I wouldn’t buy anything. But I did allow myself two exceptions: Exception number one - I was still allowed to buy what I needed in order not to die. Rule number one, don't die. Exception number two - what I needed in order not to start stinking. That was rule number two, don’t stink. Or in other words, I was still allowed to buy food, which is rather helpful if you plan to do this for a year, and I was still allowed to buy things like soap, shampoo, toothpaste, etc. All the rest had to stay on the shelves. Now, was it difficult to do that? Was it difficult to do this with just these two exceptions? The surprising answer: “Not at all.” I quickly came up with two strategies that helped me avoid even the most attractive stuff: Strategy number one - instead of seeing offers as invitations, I started treating them as attacks, as personal attacks on me. So instead of saying, “Hey, look at this, this is great, I have to have this,” I tried to reframe the situation and say, “Wait a minute, they’re trying to trick me. They’re trying to sell me something that I don’t really need.” So every offer was, in fact, a trap, and my job was to to say, “No.” To not not fall into these traps: say no, no, no, and no again. That was strategy number one, and to put this strategy to a stress test, I decided to go to Zurich and walk down Bahnhofstrasse; you know, that street - it’s like a miracle mile of consumerism. And so I was walking down Bahnhofstrasse, and the first shop window that caught my attention was a sports gear vendor. They had skis in the window, and I love skiing. I love skiing more than almost everything else. So I saw those skis; they were awesome, but I also realized that they were exactly the same pair of skis that I already had at home, just in a different design. They just put on a different design every year. So I said, “No thanks,” and walked on. Next shop that I can remember was the Diesel store selling jeans. I was quite fond of that brand back then, so I looked at the jeans in the store, and I also began to wonder, “Did Lucky Luke?” - Are you familiar with Lucky Luke? My great childhood hero really is kind of - “Did Lucky Luke really own more than one pair of jeans?” And I don’t think he did. Next stop was the Apple store selling that new iPhone that my friend had bought twice, and about half the people I knew were already on it, on the latest version, and I was wondering whether I should be too. But then I asked myself, “Can this new phone really do anything that my old phone can’t, something that really matters?” and the obvious answer was no, so I said, “No thanks” and walked on Now, with this mindset, dishing out “nos” left and right, every little “no” started feeling like a victory. “You want to sell me this? No, thanks. Yes.” “You want to sell me that? So after a while of practicing, I was walking the streets in constant triumph, which felt good. And also, I realized that I suddenly had quite a bit of money left. Which brings me to strategy number two: When I felt like rewarding myself for my heroic persistence or to be honest, when I couldn’t fight the urge anymore to finally spend some of that money, I spent it on services instead of goods. So instead of buying a new t shirt, I decided to get a new haircut, or instead of buying a CD, which was still a thing back then, I decided to go to a concert. Instead of purchasing whatever happened to be “in,” I started to go out more often. Now, you could say, “OK, but this strategy number two, isn’t that just a cheap trick or a rather expensive trick?” Actually, I wasn’t really spending less; I was just spending it differently. And that’s true. But I can also assure you that this strategy number two, buying services instead of goods, doesn’t just work psychologically because it feels great to support your local services, it also works philosophically because as an economic activity, offering services is much, much more sustainable than the production of superfluous goods. Most services hardly produce any waste. And also, as an economic activity - it’s actually the economy that we all have to support if we want to decouple our growing prosperity, which we all want, from growing resource consumption, which is something that we should avoid. You could say that services are the economy of the future, if we choose to have one. And also, services foster social interaction. It makes a huge difference whether you sit at home and buy a new pair of shoes in front of your computer alone, or whether you go in to your local shoemaker, have your old boots repaired, and maybe have a chat with him or her. And last but not least, services do make us happier than goods. This may sound a little wishy-washy, but it’s actually well-proven scientific fact. The happiness we get from an experience, like a day on a mountain hiking, maybe using the service of a cable car, lasts much, much longer than the kick we get out of a material purchase, like that extra pair of hiking boots that you actually know you don’t really need. So you could say buying goods is like eating sugar, but experiences are much more nourishing for the soul. So after a year of buying nothing or almost nothing, I came to a conclusion that was both simple and surprising: buying less turns out to be a gain for yourself, for the environment, but also and even for the local economy. Now, did I eventually go back to buying stuff again? Yes, I did. It was the lack of socks that forced me to; I simply didn’t have any socks left that didn’t have any holes in them, and the situation started to get uncomfortable. But it also did provoke a new rule that I’ve been following ever since and that I would like to recommend to all of you. It goes like this: Whenever you buy something new, replace something old with it, and important, something old that is either used-up or broken, and if neither of those two things apply, then you don't buy the new thing. That's the rule. Following this new rule, I eventually had to give in and bought new socks, these very nice red ones that I’m still wearing today, which also taught me another lesson, maybe the most important one: Good things can last a very long time. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yung-dolph [3 likes]: This is the episode of Ted-Ed that has most influenced me, I keep coming back to this.
  2. @ДианаАнисимова-е1ф [1 likes]: people are so shocked by him not buying a new phone or new skis, as if they have never heard of what it means to be poor. s
sometimes it is not even a choice
  3. @zexilion [1 likes]: This is the best video I've ever watched! It's like someone put every philosophy I practice into one speech and posted it. Thanks for that.
  4. @ЕкатеринаКазорина-з3э: Лучшее на эту тему!
  5. @KimJongUnnie: Or buy things that you care about and enjoy as long as you’re not going into debt or hurting yourself. It’s ok to not be a minimalist and it’s not morally superior.
  6. @primaprimavera357: Masterpiece
  7. @dbolt007: I have decided to listen to this at the beginning of every year as a reminder.  One of my favorite Ted Talks.
  8. @dieealejandro18: It’s super interesting that in Argentina we live in that way because we don’t have money 😂
  9. @lyssasimpsons: This is amazing, thank you so much
  10. @chanouk3195: I didn't buy something new for a year. You have to think more out of the box. For example I had a cold and need more handkerchiefs, I bought an duvetcover in the secondhand shop and made handkerchiefs. It gave me a good feeling and I still consume little.


Heb ik het nodig  - Do I need it?
Heb ik het al?  - Do I have it already? 
Kan ik het lenen, ruilen of tweedehands kopen?  - Can I borrow it, swap it, of buy secondhand? 
kan ik het zelf maken of repareren?  - Can I repair it, or someone else?
  11. @Acquamarina1010: Tienes razon !! Yo c9mpro muy poco y de buena calidad.Estamis comiendo plastivo
  12. @Mary2020Jane: One of the best written Ted Talks!
  13. @proorganizerbootcamp: Your illustration of the West's waste exported to developing countries like Indonesia, was spot on! Great visual storytelling 👏
  14. @GMan-mp7nm: Socrates is supposed to have said, looking at the things in the marketplace, “How many things I do not need!”.
  15. @Myvirtualbulldog: 6 seconds in video - he definitely looks like he does not buy anything. Just messy and d$rty

Watch at 8x speed to not waste time
  16. @YonHill: Quotes 2025 " it's not how much we earn 
It's How much we spend "
  17. @pals6: Such an inspiration, Niko! Thank you for this experience!
  18. @AlexGostevUA: First strategy is the default strategy for people in Kharkiv. Funny enough. People don’t buy too much stuff even if they have money for it. Being a consumer always felt silly in the city. I keep researching local cultures so it’s the first-hand observation.
  19. @Niaaaa2512: From bali indonesia 🙌🏻
  20. @darrenleejones3516: Things won’t change , however nature will make us change through depopulation, job done

- NOBODY Should Buy These Luxury Status Symbols: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Are you tired of seeing celebrities&nbsp; and influencers flaunting their&nbsp;&nbsp; expensive possessions on social media? &nbsp; Do you ever wonder if they re really worth it? Well, I m here to tell you that they re not. In fact, these five status symbols are simply a&nbsp; waste of money, and I m going to tell you why. Luxury Watches It used to be that a wristwatch was&nbsp;&nbsp; one of the only ways you could tell the time, but&nbsp; now, in the age of smartphones and smartwatches,&nbsp;&nbsp; the function of a luxury watch is nothing&nbsp; more than to just sit there and look pretty. Luxury watches can cost thousands&nbsp; or even millions of dollars,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they don t offer any additional benefits or&nbsp; features that a cheaper watch can t provide. In fact, some luxury watches are so delicate and&nbsp; complicated that they require frequent maintenance&nbsp;&nbsp; and repairs, which adds to the cost. Luxury watches are also very prone&nbsp;&nbsp; to theft, damage, and loss. According to a report by the FBI,&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2023, there were over 10,000 cases of stolen&nbsp; or lost luxury watches in the US alone. Supercars Here's the thing: Pretty much every road has a speed limit. If you're going to be a law abiding citizen,&nbsp;&nbsp; you don't need a car that can accelate&nbsp; to 200mph in a matter of seconds. Supercars are not only expensive to buy,&nbsp; but also to maintain, insure, and fuel. They have high emissions and low mileage,&nbsp; which is bad for the environment. They are also impractical and&nbsp; uncomfortable for everyday use. They have limited space, low ground&nbsp; clearance, and stiff suspension. Supercars are not a convenient or sensible way&nbsp; to get around, but rather a show-off of ego. Designer Clothes Do you think that wearing designer clothes will&nbsp;&nbsp; make you look more fashionable and attractive? Maybe they will, maybe they won't. But to be honest... most people don't even&nbsp; notice or care what brand you re wearing. Designer clothes are often overpriced and&nbsp; overhyped, and chances are that they're&nbsp;&nbsp; less practical and durable than alternatives. Also, the world of fashion changes all the time. The need to constantly keep refreshing&nbsp; your wardrobe is simply not worth it. You're not expressing yourself,&nbsp; you're making a fool of yourself. Luxury Yachts "The two best days in a boat owners life are The day they buy the boat and the day they sell the boat" and that's just boats, we're&nbsp; talking about gigantic yachts! Of course there's the usual insurance, maintenance&nbsp; and docking fees, but unless you can captain that&nbsp;&nbsp; thing you're going to need some staff too! They have high fuel consumption, environmental&nbsp;&nbsp; impact, and tough legal requirements. They're also very difficult to navigate&nbsp;&nbsp; in bad weather or unfamiliar waters. You might as well go find a fire and just&nbsp;&nbsp; start shovelling your money into it. Private Jets It seems like the ultimate status symbol, right? It s actually a huge hassle and a huge risk. Private jets are not only super costly to&nbsp; own, operate, and maintain, but also to fly They are also a lot less safe and secure than&nbsp; commercial flights, as they're far more vulnerable&nbsp;&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @IllustratedFinance [1 likes]: If it's about money, I've probably covered it!
Check out my channel for more finance & economics!

- Status Symbols Are a Trap | Here's Why: Kind: captions Language: en We chase symbols. Not just any symbols, but those meticulously crafted to signify belonging, achievement, and [music] an elusive sense of worth. We are told these objects elevate us, setting us apart from the ordinary. But what if this elevation comes at a hidden cost? What if the very things we believe grant us freedom are in fact binding us? Deep within us lies a primal drive, the need for status. It's a relic from our evolutionary past where social standing dictated survival and access to resources. Today, luxury brands expertly tap into this ancient wiring. They don't sell products, they sell a narrative, a story where their emblem is your badge of honor, a shortcut to perceived success and acceptance. Consider the subtle art of scarcity, the allure of exclusivity. Brands don't just advertise, they curate desire. They create an aspirational gap between who you are and who you could be, bridged only by their latest [music] offering. This isn't about utility. It's about identity. It's about the feeling of being chosen, of possessing something others covet but cannot attain. Many sacrifice genuine financial freedom at the altar of perceived status. They trade long-term security for short-term validation, accumulating debt for fleeting moments [music] of admiration. The pursuit of luxury often becomes a treadmill, demanding constant upgrades to maintain an image. This isn't about wealth. It's about the illusion of it. It's about prioritizing external validation over internal peace and true independence. The cycle is insidious. The more you invest in status symbols, the more you feel compelled to protect that image. This creates a psychological cage where your choices are dictated by external expectations [music] rather than personal aspirations. You become a curator of your own gilded prison, constantly performing for an audience that rarely truly cares. Are you buying status or a cage? Subscribe to Hidden Intel for the real truth.

- Nobody Cares About Your WATCH: The Truth About Status: Kind: captions Language: en Why do you think the man with the Rolex on his wrist looks so nervous? You've seen him before. Maybe at the airport lounge, maybe at a conference, maybe in the lobby of a hotel you can't quite afford. He's checking his phone every 90 seconds. His leg bounces under the table. His eyes scan the room like a prey animal, waiting for something to strike. And on his wrist, catching the light just right, sits $20,000 worth of Swiss precision. But here's what nobody told you. That watch isn't making him feel powerful. It's making him feel trapped. Because somewhere deep in the architecture of his mind, he knows a secret that the entire luxury industry has spent a century trying to bury. Nobody cares. Not really. Not the way he needs them to. And the moment you understand why this is true, the moment you trace this lie back to its origin point in the wreckage of the Great Depression, everything about the world you live in starts to look different. This isn't a story about watches. This is a story about the most successful psychological operation ever run on the human species. And it started with a man who understood that the best way to sell someone a dream is to first convince them they're living in a nightmare. Let's go back. Let's go all the way back to when this whole machine was being built. Picture New York City in 1933. The depression has been grinding for 4 years now. Unemployment sits at 25%. Breadlines stretch around city blocks. Men in suits that used to mean something stand on street corners selling apples for a nickel. The stock market, which had promised to make everyone rich forever, has revealed itself to be exactly what it always was. A casino where the house always wins and the players always forget that the house always wins. But something else is happening in the shadows of this collapse. Something that will reshape how human beings understand their own worth for the next century. There's a man named Edward Bernay sitting in an office in Manhattan. He's Sigman Freud's nephew. He understands something about the human mind that makes him dangerous. He understands that people don't buy products because they need them. They buy products because they believe those products will transform who they are. And in 1933, in the ashes of the economy, he realizes that an entire generation of Americans is desperate for transformation. They've watched their fathers lose everything. They've seen the myth of the self-made man revealed as just that, a myth. And they're scared. Not just scared of poverty, scared of being nobody. Bernay doesn't invent advertising, but he invents something more powerful. He invents the idea that you can engineer desire that you can take a product any product and attach it to a deep human fear or longing and suddenly that product becomes necessary not useful necessary. He does this with cigarettes first. Convinces women that smoking is a form of liberation. Calls them torches of freedom. takes a health hazard and turns it into a political statement. And it works. It works so well that every corporation in America starts calling him and they all want the same thing. They want him to teach them how to make people feel incomplete because an incomplete person is a buying person. An incomplete person will keep reaching for the next thing and the next thing and the next thing trying to fill a hole that was deliberately carved into their psyche. Now, let's jump forward 20 years. It's 1953. The war is over. America won. The economy is booming. The suburbs are spreading across the country like a rash. And something new is happening. Something that would have been unthinkable during the depression. People have disposable income. Not just the rich, regular people, factory workers, salesmen, office clerks. They have money left over after paying for food and rent. And American industry, which spent the war years building tanks and bombers, suddenly has to figure out what to do with all these factories. The answer they come up with will define the next 70 years. They decide to build a culture of consumption to create an entire society based on the idea that buying things is not just pleasant. It's patriotic. It's your duty. It's how you prove you're a good American, a good person, a person who matters. This is where the watch comes in. Not as a tool, not as a way to tell time, but as a symbol, as a tiny machine you strap to your body that announces to the world that you have arrived, that you are successful, that you are worthy of being seen. The Swiss watch makers understand this immediately. They've been making watches for centuries, but now they're making something else. They're making tokens of achievement. They start advertising, not in technical magazines, but in lifestyle publications. In magazines that teach men how to dress, how to talk, how to impress a woman, how to get ahead at the office. The ads don't talk about craftsmanship or accuracy. They talk about success, about respect, about the look in another man's eyes when he notices what you're wearing. And it works because the underlying anxiety is real. The men buying these watches in the 1950s and60s are the sons and grandsons of the men who lost everything in the depression. They grew up watching their fathers scramble, watching them fail, watching them disappear into alcoholism or silence or rage. These men are terrified of ending up the same way. So when a magazine shows them a photograph of a confident man in a sharp suit with an expensive watch, they're not buying the watch. They're buying insurance against becoming their fathers. They're buying proof that they broke the cycle, that they made it out. But here's the trick that makes the whole system work. Here's the evil genius of it. The proof only works if other people see it. if other people validate it. You can't just feel successful in private. You need witnesses. You need the waiter to notice, the colleague to comment, the stranger at the bar to glance down at your wrist and make a calculation about who you are. The entire value of the status symbol depends on a collective agreement that this object means something. And that agreement has to be maintained constantly publicly or the whole thing falls apart. So now we arrive at the present day, at you, at me, at the man in the airport lounge with the Rolex and the bouncing leg. We've inherited this system. We were born into it. We've spent our entire lives breathing air that's been poisoned with the idea that objects can save us. That the right car, the right watch, the right shoes, the right anything will finally make us feel like we're enough. And most of us never question it. We just accept it as reality. We look at someone with an expensive watch and we think consciously or not, that person has made it. That person is winning. We want to be that person. But let me tell you what's actually happening in that person's head. Let me tell you what the research shows, what the psychologists have documented, what everyone in the luxury industry knows but will never admit publicly. The satisfaction is gone in 72 hours, sometimes less. You buy the watch, you feel incredible for about 3 days. You keep looking at it, turning your wrist to catch the light, imagining what people think when they see it. And then something happens. You get used to it. The watch becomes normal, becomes just another object on your body. And worse than that, much worse, you start noticing other watches, more expensive watches, rarer watches, watches that other people have that you don't, and the hunger comes back. The incompleteness returns. You're right back where you started, except now you're $20,000 poorer. This is called hedonic adaptation. It's the psychological principle that we return to a baseline level of happiness regardless of what happens to us. You can win the lottery and within a year you'll be exactly as happy or unhappy as you were before. You can buy the watch you've been dreaming about for 5 years and within a month it's invisible to you. Your brain is designed this way. It's designed to adapt, to normalize, to keep searching for the next thing that might give you an edge, might keep you alive, might make you matter to the tribe. This mechanism was useful when we were living in small groups on the African savannah. It kept us competitive, alert, hungry. But in a consumer economy, it's a trap because the economy needs you to stay hungry forever. It needs you to believe that satisfaction is always just one purchase away. That the next object will be the one that finally works. And the luxury industry knows this. They know it better than you do. They have department full of psychologists and market researchers whose entire job is to figure out how to keep you wanting, how to make sure that even after you buy the thing, you're already looking at the next thing. This is why watch companies release new models every year, limited editions, special collaborations, vintage reissues. It's not because the technology is improving. A mechanical watch from 1960 works exactly as well as a mechanical watch from today. It's because they need to create artificial scarcity, artificial urgency. They need you to believe that if you don't buy this particular model right now, you'll have missed something important, that you'll be left behind while other people move forward. Let me tell you about a study done in 2008. Researchers at Harvard looked at how people experience luxury purchases versus experiences. They found something fascinating. When people bought expensive objects, their happiness spiked immediately but returned to baseline within weeks. But when people spent money on experiences, travel, concerts, time with friends, their happiness increased and stayed elevated for months, sometimes years. Why? Because experiences become part of your identity. They change who you are. They give you stories, memories, perspectives. Objects just sit there. They're external. They can be lost, stolen, scratched, outdated. They don't integrate into the self. They remain separate, alien. No matter how much you paid for them. But here's what the researchers found that's even more disturbing. They discovered that people who base their self-worth on external validation, on the approval and admiration of others are significantly more likely to pursue status symbols. And they're also significantly more likely to report being anxious, depressed, and dissatisfied with their lives because they've built their sense of self on the most unstable foundation possible. Other people's opinions. and other people's opinions change constantly, shift randomly, depend on factors completely outside your control. You can have the perfect watch and walk into a room where everyone is wearing a PC Philippe and suddenly your Rolex looks cheap, looks desperate, and the shame you feel in that moment, that gut level sense of inadequacy, that's not an accident. That's the system working exactly as designed. So, who benefits from this system? Who profits when millions of people spend their lives chasing objects they don't need with money they don't have to impress people they don't like? The answer is obvious. The luxury brands, the financial institutions that loan you the money to buy their products, the marketing agencies that create the images and stories that make you want them in the first place. But there's a deeper answer, a more disturbing answer. The system itself benefits. The economic structure of modern capitalism requires constant growth. It requires that every quarter shows more revenue than the last quarter. More sales, more consumption, more extraction. And the only way to maintain that kind of growth indefinitely is to make sure people never feel satisfied, never feel complete, never feel like they have enough. This is why every advertisement you see is selling the same thing. It's not selling a product. It's selling the idea that you're currently inadequate and this product will fix you. You're not attractive enough, not successful enough, not respected enough, not young enough, not cool enough, not anything enough. But don't worry, we have the solution. Just buy this. Just $39.99. Just three easy payments. Just sign here and you'll be transformed. You'll be new. You'll be worthy. And the tragedy is that it works. Not because the products deliver on the promise. They never do. They can't. But because we want so desperately to believe. We want to believe there's a shortcut, a hack, a way to skip the hard work of actually becoming someone interesting, someone capable, someone at peace with themselves. We want to believe that we can purchase our way into maturity, into confidence. into meaning. And so we keep buying, keep hoping, keep telling ourselves that this time will be different, that this purchase will be the one that finally makes us feel whole. Let me tell you what nobody in the luxury industry will ever tell you. Let me give you the secret they've spent billions of dollars trying to hide. The people who are genuinely successful, genuinely confident, genuinely at peace with themselves, they don't care about your watch. They don't notice it. And if they do notice it, it doesn't change how they see you because they've learned something that most people never learn. They've learned that external validation is a drug that stops working. That the only opinion that matters is your own. and that you can't buy your way into self-respect. You can only earn it through the slow, difficult work of becoming someone you're proud to be. Think about the richest people in the world, the actual billionaires. What do they wear? Mark Zuckerberg wears a gray t-shirt every day. Warren Buffett lives in the same house he bought in 1958. Drives a car that's older than most people reading this. These people could afford to drape themselves in status symbols. They could wear a different watch every day for the rest of their lives. But they don't. Why? Because they've discovered something. They've discovered that once you have real power, real wealth, real security, you don't need to signal it. You don't need to prove anything to anyone. The compulsion to display status only exists when you're insecure about your status. when you're worried that people might not recognize how important you are. When you need constant reassurance that you matter. So, here's the question you need to ask yourself. Who are you performing for? When you buy the expensive watch, when you post the photo, when you angle your wrist just right in the meeting so people can see what you're wearing, who is that for? Is it for you really, or is it for the imagined audience in your head? The people you think are watching, the people you think are judging, the people whose approval you've decided you need in order to feel valuable. And here's the harder question. What are you afraid will happen if you stop performing? If you stop chasing status symbols, if you stop trying to impress people, what do you think you'll lose? Because whatever that fear is, whatever you think you're protecting yourself from by accumulating these objects, that fear is the real prison. Not your bank account, not your current situation. Your fear, your belief that without these external markers of success, you'll disappear. You'll become invisible. You'll be nobody. But let me offer you a different possibility. Let me suggest that the opposite is true. that the moment you stop performing, the moment you stop chasing validation, the moment you let go of the need to signal your worth to strangers, that's when you actually become somebody. That's when you become real. That's when you stop being a character playing a role and start being a person living a life. And the relief you feel when that happens, the lightness, the freedom is worth more than every watch ever made. This doesn't mean you should never buy nice things. This doesn't mean you should live like a monk and reject all material comfort. It means you should understand why you're buying what you're buying. It means you should be honest with yourself about whether you actually want the object or whether you want the feeling you think the object will give you. And it means you should recognize that feelings don't come from objects. They come from inside you, from the stories you tell yourself, from the meaning you create, from the relationships you build, from the work you do that matters to you. The man with the Rolex in the airport lounge is nervous because he knows this deep down in a part of himself he doesn't like to acknowledge. He knows the watch isn't protecting him from anything. He knows that the people around him aren't thinking about him at all. They're thinking about themselves, their own fears, their own inadequacies, their own watches. He spent $20,000 to join a game that nobody's actually playing. And now he's stuck. Because if he admits the watch doesn't matter, he has to admit he wasted the money. He has to admit he was fooled. He has to admit he's been performing for an audience that doesn't exist. So he keeps checking his phone, keeps bouncing his leg, keeps waiting for the validation that will never come. And the watch just sits there on his wrist, ticking, keeping perfect time, completely indifferent to his suffering. Because that's all it ever was. A machine that tells time, everything else, every other meaning, every promise of transformation. That was just a story someone sold him. A story designed to separate him from his money and his peace of mind. A story that continues because we keep believing it. Keep passing it on to the next generation. Keep teaching our children that their worth is measured in objects, in brands, invisible, quantifiable proof that they matter. The truth is simpler and harder than any advertisement will ever tell you. You already matter right now exactly as you are with whatever watch you're wearing or not wearing. With whatever car you drive or don't drive, with whatever job you have or don't have, your worth isn't conditional, isn't earned, isn't proven through accumulation. You matter because you're alive, because you're conscious, because you have the capacity to choose, to create, to connect. And the moment you truly understand this, the moment you feel it in your bones, the entire machinery of status and consumption loses its power over you. The advertisements become funny instead of compelling. The displays of wealth become sad instead of aspirational. And you're finally free to spend your life doing something that actually matters to you instead of chasing symbols that matter to nobody. Nobody cares about your watch. Not really. Not the way you need them to. And the sooner you accept this, the sooner you stop caring about it yourself, the sooner your real life can

  Top Comments:
  1. @tiko2916 [2 likes]: Moral of the video; be frugal asf, and blame it on capitalism., and never ever enjoy your wealth even if you become the richest person on earth! 👍🏻👏🏻👌🏻
  2. @Spanky-xu9di [1 likes]: I can easily afford any watch I want, but I just can't see dropping 10K or more for a nice watch.  I bought a 38mm Longines Conquest about 18 mos ago.  It listed for ~$2000, if I remember correctly, but I was willing to pay it.  The jeweler is a friend of my sister's, so I got it for $1500.  A decent watch, but I have never gotten a single compliment or comment - which is perfectly fine with me.  I bought the watch because I wanted a decent watch, and I liked the Conquest.  I really don't give a shit what anyone else wears, or thinks about my watch. Nobody cares what watch you wear, and most people couldn't tell a Timex from an Omega.
  3. @dinky19810 [1 likes]: A broken watch tells the correct time 2x a day. It shouldn't cost you too much to tell time.
  4. @crisnoble7806 [1 likes]: Shaduuuup and go buy a nice watch. People do actually buy things because THEY like it. Jesus!
  5. @milanjelovac9593 [1 likes]: The same thing with every product Smartphones today especially 
To have new iPhone every year  lol
  6. @koshermukbanger: You are revealing truth about every aspect of society, and sector of civilization!!! Please keep it up.
  7. @koshermukbanger: I don't think there is a single video here that I can or will disagree with. Pure truth...all of them. Pure facts! So logical! I feel like I am finally home....in a place where truth is valued. How are you not cancelled😄!?
  8. @thomasokeefe3081: I wear a $ 10.00 Walmart watch.
  9. @marysprague7729: No such thing as disposable income only missed saving/investing opportunities
  10. @holson2112: The stock market isnt a casino
  11. @Wombat10000-k: The very best thing that any person can do is to buy anything that they want, as long as it makes them happy...We only live a physical life once ...Live and enjoy it on your terms and nobody else's.
  12. @Kidinthailand8: I had a fake Rolex, and no one knew the difference. Enough said
  13. @leonidjoseph5483: Reality and perception of yourself has no connection.
  14. @SHUBINRECORDS: I want the boys magical floating pipe at 10:37 that surely beats any watch 😂
  15. @yellowquantum4240: Sorry I have my Rolex Submariner daily watch since college. I still feel great wearing it. It was in Madrid last year that the owner of Airbnb notice and said you have a Rolex. I have not heard anyone say that in 20 years. 
I don't care what people see, I dress with style for me, chill and confident . I never care what watch the next person has his politics, shoes etc. I do what I want if I desire it. I love watches still do and beautiful ladies as well never goes away. 😮
  16. @jt.8144: and? that really matters to YOU at the end of the day.  Just to validate your small ego.  hence this video.
  17. @garyh.2487: What a stupid video. But good to know that homeless poor people feel great about themselves.
  18. @andriup: This is exactly the video I needed to watch right now!! Thank you!

I literally bought 3 new watches in less than a month (and I already had 9 in my collection)

It's definitely the time to reconsider things!

Thank you!
The video was also very informative in other aspects.

I was a little disappointed when I realized the text was AI generated, but meh, info is info 👌
  19. @Roberts-l7u: It’s more a matter of taking care of yourself.  Carrying about yourself.  That’s what people see, do you take care and love yourself, or have you given up on yourself?
  20. @Roberts-l7u: I buy gold plated Quartz watches, with a brand stamp that looks nice, but nobody knows.  Under $100, but who knows, could be worth thousands. 😂

- The Science of Luxury Beliefs: Status Signals or Academic Myth?: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine a man who upon hearing a political candidate propose a radical new economic policy nods along with vigorous approval. He finds the idea bold, necessary, even uh thrilling. His support isn't based on a complex spreadsheets or historical precedent, but on a feeling, a sense that this policy sounds right, that it aligns with the views of the impressive, well-educated people he admires. To him, supporting it is a mark of sophistication. Now, imagine that same man a week later sitting at his kitchen table. He's just opened a letter explaining how this very policy will directly increase his own family's cost of living. The thrilling abstraction has become a concrete monthly bill. Suddenly, the sophisticated belief feels less like a badge of honor and more like a personal attack. That instantaneous shift from intellectual endorsement to visceral rejection is more than just hypocrisy. It's a clue, a glaring signal about what our most passionately held opinions are often really for. It really is. And what's so fascinating there is how often our deepest convictions are less about, you know, universal truth or policy effectiveness and much more about social currency. It's about that relentless human drive for status. >> Exactly. >> So today, we're taking those modern ideologies, the very content of our minds, from our political stances to our moral outrage, and we're going to analyze them through the lens of economic and biological signaling. >> And the focus of this deep dive is a phenomenon called luxury beliefs. >> That's it. These are ideas and opinions that function exactly like expensive accessories. They confer status, prestige, and maybe a sense of moral superiority on the affluent who hold them. And this is the crucial part. They can do this because for the holder, they have minimal personal cost while at the same time they can inflict very real significant practical consequences on people in lower socioeconomic brackets. >> That asymmetry of cost, that's the core of it all, isn't it? It forces you to look past the stated moral intention of a belief and really examine its actual social function. >> It does. >> So our mission in this deep dive is well to uncover that underlying calculus. Why do certain abstract beliefs make that jump from being just policy proposals to becoming powerful social status symbols? >> And how does that mechanism of asymmetrical cost actually play out not just in theory but in the real world? >> Right? And then and this is the part that I think is critical. We have to see what happens when you take these deeply ingrained social dynamics and you put them into the hyper optimized environment of social media where they get amplified and frankly weaponized. >> A whole new ecosystem for the same old game. >> Exactly. We are peeling back the layers on the oldest game in human history, the status game. It's just that now it's being played with ideas instead of jewels. >> So where do we start? >> Well, to understand the modern game, I think we have to start with the historical baseline which was purely material. We have to go back to what Thorstein Vlin's the theory of the leisure class. >> Vel he gave us the term that everyone knows conspicuous consumption. For centuries signaling your status was brutally simple. You just displayed wealth by consuming things that were obviously expensive, useless, or incredibly difficult to get your hands on. >> It was about converting money into something visible. >> Precisely. The central effort of the elite [snorts] was converting raw economic capital, the money they had, into visible cultural capital, a form of prestige that could be instantly recognized by their peers. And Vin wasn't focused on, you know, buying bread or a roof over your head. He was focused on the consumption of waste. It had to be visible nonproductive waste. >> I think we need some of those classic VBN examples because they really paint a picture of just how deliberate this was. >> Oh, they do. Look at clothing. In the 19th century, the elite would wear these delicate, really restrictive clothes. Think about top hats or tightly corseted gowns, white gloves. These things weren't efficient or comfortable. >> Not at all. >> They were designed specifically because they made any kind of manual labor impossible. So, they visibly advertised to everyone that you did not have to work with your hands. The clothing itself was a physical constraint that signaled your freedom from economic necessity. So the leisure itself was the signal >> and it wasn't just physical objects. It was also what they did with their time. The activities they engaged in. They invested vast amounts of resources, time, money, specialized equipment into activities that were economically useless. Beagling for instance. >> Beagling. I don't even know what that is >> exactly. Or collecting esoteric knowledge or learning the formalized incredibly complex rules of golf. These were resource syncs. The point wasn't necessarily enjoyment. It was the ability to afford to spend your time and money acquiring skills that had zero practical utility for survival. >> Even having servants was part of this. >> Oh, absolutely. Vlain noted that having servants wasn't just about domestic help. It signaled the master's ability to pay for another person's unproductive time. The servant themselves became a living walking form of conspicuous consumption. So the core mechanism whether it's a diamond or a really complicated hobby is demonstrating a surplus showing that you have so much you can afford to just waste it. Yes. >> But this impulse it has to be older than the industrial revolution. It feels so deeply hardwired into us. >> It absolutely is. And this is where we shift from economic history to evolutionary biology because this kind of status display is ancient. The biological mechanism that underpins all of this social behavior is formalized as costly signaling theory or CST. And it comes specifically from the handicap principle >> proposed by the Israeli biologist Amat Zahjavi in the 70s. >> That's the one. And this is so crucial to get your head around. For any signal to be reliable, to be an honest indicator of superior quality, it absolutely must be costly to produce. Because if it's cheap to fake, it's useless. >> It's completely useless. If a low-quality individual, say a weak animal or a poor person, could easily fake the signal, the signal would lose all its credibility in the system. The whole thing would just collapse. >> That's the constraint that keeps the system stable. How do we see that cost playing out in nature? >> Well, the most famous example is the peacock's tail. It's magnificent, but it is a massive drain on resources. Think about the metabolic burden. The sheer number of calories required to grow and maintain those enormous feathers. It makes it harder to fly. It increases the risk of being caught by a predator. >> It's a huge liability. >> It is. But that's the brilliance of the handicap. Only the most robust males, the ones with superior genes for finding food, for resisting disease, for sheer vitality, can survive while carrying that burden. So, the tail becomes an honest advertisement of genetic fitness precisely because it's such an expensive life-threatening cost. The signal proves superior quality through survival despite the handicap. And the African gazelle starting that adds another layer that's even more counterintuitive. This is that dramatic high stiff-legged vertical leap they do when a predator is nearby. Logically, it should be the worst possible move. It wastes time. >> It's the perfect demonstration of the handicap principle in action. Leaping high wastess precious energy and critically delays the actual escape. But that intentional inefficiency is the message. The gazelle is telegraphing an undeniable costly message to the cheetah. It's saying, "Look at me. I'm so fast, so physically fit. I have such a surplus of speed and vitality that I can afford to waste this time and energy in your present and still easily escape." >> So the predator gets the message, go for an easier target. >> Exactly. The high physical cost makes the signal undeniable and honest. It proves the gazelle is a highquality individual, a proven survivor with resources to spare. Okay, so let's bring this biological mechanism back to human economic history. That system of signaling status through expensive stuff system. It eventually hit a wall. That wall was industrial mass production. And this is what you call signal dilution. >> Absolutely. Signal dilution is the force that forced the pivot from material goods to abstract beliefs. Once the signal becomes affordable, its status value just collapses. Think about the history of say sugar or spices. >> Right? In the Middle Ages, spices were an incredible status marker. Only the super wealthy could afford them. >> They were a fantastic, difficult to fake signal. >> But then improved global trade, colonization, and later mass production, it made these previously exotic things cheap and widespread. >> And their power as an exclusive status marker just vanished >> instantly. It just [clears throat] eroded the status conscious elite had to move on. We even saw this with social rituals. Dueling for instance in the United States. It was originally a highly exclusive aristocratic ritual. >> But then it was adopted by the lower classes >> right in the early 19th century. And as soon as that happened, the upper classes immediately abandoned it. Once the signal could be reproduced by the masses, its prestige just evaporated. Status is a zero sum game. That yearning for distinction is relentless. >> So this is the crux of it. As material goods became accessible either through mass production or through credit, their reliability as exclusive status markers disappeared. And the affluent elite, who ironically research suggests, often desire status and wealth more intensely than lowerass individuals. They were left scrambling. They needed a new non-material currency. >> They needed a currency that was intrinsically difficult to acquire, or at least difficult to acquire without already possessing wealth and education. They needed a signal that broadcasted not just their economic wealth, but their cognitive and moral sophistication. Something that demonstrated their uh distance from necessity. >> And that led them straight to abstract ideas, beliefs. Beliefs that are cheap for the elite to hold, but which carry profound risks for everyone else, >> which brings us to a more formal definition of the luxury belief. It is at its core a belief set or a moral stance that functions as a non-essential expensive accessory. It confers prestige upon the holder by signaling that they're a member of a superior enlightened class. It's a clear acquisition of cultural capital, a concept defined by the sociologist Pierre Bordeaux. >> And the defining feature, the most critical feature is that the cost is asymmetrical. For the wealthy, educated elite, adopting these beliefs is often low cost or even functionally beneficial. It's a badge of moral sophistication that costs them nothing tangible. But for the working class or the disadvantaged, these same abstract ideas can be profoundly destabilizing. It can be economically damaging or even physically dangerous. >> Let's really drill down into these real world examples because this is where the asymmetry becomes so clear. >> We can start with one of the most visible examples from recent years, the movement to defund the police and redirect those resources toward community services. This became a high status signal almost overnight >> and the data supports this. Studies including Yuggov data showed that individuals in the highest income categories, people earning well over $100,000 a year, were among the most consistent and passionate supporters of this idea. >> And if you ask why the cost is minimal for them, well, it's because they are structurally buffered from the consequences. They live in low crime, often gated, securely managed residential areas where crime rates are negligible. If there's a problem, they have other options. >> Exactly. If there's a serious problem, they can afford private security or they can use high-cost emergency services. For them, the consequence of reduced local policing is abstract. It's academic. It's a philosophical stance. >> But if we look at the consequences for the disadvantaged, the reality is completely flipped. And we need to underscore the data here. The poorest Americans are massively more likely to be victims of violent crime. >> The numbers are stark. US Census Bureau data shows they are seven times more likely to be victims of robbery and aggravated assault. In some metrics, up to 20 times more likely to be victims of sexual assault compared to those earning over 75,000 a year. >> So for these vulnerable communities, the police, however imperfect they might be, represent a primary subsidized mechanism of physical safety. >> Taking that resource away is not a philosophical debate for them. It's an immediate physical risk. So the affluent person is signaling a kind of security surplus. They are so safe that they can afford to champion an idea that would be physically dangerous for the vulnerable to actually live by. The belief itself is a visible demonstration of their insulation from the messy necessities of life. >> That asymmetrical cost that is the real gut punch of this entire framework. It forces you to reconsider the moral function of these abstract debates. Let's move to a second more psychological example. The concept of downplaying individual agency. >> Right? This is the notion that success in life is primarily due to external forces, luck or systemic connections rather than personal effort and hard work. >> A belief that's highly correlated with the elite. >> Of course, because they already benefit from massive social, economic, and inherited capital. For them, it's a lowcost, almost humble, philosophical stance that costs them nothing. They can publicly signal their awareness of systemic issues without actually jeopardizing their own success which is already secure. >> But the consequences for the lower class are profound. You mentioned the work of Albert Bandura, the late Stanford psychologist on self-efficacy. We should elaborate on that. >> Bandur's work is absolutely critical here. Self-efficacy is, you know, essentially an individual's belief in their own capacity to execute the behaviors needed to achieve certain goals. a belief in hard work in an internal locus of control. This has been shown again and again to have powerful positive effects on life outcomes, better academic performance, better health choices, better economic mobility. >> And that belief is especially critical for people from poorer backgrounds. >> It is for people who often face structural disadvantages. They have to rely almost entirely on internal motivation and resilience to strive for improvement. So an affluent, highly educated person endorsing the belief that success is just luck. It has no real effect on their life, they already have the security and the structures for success. But for a student in a disadvantaged neighborhood, internalizing that same message that their effort is meaningless can severely damage the very self-efficacy they need to climb out of poverty. >> It's a classic luxury belief. The affluent are broadcasting this idea about systemic determinism. While often, you know, in private, they're telling their own children about the critical importance of dedication, studying hard, and networking. The belief serves them socially, but it can hurt those it claims to champion. >> And the third example, one that directly impacts meritocracy, is the movement to eliminate standardized testing, like the SAT, as a requirement for college admission. The stated goal is always equity. But the consequence when you view it through the lens of signaling is that it often removes a crucial tool for meritocratic advancement. >> Because the wealthy already have other advantages, >> immense non-quantifiable advantages. They have legacy admissions, expensive and tailored extracurriculars, robust informal networks that have been cultivated over generations. They can also hire private counselors who know exactly how to navigate the increasingly subjective application process. So removing the SAT, which is a single standardized quantifiable measure, it takes away one of the few tools that a disadvantaged student from a poorly resourced school has to signal their raw, latent academic potential to a distant elite university admissions office. >> Exactly. It replaces a standardized costcontrolled meritocratic signal with a reliance on subjective criteria. things like essays, recommendations, interviews, these so-called holistic assessments >> which inherently favor applicants with access to cultural and social capital. >> Right? The luxury belief proponents are effectively ensuring that admission relies more heavily on the very cultural capital they already possess in abundance. >> So the payoff at its deepest level is purely social and self-reinforcing. It's about demonstrating a specific pedigree, the articulation of a peculiar vocabulary, the use of academic jargon like cultural appropriation or heteronormative or championing these socially disruptive ideas. >> A lot of the time it's just to signal a high educational pedigree. It's a way of saying I was educated at a top university where this niche language is the lingua or and this is critical it demonstrates the sheer amount of time that was required to acquire and maintain these esoteric ideas. This goes right back to Bordeaux who said that the best measure of cultural capital is undoubtedly the amount of time devoted to acquiring it. and working-class people who are struggling with practical immediate concerns like housing and bills and just survival. They simply don't have the luxury of time necessary to master this peculiar vocabulary or to keep up with rapidly changing academic consensus. >> So the belief acts as a deliberately high friction hard to fake signal of social class and education. >> This framework is incredibly compelling but the real power as a deep dive is when we subject the theory to some empirical testing. We often assume these beliefs successfully signal high status in the broader world because we see them amplified in elite media and institutions. But what happens when academics actually test this assumption with data? And that's where we get to the surprising findings from Margaret Sami's research in 2024. This work looked beyond the media narrative and directly tested the association between luxury beliefs and socioeconomic status in a general largescale sample. And this research introduces a critical plot twist. If luxury beliefs really operate as high status signals, the hypothesis from the signaling game model is twofold. First, high status people should hold them. Second, the general population should recognize them as signals of high status. >> So, study one tested that first part. Do the holders of these beliefs actually have high status measured by income and education? What was the expectation going in? The expectation based on media representation and the theory of elite cultural capital was a strong positive correlation. More education and higher income should equal more agreement with luxury beliefs. And the data showed that as expected these beliefs were strongly correlated with holding left-wing political views. No surprise there. But when they correlated them with actual socioeconomic status, income, and education, the relationship was far far weaker than anticipated. The stereotype didn't hold up. >> Not against the general population data. No. When looking at a general diverse population sample, luxury beliefs showed no strong positive correlation with higher education or income when they were analyzed in aggregate. >> That's a massive finding. >> It is. In fact, the correlation with income was consistently negative across the pool data. The highest income earners in the sample, those making $125,000 a year or more, were consistently less likely to agree with the luxury belief statements, especially those related to drug policy liberalization, the idea of gender is purely a social construct, and the necessity of attending college. >> So, the idea that the wealthy high earning elite are driving this ideology, it seems to be empirically limited to a specific niche, not the broad population of high earners. If it's signaling, it's not signaling wealth in general. >> Exactly. The signal is noisy outside of very specific circles. The association between agreement and higher education only really held up for very specific current academic jargon. Things like statements about white privilege and critical race theory. >> But even [clears throat] those positive correlations vanished when all the statements were analyzed together with robust controls for factors like political ideology. So what this confirms is that the belief complex as a whole hasn't solidified itself as an exclusive recognized marker of established wealth across the general high income bracket. >> Not yet anyway. >> So the research then moved to the second critical test in that first study, external perception. If the beliefs aren't reliably held by the high status cohort, how do outside observers decode the signal? When an observer sees someone championing a luxury belief, what status do they attribute to them? >> And this provides the key to understanding the noise. The observers generally did not associate luxury belief holders with established high status. They didn't assume the holder had a college degree or earned a high income. Instead, they overwhelmingly perceive the holders as currently attending college. It's a very specific status marker. >> That distinction is fascinating. So, the signal isn't I am a successful, powerful elite. It's I am currently acquiring cultural capital in an elite institution. It's a temporary transitional status associated with the highly sensitive environment of academia. >> And this perception has a logical downstream effect because the observers saw the belief holders as students. They simultaneously predicted that the individual would be in the lowest income bracket earning less than $50,000 a year. >> So in the general public's mind, these beliefs signal an aspirational status tied to acquiring cultural capital but not yet possessing economic capital. >> That's right. the signal is recognized as academic jargon, not professional success. >> And that finding that the belief holder is perceived as both highly educated or at least in the process of being so and also low earning, it sets up a perfect test for the motive itself. In study 2, if these beliefs are being used primarily for social status signaling, participants should be more likely to state them when their response is visible to an audience to maximize that social image gain versus when it's kept private. And study two involved precisely that signaling test. They manipulated the visibility of the responses. If the costly signaling framework held true in this generalized setting, the public group should have agreed more strongly with the luxury belief statements than the private group did. >> And the result was null. >> The result was null. There was no statistical evidence that participants signal status through luxury beliefs when their responses were shown to an audience versus kept private. So that motive to signal was weak or maybe even non-existent in this close to anonymous general population setup. And this finding remained robust even when they controlled for all sorts of demographic variables. >> So what does this failure to find an active signaling motive in the general population imply about how these ideas are spreading? Well, it confirms that these ideas have not yet spread outside the specific highly validated social networks, the particular university campuses, activist groups or professional intellectual circles where a specific small audience validates them as high status signals. For the broader public, the signal is just too noisy or the payoff for adopting these beliefs as a social signal is currently insufficient to motivate dishonest signaling. So any agreement detected in the study appears to stem from genuine personal conviction or maybe peer pressure within very tight-knit circles, but not a strategic conscious move for status accumulation in the anonymous world. >> That's right. The study doesn't debunk the concept of luxury beliefs. It just clarifies the scope of the signal. >> It's a highly specialized language used to signal status within a very specific high cultural capital tribe. And that signal hasn't been widely adopted or recognized by the general population as a high status marker. >> It's a highly localized dialect of status. But that highly localized dialect is about to hit a massive accelerator when it enters the digital realm. >> Right? The underlying human motive for status is constant. We've moved from ptox to top hats to abstract philosophical beliefs. But social media takes that fundamental ancient need for status and just optimizes the reward system. It replaces the organic slow feedback loop of a village or a university with manufactured hypereefficient incentives. >> This is where we need to apply costly signaling theory not to the beliefs but to the infrastructure itself. Platforms introduce powerful explicit rewards, likes, retweets, follower counts through what's formerly called gamification. And these are non-epistic incentives. They have nothing to do with the truthfulness or the reliability of the information being shared. That's the core mechanism that just warps the entire goal of conversation. Instead of the goal being communication or truth, you know, epistemic goals, the system incentivizes users to chase quantifiable metrics. This fundamentally alters the payoff structure. It reduces the cost of sharing false or inflammatory content because the potential status reward often overwhelms any reputational costs associated with being wrong. And the architecture is intentionally uh behaviorally engineered. These platforms aren't designed for rational agents. They are designed based on the psychological knowledge that users are emotional, reactive, and driven by cognitive shortcuts. They leverage our biases for maximum engagement. >> Let's look at how that engineering plays out. For example, the use of variable rewards. >> This is straight out of BF Skinner's work on intermittent reinforcement. It mimics the mechanism of a slot machine platforms like Instagram and Twitter. They vary the timing, the source, and the intensity of likes, comments, or followers. >> So, you don't know when the reward is coming. >> You don't. You might get three likes instantly or 50 likes 6 hours later. This unpredictability heightens the dopamine response and creates an addictive loop. You are trained to constantly check back, chasing that high status signal. >> They also engineer urgency using loss aversion, capitalizing on our tendency to fear losing something more than we value gaining something equivalent. Exactly. Features like disappearing content or those social media streaks, they create urgency. You have to view it before it's gone or you trigger emotional dissonance if the engagement pattern is broken. It creates a reliance on the platform to maintain your social connections which makes disengaging feel costly. >> Then there's choice architecture which is designed to minimize cognitive load and maximize effortless consumption. Like how YouTube autoplay defaults to playing the next video or how Facebook prioritizes comments based on most relevant. Yeah, autoplay removes the friction of having to choose the next video, which makes consumption effortless and often leads users down these algorithmic rabbit holes. Sorting comments by most relevant subtly guides users to align with the platforms or the algorithm's preferred bias, reducing the likelihood they'll seek out diverse or critical viewpoints, which would involve more cognitive effort. >> And this architecture doesn't just manage behavior. It specifically makes misinformation and subsequently the spread of luxury beliefs cheaper and easier to propagate. The key new tool for this cheap signaling is the act of reposting, sharing, retweeting, forwarding. Reposting is the quintessential cheap signal. It requires virtually zero cognitive production effort. It's instantaneous. You get the benefit of broadcasting an idea, claiming the status or moral sophistication that comes with it without incurring any of the material or cognitive production effort required to actually articulate the idea yourself. >> It violates a fundamental tenant of costly signaling theory. >> It does. If the cost of producing the signal is negligible, the system becomes unstable. And this negligible cost leads directly to a massive reduction in reputational risk through plausible deniability. A repost is inherently ambiguous. >> And that ambiguity is the magic ingredient. Does the user fully endorse the content? Are they just sharing it as a point of interest or for discussion? Because that intention is unclear, the ambiguity dramatically reduces the reputational risks. The sender always retains the option to immediately disown authorship and responsibility if the content turns out to be false or problematic or if the social consensus shifts against it. >> So the platform provides a built-in mechanism for insincere signaling. When a politician or a public figure is confronted about sharing a conspiracy theory or a false claim, the defense is almost always to minimize their accountability. I only retweeted it. It wasn't my original thought. >> Exactly. The ability to consistently, if insincerely, deny the problematic interpretation makes reposting a highly convenient vehicle for lowcost risky communication. While these cheaper signals are generally less persuasive than a confident direct assertion, the minimal reputational cost coupled with the immense digital reach makes it the dominant form of status interaction online. And this is why we're starting to see platform design interventions trying to combat these behavioral shortcuts by increasing the cost of signaling. Things like making quote tweets the default for sharing or prompting users to read a link before they share it. >> Those are explicit counter nudges. They're aimed at reintroducing friction into the system. From a CST perspective, they're trying to artificially increase the production cost of the signal. They force a momentary pause, engaging the more reflective system of human thought and reminding the user of the reputational stakes involved before an instantaneous emotionally driven repost occurs. But even beyond the manipulation of friction, the core problem of the digital environment is that it fundamentally degrades the monitoring that's necessary for costly signaling to maintain honest communication. If violations of truthfulness aren't easily detected and sanctioned, the entire reputational infrastructure just collapses because deception becomes cheap. >> And the single biggest factor hindering that detection is the sheer magnitude of information, what we call information overload. The numbers are just staggering. The volume of data circulating globally is now estimated to be around 120 zetytes annually. And that number is escalating rapidly. Our cognitive resources, however, are finite. As the magnitude of information increases, our ability to effectively process it and critically assess its reliability diminishes sharply. >> We get cognitively fatigued. Our epistemic vigilance, that active mental defense system we have to guard against deception. It just gets overloaded. >> It's completely overwhelmed. We can't effectively monitor every source, fcheck every claim, or verify every piece of content. So this means we often resort to cognitive huristics relying on shortcuts like who shared this or how emotionally resonant is this. The practical consequence for the person spreading misinformation is a direct reduction in cost. The cost associated with sharing falsehoods decrease dramatically because the chance of detection and therefore social sanction is significantly lower. >> And platforms multiply this challenge through source opacity. In traditional physical communication, your reputation is built on an identity and a track record that's intrinsically tied to your physical self. >> But online, anonymity and pseudonymity are the norm. Users can hide behind a nickname, insulating reputational costs within that specific conversational domain, the platform itself. If they lose credibility on one identity, they could easily just shed that identity and reappear under a new one, reducing the epistemic cost of their failures. And while some synonymous accounts do develop strong internal track records within a specific community, like in cyber security or decentralized finance, the vast majority of users can just easily shed their reputation. >> And the ultimate opaque source is, of course, the bot. >> Bots masquerade as human communicators. They operate completely outside the reputational infrastructure of costly signaling theory because they can't be held accountable for their behavior in the same way a human can. This means effective source monitoring is a constantly difficult exhausting task for the human user. >> So the combined effect of lowcost signaling, amplified rewards and degraded monitoring creates an environment where extreme beliefs, the true luxury beliefs of the digital age, can thrive and act as the ultimate status signals. We're moving into a space where the most exclusive status is achieved through a cognitive commitment to radical highresolution ideologies. So let's look at the three stories that define this frontier where the handicap principle finds its modern application in the new sphere, the realm of digital consciousness. >> The first example speaks to the ultimate separation from the physical necessities of life. You could call it the high priest of the simulation. >> We see this when elite technologists, venture capitalists, and intellectual influencers endorse highly radical beliefs that defy physical reality. The classic example is the argument that the physical human body is nothing more than legacy hardware that should be discarded or transcended. >> Right? Or that moral evolution requires us to decouple from biological suffering and embrace a purely digital simulated existence. This is the luxury belief signaling ultimate cognitive sovereignty. It's a signal that says I am so successful, so wealthy, so powerful that I am no longer constrained by the physical limitations of the average human. This belief system is functionally impossible for the vast majority of the population who are inescapably bound by the necessities of the physical world, sickness, labor, their environment. So the belief serves to establish a new highly exclusive tribal boundary. It's a mechanism for social speciation. It establishes an inroup of those who can afford to view reality as optional or temporary. >> The second story focuses on technical prowess being used as a signal of high quality. It's a deliberate choice of inefficiency as a status marker. Let's call this one the cipher in the coffee shop. >> This describes the digital native who adopts extreme technological virtues specifically because of their cost and difficulty. We're talking about individuals who choose to carry no smartphone, who rely entirely on self-compiled open- source operating systems, >> people who participate exclusively in decentralized finance protocols that require an immense cognitive load and time investment or who practice extreme data privacy routines that are functionally difficult and frustrating. >> And this voluntary inefficiency is the modern handicap signal. The individual is saying, "I am deliberately choosing a path of high complexity and time cost." This demonstrates an excess of technical skill, patience, and time resources. The average algorithmically driven consumer just does not possess. They're proving that they are not a slave to the algorithm and are a highquality node in the network. That cumbersome, complex tech stack is the new iridescent peacock tail that confers prestige in a community obsessed with digital autonomy and selfmastery. >> And the third story demonstrates how extreme moral signaling is directly engineered by the platform for maximum engagement. the viral martyr of Twitter. This is pure algorithmic social engineering. >> This is the perfect illustration of how the platform weaponizes status. It describes the social strategist who quickly adopts the language of extreme moral purity and outrage using complex academic jargon to launch a massive, highly visible crusade over a minor slip up or perceived offense. >> And the algorithm, which is optimized for dopamine loops and high engagement, rewards this. What drives engagement more efficiently than moral outrage and high stakes conflict? >> Exactly. Adopting an extreme moral position is rewarded immediately and massively with attention, likes, and followers. All forms of digital prestige. This acrru social capital at a relatively low cost to the strategist who only needs to be the first, the loudest, and the most articulate in their outrage. So the platform inadvertently selects for and rewards individuals who utilize virtue signaling as the most effective survival strategy for social status, ultimately shaping the mimemetic complexes that govern online discourse and in a way manipulate our collective consciousness. It's redefining humanity's operating system in real time. So, we've traced this continuous line from the physical burden of the peacock's tail through Velin's top hats to the intellectual commitment required for a luxury belief and finally to the strategic display of extreme ideology in the new sphere. The evidence consistently suggests that status, the demonstration of an affordance surplus, drives the adoption of our beliefs, even if, as the research showed, those beliefs haven't achieved widespread status recognition in the general population just yet. And that realization is the key takeaway for you, the listener. It's the necessity of recognizing the unconscious calculus of social competition that underlies even our most passionately held sincerely articulated opinions. We have to perpetually ask what is the cost of this belief and for whom? >> Because status signals have to be costly to be effective. And as material goods became affordable, cultural capital and specifically beliefs that demonstrate distance from necessity and freedom from practical consequence took their place. The whole system is built on demonstrating a surplus you can afford to waste. Whether that surplus is time, money, or the ability to be wrong without suffering the consequences. The price of admission to the most exclusive modern tribes is determined not by what you own, but by the ideas you can afford to hold without suffering the consequences that everyone else must bear.

- Can Cheap Watches Become the New Status Symbol?: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine a billionaire who can afford any watch ever made, yet chooses a basic, affordable time piece that most people wouldn't even look twice at. And yet, that single decision speaks louder than any luxury brand ever [music] could. So, stick around with us because in this video, we'll discuss what the Gates effect is, and can modest watches become the new status symbol? Sometimes the biggest cultural revolutions don't start with protests or speeches, but with quiet personal choices. First of all, the Gates effect is not a trend, a slogan, or a marketing invention. It's a cultural shift unfolding quietly in real time, shaped by one of the most influential individuals of the modern age, Bill Gates. For generations, society believed success had to be visible. Wealth had to shine. Power had to be worn. From gold Rolex day dates on Wall Street to diamondstudded watches in Hollywood, luxury time pieces became shorthand for achievement and authority. A watch wasn't just an accessory. It was a statement of dominance. But Bill Gates disrupted that logic without ever making a speech or launching a movement. He simply showed up again and again wearing simple functional watches, often Casio models worth less than a dinner at a high-end restaurant. While others around him flaunted six figure time pieces, Gates quietly wore something built for reliability, not admiration. Over time, this contradiction became impossible to ignore. It was a man worth tens of billions, shaping the future of technology and global health, choosing function over flash. That single choice began to reshape cultural perceptions of wealth. The Gates effect was born the moment people realized that real success doesn't need to announce itself and that maybe the loudest symbols of wealth were no longer impressive at all. To understand why this shift carried so much weight, we have to look at who Bill Gates really is and why his decisions matter. When someone who helped shape the modern world ignores luxury, it forces the world to pay attention. Bill Gates is not merely rich. He's historically significant. He helped build the personal computer revolution, redefined global philanthropy through the Gates Foundation, and continues to influence public health, education, and climate policy. When someone of that magnitude consistently wears a modest watch, the message carries enormous weight. Gates has been photographed at international summits, charity events, and highle [music] meetings wearing watches that cost less than a luxury dinner, often a Casio Duro or similar quartz model. Meanwhile, those around him wear Rolexes, Protect Phips, or Rishard Meals worth more than luxury cars. The contrast is striking. Gates's choice dismantles the assumption that wealth must be displayed to be real. Instead of singling power through price or exclusivity, he singles it through indifference. That indifference becomes a form of authority. It says he doesn't need to impress, doesn't need validation, and doesn't need to perform successfully for anyone. In a world obsessed with image, that quiet confidence becomes the most powerful statement of all. Gates didn't just challenge luxury. He shaped a broader transformation already underway in how power is expressed. For most of history, wealth screamed for attention. But modern power has learned how to whisper. For decades, wealth followed a simple rule. The louder the better. Big watches, bold designs, heavy gold cases, and instantly recognizable brands were tools of social dominance. They told the world who'd arrived and who had not. But the modern world has rewritten those rules. Today's most influential people often operate behind the scenes, coding software, running hedge funds, building startups, or managing global systems. Their power is invisible, and so is their style. Tech founders like Mark Zuckerberg, venture capitalists in Silicon Valley, and even political leaders increasingly choose understated clothing and modest accessories. Jeff Bezos has been seen wearing simple watches. Elon Musk has worn everything from basic tags to no watch at all. In this new environment, loud luxury feels outdated, even insecure. Silent power has replaced visible dominance. The gates effect thrives in this world where restraint signals control and simplicity suggests intelligence. [music] A modest watch becomes a declaration of confidence, not a lack of ambition. As silent power replaced flashy dominance, people began interpreting modest choices in a completely new way. Here's where psychology flips the script on everything we thought we knew about status. A fascinating psychological shift has taken place. When someone wears an expensive watch, observers often assume they want attention. But when someone successful wears a simple watch, curiosity replaces judgment. [music] People begin to ask different questions. Why so minimal? Why so practical? What does this person know that others don't? This effect can be seen in figures like Warren Buffett, who famously wore the same Rolex for decades, or Barack Obama, who often wore affordable watches like the York Grey 6500 during his presidency. These choices weren't about money. They were about mindset. The modest watch became a symbol of focus, discipline, and clarity. It suggested that the wearer valued time itself more than how time was displayed. In professional circles, this subtle signal carries immense weight. It communicates seriousness, self-control, and intellectual confidence. The Gates effect transformed modesty from a weakness into a form of power. And if you think this is just about watches, you're missing the bigger picture. Stick with us because the next part explains why modest choices now single more power than money ever did. And don't forget to like this video and subscribe to our channel for more amazing content on your watch list. This psychological shift didn't stay personal. It began reshaping entire industries and cultural trends. As society grew louder and more performative, luxury quietly moved in the opposite direction. As culture evolves, so do its symbols. Social media once glorified extravagant lifestyles, supercars, private jets, and diamond encrusted everything. But over time, audiences grew tired of the performance. Quiet luxury, subtle, refined, and deeply intentional began to take its place. This shift can be seen across fashion, architecture, and design in watches. It appears in the growing respect for brands like Nomos, Grand Seiko, and minimalist independents that focus on craftsmanship rather than hype. Even traditional luxury giants have adapted, toning down logos and emphasizing heritage instead of price. The Gates effect aligns perfectly with this movement. Modest watches don't demand attention. They don't beg for admiration. They simply exist to do their job well. And in a world oversaturated with noise, that restraint feels refreshing and increasingly luxurious. Nowhere is this evolution more visible than in the values of younger generations redefining success. To younger generations, flashy wealth doesn't look successful. It looks strange. Millennials and Gen Z came of age during financial instability, social media illusions, and influencer culture collapses. They watch people fake wealth, rent lifestyles, and eventually burn out. As a result, they developed a deep skepticism toward flashy success. For them, luxury isn't about cost. It's about intention. A modest watch represents independence from marketing pressure and freedom from comparison. It reflects a mindset that values experience over ownership and meaning over materialism. This is why smart watches dominate global sales, why vintage Casios are trending, and why minimal design continues to outperform excess. The Gates effect resonates because it aligns with how younger generations define [music] success, not by what you show, but by how you live. As consumer values change, even the most established luxury brands are being pushed to respond. [snorts] When consumer values shift, even centuries old luxury empires are forced to evolve or fall behind. The traditional watch industry feels the shift. Brands built on exclusivity and opulence now face consumers who care more about story, craftsmanship, and values than price tags. As a result, the industry is evolving. Designs are becoming cleaner. Marketing focuses on heritage, engineering, and authenticity rather than status. Even ultra luxury brands are reframing their narratives to emphasize timelessness over wealth. The Gates effect hasn't killed luxury. It's refined it. The brands that survive will be those that understand subtlety, restraint, and emotional connection rather than excess and display. There [music] is a powerful psychological principle at work here. When wealth is displayed openly, it invites comparison and judgment. But when it's concealed, it creates intrigue. The absence of display forces others to rethink their assumptions. This shift gives control to the wearer. They're no longer defined by what they own, but by how they carry themselves. The Gates effect taps directly into this psychology. It transforms simplicity into authority and restraint into dominance. In an age of constant noise, silence becomes a form of strength and modesty becomes a signal of confidence. So the real question isn't if modest watches single status, but whether they already define it. All signs suggest they already have. In boardrooms, tech campuses, startup hubs, and creative industries, modest watches are increasingly common, not because people lack money, but because they no longer need to prove they have it. Status today is measured by freedom, impact, and autonomy. Time has become more valuable than gold. Focus is more valuable than flash. The modest watch symbolizes this shift perfectly. It represents clarity, confidence, and control. It tells the world quietly but firmly, "I know who I am, and I don't need to show you." And if this shift is already happening, its long-term impact may be far greater than fashion alone. [snorts] The Gates effect is not about imitation. It's about understanding a deeper philosophy. It represents a new definition of success, one rooted in purpose rather than performance. A world where luxury is quiet, confidence is internal, and value comes from impact, not appearance. As society continues to evolve, this mindset will only grow stronger. The world is learning that true power doesn't sparkle, doesn't shout, and doesn't seek approval. It simply exists. And in that quiet confidence, the modest watch has secured its place as the ultimate symbol of modern success. And that's it. True status today isn't loud and doesn't beg for attention. The Gates effect reminds us that power has evolved from being seen to being understood. So the next time you check the time, ask yourself this. Are you wearing a symbol for others or a tool for yourself? If this perspective changed the way you think about watches, success or status, let us know in the comments down below. And if this Gates effect changed your narrative, then stay with us because our next video is about a famous Hollywood star, Mark Wahberg. Trust me, you don't want to miss this

  Top Comments:
  1. @adedotunadagbada16 [4 likes]: PR. I’m a simple and down to earth man just like you. You can trust me. All of this is carefully molded public image.
  2. @HotBabyEarl [3 likes]: I think modest time pieces are good for a more toned down dressed up look 
And other watches you wear for more casual or sporty day to day wear
  3. @burningmanmike [2 likes]: There's a big difference between cheap watches and affordable watches. If you know, you know.
  4. @tachillecremonini387 [2 likes]: Casio duro 💪
  5. @LadyLuxe_Premium [1 likes]: Do you think modest watches really signal more power today than luxury ones? Curious to hear your take, we read and reply to every comment.
  6. @anthonyw7237 [1 likes]: I prefer Longines, Frederique Constant, and King Seiko. I do own Patek Phillipe and Girard Perregaux. I don't need to wear status. My grandfather would always say " If you can drive, wear or count it , you don't have enough." He was correct.
  7. @jimpinetree2531 [1 likes]: Gates probably wears cheap watches for plausible deniability…
  8. @silviaferreira3425 [1 likes]: The  message  , be poor and  wear cheaps  watches  , but very important,  keep poors.
  9. @jerseyneil1 [1 likes]: A guy like Warren Buffet or Bill Gates don't need to impress anyone. Their name alone is impressive enough. It's the insecure people that need to always impress others.
  10. @jt.8144 [1 likes]: THERE'S A REAL LIFE LESSON TO THIS
  11. @bernardprice [1 likes]: Great news. I wear an expensive watch, so yet another thing I don't have in common with Gates.
  12. @odayprogrammer [1 likes]: yea what if sand becomes the new gold?!
  13. @WATCHMEGOBROKE [1 likes]: New Subscriber Here 💯
  14. @realzubidoo [1 likes]: That's because millionaires were Rolex and billionaires wear Casio
  15. @eskorokotoy8921 [1 likes]: This video tells more about Gates than the watch he's wearing....this is kinda gatesbromance...
  16. @supergustavus1503: So does this whitewash his connections to trumpstein, even his wife left him. Wearing a cheap watch doesn’t negate you being a wrong un.
  17. @AnnaCormier-m1b: The best part about :yt: amzswis :yt:  is they cover you with warranty and free shipping worldwide.
  18. @dontmisslegday: I can afford anything so I'll mock the poor thats a good laugh😂 family's using food banks to make ends meet dick head then wants to then take the piss

- The key points of 'Start with NO' by Jim Camp: Kind: captions Language: en Starting with No, by Jim Camp, outlines strategies for negotiating terms of deals and getting what you want. As the title suggests, the best way to start any negotiation is by clearly saying you do not accept things as they are. This video will outline the key points in a few minutes. Negotiation is forming any agreement between two people or parties. From business, to personal, to romantic, negotiations can be about anything. At any time they all have the right to say no. Always keep this in mind and use to assure yourself that ultimately you don't have to give up anything if you don't like what you are getting in exchange. Don't start any negotiation by too clearly indicating what you want or appearing too needy. In any information exchange or transaction it is better to hold your cards close to your chest. Even if your negotiation partner appears harmless, if they are more careful than you they have an advantage, don't talk too much and let things slip, better to say nothing and not give away any idea of your priorities. Saying maybe doesn't help either, it jut makes things unclear and doesn't give you any clear lines between 'yes' and 'no'. If our opposite starts with a yes it may just be an attempt to end things quickly. This can trigger a fear of rejection and desire to be positive. Also, talking too much about other things while negotiating can cause feelings of connection to cloud your rational judgement. do not lose sight of your own goals and make unnecessary compromises. Starting off with a no in response allows both parties to take a pause and consider the spread of options for give and take in the negotiation more rationally. It is crucial to identify and focus on the key items in your agenda. Focus on these and don't let emotions slip in. Maintain the negotiation as being about the outcomes. Remember both you and your opposite are both human. having a clear and rational mindset is tough to maintain. Both you and your opposite have baggage which you are bringing to every new interaction, this is impossible to ignore so you should use the baggage you think is relevant to your negotiation and deal with any that might be a problem between you and your opposite. the best preparation for any negotiations includes consideration of problems that will come up during, and as a result of, your current negotiation. This negotiation is likely going to cause more baggage as well, so it is best to be rational about what happens next and involve your opposite in the decision making regarding how you go on after this, if it is emotionally charged, be especially careful about this. Consider the tips from emotional intelligence and how to talk to anyone. Be consistent and try to make your goals a consistent part of your agenda so you aren't ever caught out by emotional elements of your negotiations causing you to forget the most important things. Don't take responsibility for your opposites success or failure, you cant end up negotiating both sides yourself and juggling both sets of concerns and emotions. However you should be kind, while holding on to your own concerns and needs firmly.

- Jim Camp's Negotiation Secrets #1  Emotion Not Logic: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] everything we do in life is a series of decisions decisions of the key to any success we have in any human performance event our secret is the foundation of everything we teach coach and do with our system of negotiation and our clients you know it's a law of science the human brain can not make a logical decision decisions are made 100% emotionally and then validated by our library of knowledge experience training practice the great flaw is that 99% of the world does not know or believe the science they have a mindset that's been celebrated for being smart how often do you hear someone say you have to make a logical decision or I want to make a logical decision and you know what it's not possible you know we go to school we study we take tests we celebrate how smart and logical we are and as we get older we're rewarded for being so smart in fact we think we know what will happen we think we know what someone will say or do but we don't know we don't have a clue and that's the great flaw I see people who work very hard to present a logical response that strikes the logic the intellect of the other party where decisions aren't made in fact they can't be made in that part of the brain and the fact is that all of that intellect all that data throws a wet blanket on decision making just go to a party a social gathering a group of people and watch people discuss the logic of politics and slowly but surely watch the discussion heat up to a fever pitch yet in the same setting somewhere in that gathering is someone telling a story watch the storyteller who's creating vision and emotion that person will have an audience and they'll be listening intently it's that emotional area of the brain that connection and the emotion where you have the impact on the other party's decision-making because that's where we all make 100 percent of our decisions not logic and it's the well-trained coached negotiator who knows a creating vision and appealing to the emotion is the secret to successful negotiations

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kannection9884: Thanks for sharing this. I’m slowly starting to come around to the Camp system. Truth can be one of the hardest things to hear.

- [Review] Start with No (Jim Camp) Summarized: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Hello, I'm Sebastian. Welcome to Nine Na tree's&nbsp; podcast. Today, I will summarize and review&nbsp;&nbsp; the book. In 'Start with No: The Negotiating&nbsp; Tools that the Pros Don't Want You to Know,'&nbsp;&nbsp; Jim Camp introduces a contrarian approach&nbsp; to negotiation that challenges conventional&nbsp;&nbsp; wisdom. Unlike traditional strategies that&nbsp; advocate for 'win-win' scenarios or the power&nbsp;&nbsp; of 'yes' to foster agreement and compromise,&nbsp; Camp proposes that starting with 'no' empowers&nbsp;&nbsp; negotiators by putting them in a position of&nbsp; strength. Through this groundbreaking book,&nbsp;&nbsp; readers learn that 'no' is not an obstacle but an&nbsp; opportunity to delve deeper into understanding the&nbsp;&nbsp; other party's needs and to craft solutions that&nbsp; are genuinely beneficial, rather than hastily&nbsp;&nbsp; conceding to inferior terms. Camp's method is&nbsp; built on a foundation of disciplined preparation,&nbsp;&nbsp; building a vision, and controlling what can&nbsp; be controlled. His insights are drawn from his&nbsp;&nbsp; extensive experience as a negotiation consultant&nbsp; and coach, making the book a treasure trove of&nbsp;&nbsp; practical strategies that can be applied in&nbsp; various negotiation contexts, from business&nbsp;&nbsp; deals to personal disputes. I will give you key&nbsp; takeaways from this book.Firstly, The Power of No,&nbsp;&nbsp; Jim Camp emphasizes that beginning negotiations&nbsp; with a willingness to say 'no' sets the stage&nbsp;&nbsp; for more effective discussions. This approach&nbsp; prevents negotiators from falling into the trap&nbsp;&nbsp; of conceding too much, too early. Instead, it&nbsp; encourages both parties to fully explore each&nbsp;&nbsp; other's positions and interests. Camp argues that&nbsp; this mindset shift is crucial for developing a&nbsp;&nbsp; strong negotiation strategy. It forces negotiators&nbsp; to prepare rigorously, anticipating objections and&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding the underlying concerns that may&nbsp; lead the other party to resist agreement. The&nbsp;&nbsp; principle of starting with 'no' fosters a scenario&nbsp; where all options are considered more carefully,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that any agreement reached is not just&nbsp; a quick compromise but a thorough solution to the&nbsp;&nbsp; underlying issues at hand. Secondly, Control What&nbsp; You Can, Camp introduces the concept of focusing&nbsp;&nbsp; on elements within the negotiator's control.&nbsp; This strategy involves careful preparation,&nbsp;&nbsp; defining clear goals, and understanding one's own&nbsp; boundaries and limits. By focusing on what can be&nbsp;&nbsp; controlled, such as one's attitude, preparation&nbsp; level, and how they present their arguments,&nbsp;&nbsp; negotiators can avoid feeling helpless&nbsp; or reactive to the other party's demands.&nbsp;&nbsp; This emphasis on control helps in maintaining&nbsp; discipline throughout the negotiation process,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensuring that decisions are made based on&nbsp; strategy rather than emotion. It also encourages&nbsp;&nbsp; negotiators to remain flexible and adaptive,&nbsp; adjusting their approaches based on the situation&nbsp;&nbsp; while maintaining a clear sense of direction&nbsp; towards their ultimate goal.Thirdly, Building a&nbsp;&nbsp; Vision, Jim Camp advocates for the importance of&nbsp; building a vision of the desired outcome as part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the negotiation process. This involves not only&nbsp; having a clear sense of what one wants to achieve&nbsp;&nbsp; but also understanding the needs and goals of the&nbsp; other party. By developing a comprehensive view of&nbsp;&nbsp; the possible outcomes, negotiators can steer the&nbsp; conversation towards solutions that are mutually&nbsp;&nbsp; beneficial, even if the negotiation started with a&nbsp; 'no.' This foresight enables negotiators to guide&nbsp;&nbsp; discussions with purpose and direction, creating&nbsp; a framework within which creative and satisfactory&nbsp;&nbsp; solutions can be discovered. Building a vision&nbsp; helps in turning adversarial negotiations into&nbsp;&nbsp; collaborative problem-solving sessions, where&nbsp; both parties are invested in finding the best&nbsp;&nbsp; outcome.Fourthly, The Importance of Listening, One&nbsp; of the critical tools in Jim Camp's negotiation&nbsp;&nbsp; strategy is the skill of active listening.&nbsp; By truly listening to the other party—paying&nbsp;&nbsp; attention not just to what is said, but also&nbsp; to what is left unsaid—negotiators can gain&nbsp;&nbsp; valuable insights into the other party's true&nbsp; priorities and constraints. This understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; can then be used to craft proposals that address&nbsp; those needs while still advancing one's own goals.&nbsp;&nbsp; Camp emphasizes that effective listening can&nbsp; transform negotiations by building trust and&nbsp;&nbsp; openness, facilitating a more in-depth exploration&nbsp; of potential solutions. It requires patience,&nbsp;&nbsp; empathy, and a genuine willingness to understand&nbsp; the other party's perspective, making it a&nbsp;&nbsp; powerful tool for achieving favorable negotiation&nbsp; outcomes. Lastly, Disciplined Preparation,&nbsp;&nbsp; At the core of Camp's negotiation philosophy is&nbsp; the principle of disciplined preparation. This&nbsp;&nbsp; means entering negotiations with a well-researched&nbsp; understanding of the other party's position,&nbsp;&nbsp; potential objections, and the broader context&nbsp; in which the negotiation takes place. Such&nbsp;&nbsp; preparation involves crafting precise questions&nbsp; to uncover information, setting clear objectives&nbsp;&nbsp; for the negotiation, and developing a nuanced&nbsp; strategy that anticipates various negotiation&nbsp;&nbsp; dynamics. Disciplined preparation ensures&nbsp; that negotiators can navigate discussions&nbsp;&nbsp; with confidence, armed with the information and&nbsp; tactics necessary to advocate effectively for&nbsp;&nbsp; their interests. It turns negotiation from&nbsp; an art into a science, where every move is&nbsp;&nbsp; calculated to advance towards a well-defined&nbsp; goal.In conclusion, Jim Camp's 'Start with No:&nbsp;&nbsp; The Negotiating Tools that the Pros Don't Want&nbsp; You to Know' is an invaluable resource for anyone&nbsp;&nbsp; looking to enhance their negotiation skills. By&nbsp; challenging traditional notions and emphasizing&nbsp;&nbsp; the power of 'no,' disciplined preparation, and&nbsp; the importance of listening, Camp provides readers&nbsp;&nbsp; with a robust toolkit for navigating negotiations.&nbsp; Whether you're a seasoned business professional,&nbsp;&nbsp; an entrepreneur, or simply looking to improve&nbsp; your ability to negotiate in personal situations,&nbsp;&nbsp; this book offers insights that can transform&nbsp; your approach and outcomes. The methodologies&nbsp;&nbsp; outlined by Camp are not just about negotiation;&nbsp; they're about communication, decision-making,&nbsp;&nbsp; and strategic thinking. Adopting these practices&nbsp; can lead to more meaningful engagements and&nbsp;&nbsp; successful agreements, making 'Start with No'&nbsp; a must-read for those seeking to influence and&nbsp;&nbsp; persuade effectively in any aspect of their&nbsp; lives. If you would like to support Jim Camp,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can buy the book through the Amazon link&nbsp; I've provided in the podcast description. After&nbsp;&nbsp; reading the book, please let me know what you&nbsp; think and share your thoughts. See you around.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Music-vz2nu: This video really touched my heart.
  2. @ikeeN-sx3yp: Questo video è di altissima qualità.
  3. @ScottShawnDeRocks-b4s: I've subscribed to your channel.

- Jim Camp Start with No Intro to BrainX system: Kind: captions Language: en hi welcome to the start with no credential program my name is coach jim camp and i'm the creator of the camp method of negotiation i have helped individuals and teams to successfully negotiate thousands of agreements these have included simple agreements between individuals negotiations between labor unions and management fbi hostage negotiations and contracts from simple to the most complex international contracts that were worth hundreds of millions of dollars to my clients when you've completed the courses and earned your credentials you'll be joining an elite group of certified negotiators to assure your learning success i've worked with a team at brainx that included some of the finest neuroscience researchers in america the folks at brainx help me create these courses and digitize me so i can be your personal digital tutor each day when you log in i will have a new message for you i will also give you personal feedback on the assignments you complete in the courses so let's get started

- Introduction to the Jim Camp Negotiation System: Kind: captions Language: en the hardest part of negotiation is is really um preparation you know coach Lombardi Vince Lombardi said years and years ago winning isn't everything but the will to prepare to win is everything preparation is hard work but valid preparation is even harder I'd say the most important aspect of Any Human Performance Event whether it's high school football whether it's flying and aircraft or whether it's going to a boardroom to negotiate is preparation you have to focus on what you can manage in our system we can manage activity and behavior so we set valid activity goals for ourselves things we can duplicate you have to be able to bring about agreement so many people weren't dealing with principles they were dealing with Concepts and tactics and tricks and manipulations and uh it just didn't work it it wasn't something I felt that was had any validity so I was U very uh intrigued by what would happen if you applied real principles and and took what some of the great business people had done over the past that maybe they didn't even realize by applying coaching to those principles it really became more interesting to me every day we teach systematic decision-based negotiation and we coach it and we stick with our clients for years and years and years what ends up on the on on the other side of the coaching and training is we now have someone with uh a valid system in place to help them control their emotions every day when they negotiate meaning they know exactly where they fell short they know exactly where they succeeded and step by step they can break the process down into smaller more manageable pieces and they begin to they begin to actually develop habit patterns and change Behavior which is really tough coach 2100 is is really um a 5-year effort to put together technology to to solve the problems all of our clients face and we as coaches face coach 2100 gives us a a base of knowledge it gives us an opportunity to train our client it gives us an opportunity to not only train the client but to qualify the client we apply the knowledge in our simulator and really qualify The Negotiator in a safe environment with a valid preparation package to go into the negotiation they execute that package and then on the outside coming out of the negotiation we coach the debriefing bring out all the information we need to prepare for the next negotiation so coach 2100 solves all that for us we have clients in on the mainland of China today being coached we have clients in Russia being coached high-tech lowtech government agencies we've got high school students a young lady who a year and a half ago completed a course and worked with a coach and was hired as an intern at the White House out of 80 people she was hired in the middle of the interview process the interview process was canceled she was hired so I think we run the spectrum of any any business the easiest thing to do is to execute a well prepared checklist for a negotiation it's easy and it becomes fun if I have a potential client that's preparing for the negotiation of their life and and they have let's say 30 minutes to prepare there's a six-step process that they can go through to get prepared for that situation so that they go in knowing exactly what they're going to do we call it building an agenda the six steps first and foremost is Mission and purpose step two is problems anything that may hinder or stop the negotiation step three we identify our baggage anything that we take into the deal that's emotional step four is the only time we ever make any assumptions about our adversary the fifth step is what we want what happens next is the last step what happens next means we solidify in detail the next steps in the process we do truly measure success as coaches by what our our clients are able to do uh it's thrilling uh when you work with someone and then watch them be successful watch their family reap the benefit of that success I've just always been thrilled by watching my client success

  Top Comments:
  1. @dmitryisaev5955 [2 likes]: Thank you Jim, took it from your book and use it for key meetings with clients!
  2. @AnthonyCastelli [1 likes]: blah blah blah

- Influence & Persuasion: Crash Course Media Literacy #6: Kind: captions Language: en Let’s play a little game of “name that tune.” I’m going to start singing a tune, and I want you see if you can finish it without me. Ok here it goes: “Ba da ba ba ba…” What about, “I am stuck on Band Aid Brand....” Did you hear that in the little kids’ voice? That’s a cute one. OK last one: “Gimme a break, gimme a break.” C’mon you had to know that one. If you didn’t finish at least one of those on your own, I’d be shocked. These little songs advertisers use in commercials are called jingles, and you know these popular ones because they were written specifically to get stuck in your head. Catchy tunes are just one technique advertisers use to get you to remember them and, hopefully, buy their stuff. For years psychologists and sociologists have studied why humans buy things, and brands use that research to hack our brains and open our wallets. By applying the skills we’ve learned so far, we can protect ourselves from buying yet another fancy frappuccino off the not-so-secret secret menu. Today we’re going to un-hack your brain on advertising. [Theme Music] First things first: let’s define advertising and its close cousins, public relations and propaganda. An advertisement is a public notice promoting a product, event, or service. Advertising is the art of creating those. Sometimes brands create ads themselves, and sometimes they hire companies to do it for them. Yes, just like the people from Mad Men. Public relations, or PR, is something different. PR is the management of the relationship between the public (that’s you) and a brand. PR tells the public what the brand is up to and tries to make the brand look as good as possible. They’re the people who write the apology when someone makes a mistake or build the hype around the latest iPhone release. Finally, propaganda is information distributed with the direct purpose of promoting a certain point of view. This info is often misleading or biased, and propaganda is usually used to promote specific political viewpoints. These definitions may seem tidy, but the differences between these fields can be really hard to distinguish out in the real world, especially online. Don’t worry, we’ll talk a lot more about propaganda later in the course. Last time on Crash Course Media Literacy, we learned that all media is constructed. Creators make choices each step of the way, from their work’s purpose and focus to the point of view they use to tell their story. Advertisements work the same way, from the split-second ad you swipe through before watching your friends’ stories to elaborate movie trailers that get as much hype as the movie itself. On top of that, ads are created using a century’s worth of market research: experiments carried out to discover what makes us want to buy things. Advertisers use that knowledge to tap into our desires, often exploiting our most basic needs – not only the food and shelter kind, but the love and belonging kind, too. One of the pioneers of this somewhat sinister art was Edward Bernays. Working in the 1920s and ‘30s, he wrote: “The human being—male or female—is a herd animal. Man is fearful of solitude...He is more sensitive to the voice of the herd than to any other influence.” That’s from his 1923 book Crystallizing Public Opinion, which became a classic in the public relations field. It detailed how humans can be persuaded to change their habits if it will help them to follow the crowd. Think back to middle school. What was that one trend that everyone had to follow, or you totally felt left out? Friendship bracelets, the latest pair of Jordans, a fidget spinner, one of those little electronic keychain pets – seriously what was the deal with those things? Chances are you or your friends bought them because everyone else had one – you wanted to fit in. Advertisements love to play on this need, and that’s how trends and fads happen in the first place. In the 1940’s, psychologist Abraham Maslow added another piece to this puzzle. He identified a hierarchy of needs he said all humans had. It’s set up like a pyramid. At the base, the foundation, all humans need food and water, shelter, and sleep. Just above that, they need to feel safe, too. Then comes the need for love and feeling like you belong somewhere. After that, we need to feel accomplished, like we matter. At the tippy top of the pyramid is the need to fulfill our destiny, to be our best selves. Now all of these needs, combined with our natural desire to follow the crowd, are like little buttons on our hearts and brains. Advertisements press different combinations of buttons in hopes that we’ll respond the right way. Usually that means buying their product. The sales pitch of most modern ads is that product X will satisfy your need for Y. For example, security systems promise one of our most basic instincts: safety. We want to be safe, so we buy alarms to keep out the bad guys. And Slim Jims? They promise food – of a sort. Down at the bottom of the pyramid. But some products claim to satisfy multiple needs higher up on that pyramid. Let’s head into the Thought Bubble to take a closer look. Check out this vintage ad for hair dye. It features L’Oreal’s iconic slogan “Because you’re worth it.” They’ve used this slogan more or less since 1971. In this ad, it’s used with the claim that this dye is the most expensive in the country. Usually, that’s not a great way to sell a lot of anything. But the slogan “because you’re worth it” presses a lot of our human need buttons. For starters, any advertisement for hair dye implies that natural hair color is boring. So, for other people to like us, to stick with the herd, our hair has to be a different, better color. But still a pretty normal, human-y color, so we don’t stick out from the herd. That’s the button for feeling loved and like we belong. But there’s also that need for accomplishment, like we matter. We’re worth it. The ad is saying, you’re hot. You’re the best. You deserve this product. You deserve the most expensive dye, even though it’s luxury. Nay, BECAUSE it’s luxury. Not only is this ad an appeal to stick with the herd, to blend in with beauty norms, but it’s also an appeal to individualism. It’s an appeal to that middle of the pyramid and the tippy top, the desire to become our best selves and rise above the rest of the herd. It’s genius, really. If you’ve ever screamed TREAT YOSELF while splurging on a pair of designer shoes after a long day, you’ve fallen into this ad trap. Thanks for the help, Thought Bubble. Once an advertiser knows which “need button” to press, they need to persuade you that it will work. Turns out that there are a few things that really persuade us. The first is authority: if we think the person talking is an expert, we’re likely to believe them. Like in those “5 out of 5 dentists recommend” toothpaste commercials. Dentists know teeth, right? The next is likeability: if we like them, are friends with them, or trust them, we’re also likely to listen. That's why brands use extremely popular and respected celebrities, like, say, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, to sell watches or perfume. Same with consistency: if what’s being said vibes with what we already believe, we’ll probably go along with it. If everything you’ve ever heard about this new true crime podcast says its great and thrilling and awesome, you probably wouldn’t believe your coworker’s negative review of it. If there’s a consensus around something, if it’s popular, we are easily swayed to think it’s good, too. And if we think it’s a scarce resource and we could have a piece of it, it’s even more attractive. So, if everyone else had an iPhone and you didn’t, you’d probably really want one. And if a limited edition version came out that was signed by Beyonce you’d want that one even more. Advertisers often use these persuasive qualities in benign ways to get us to buy one brand of chocolate over another or something. But they can also be used against us by being baked into false claims. They’re not lying, exactly, but making claims based on poor or misleading logic. One popular type of fallacy in advertising is an appeal to emotions. This is when an ad convinces you to take action by tugging at your heartstrings. Those sad sick dog commercials with the Sarah McLachlan song? That’s an appeal to emotions. Just because sick dogs make you sad doesn’t automatically mean an organization deserves a donation; it just makes you link the two together. (I mean, please still save the sick dogs, this is just an example folks.) Then there’s the false dilemma, where an ad shows you a limited number of choices so you won’t consider all of the options. Laundry detergent ads for example, seem to always go “head to head” with another brand – but only one other brand, even though there are dozens. Another popular one is the red herring, the presentation of something totally irrelevant to distract you from the issue at hand. This happens in politics all the time. Ever seen a TV campaign ad during a local election that shouted something totally unrelated at you? Like, “Don’t elect Dan, his daughter eats CEREAL!” And suddenly you’re wondering what’s wrong with cereal until you forget that cereal has nothing to do with politics. Then there’s traditional wisdom, the idea that you should pick something because that’s how your grandmom or your old man used to do it. But your old man used a record player because there wasn’t any other option, not because he wanted to lug around a crate full of vinyl to every single party. All of these fallacies and persuasive techniques can be used for good and for evil and in between. Public service campaigns can get kids to stop smoking or invest in local journalism. But on the other hand, cosmetics ads can harm teens’ body images, causing eating disorders and depression. The better psychologists and sociologists get at persuading the human brain – even if their intentions are good – the better bad actors get at it, too. All the more reason to stretch your media literacy muscles. Today we talked about how advertisements can make you change your mind. Next time on Crash Course Media Literacy we’re going to tell you when and where they’re doing it. We’re going to talk all about those creepy targeted ads that follow you around the internet and much, much more. See you next time. Until then, I’m Jay Smooth. Crash Course Media Literacy is filmed in the Dr. Cheryl C. Kinney Studio in Missoula, MT. It’s made with the help of all of these nice people, and our animation team is Thought Cafe. Crash Course is a Complexly production. If you want to imagining the world complexly with us, check out some of our other channels like Eons, Animal Wonders, and SciShow Psych. If you'd like to keep Crash Course free for everyone, forever, you can support the series at Patreon, a crowdfunding platform that allows you to support the content you love. Thank you to all of our patrons for making Crash Course possible with their continued support.

  Top Comments:
  1. @graciecopeland5127 [6 likes]: Am I the only one who’s watching this in 2019
  2. @stewiebox [2 likes]: I didn't recognise any of the jingles
  3. @Rhomega [2 likes]: Gimme a break, gimme a break! Break me off a piece of that...apple sauce? Chrysler car? Oh, it's Fancy Feast!
  4. @VendettaFishing [2 likes]: 2:29 6:05 thank me later
  5. @DjIsEpic [1 likes]: Snowball at 5:19?
  6. @jofussh.2103 [1 likes]: Great stuff! Thanks for producing this.
  7. @vaibhavtripathi4951 [1 likes]: The Crash Course is awesome.
  8. @cruzingride [1 likes]: ok so, we are not gonna talk about how Overwatch's Mei robot is in the thought bubble? ok...
  9. @decadesyearoldthingsreview6595: It’s insane u guys made video of everything
  10. @dhararry7929: Maslow had later added another need to the pyramid, Self Trancendence.
  11. @SamuelPeterson-k1f: this video helped me and my class
  12. @sametekiz3709: 0:30,here i am fellow Turkish follower who have no idea of what is either of them.
  13. @alcoholicnerd514: I recognized only McDonald's tune. It comes as no surprise assuming that I live in Russia :-)
  14. @awesomecodeman: I couldn't name any of those tunes.
  15. @jasonmask7440: didn't know any
  16. @fclp67: How the hell am I supposed to remember any of this
  17. @mohammaddaudi7169: Thank you Master
  18. @graciecopeland5127: His jingles thooo
  19. @pingukutepro: Oops. I'm a advertising creator.
  20. @my15: I remember my public speaking workshop and critical thinking subject with this...

- How Ads (and People) Persuade You: Kind: captions Language: en [♪♩INTRO] Every day, you are bombarded with ads, salespeople, or friends trying to persuade you to do something, like watch a new show on Netflix or try out a new diet. Those messages don’t always convince you, but sometimes they do — and you might not even realize it’s happening. Dozens of factors can cause you to agree or disagree with a message, and a lot of them have to do with how you respond to persuasion in the first place. But if you can recognize when you’re being persuaded, it’s a lot easier to stop and make sure your opinions are actually your own. A lot of researchers who study persuasion think about it in terms of what’s called the Elaboration Likelihood Model, or ELM, which divides your response to persuasion into two main categories: There’s the central route, where you thoughtfully consider a message, or the peripheral route, where you make a decision using quick judgements or gut feelings. Most of the time, you end up using the peripheral route — like when you’re watching a commercial and decide the actor playing a doctor knows what she’s talking about because she’s wearing a white coat. Obviously, it’s good to think critically about some things, but we don’t have time to do that for everything, so both routes are important and useful. It helps to recognize which route you’re taking, though, so you can decide whether it’s worth stopping to think critically about whatever someone’s trying to convince you of. A few things can affect which route you take. Some are personality traits, like what’s known as the need for cognition, which describes how much people like to think about things. People with a higher need for cognition tend to pay close attention to arguments, while people with a low need prefer to make decisions based on quick cues, like how credible someone seems. One experiment in 1986 showed that people with a high need are more likely to take the central route, while those with a low need tend to take the peripheral route. In the study, researchers presented a few hundred university students with strong and weak arguments for raising the school’s tuition. They found that strong arguments were more persuasive than weak ones, but especially when students had a high need for cognition. You’ll also be more likely to use the central route if a topic is important to you. If you’re obsessed with good TV and someone says they’ve found the best show ever, you might spend hours looking at its cinematography and writing before you decide you agree with them. But if you just want something to binge watch, you might not care about all that. If a TV-loving friend says Game of Thrones is the best thing they’ve ever seen, that might be enough to convince you… especially if you hear it over and over and over again, every Sunday night. I gave up. I finally watched Game of Thrones. Are you happy? The situation is also important. Even if you love the topic, you’re more likely to use the peripheral route if you’re distracted or don’t have much time to think. Other factors are less straightforward, which is where persuasion gets complicated. For example, feeling an emotion can persuade you in a bunch of different ways depending on the situation. An emotion could be critical evidence, like if you’re trying to figure out if a comedy movie is good. If you felt happy while watching it, that’s a pretty good reason to decide that you liked it. Other times, your emotions can influence your opinions without you actively thinking about If you feel good watching a commercial, for example, you’ll probably feel good about the product, too. Emotions can also affect how you think and how much you think about something. If you’re in a positive mood, you might not think as deeply about what you’re hearing. So the same emotion can persuade you in different ways, depending on the context. But they can also make you more vulnerable to being convinced of something without thinking critically about it. The credibility and source of the message also play a big part. A 2016 study found that people who read a product review were more likely to think negatively about the product if they knew the review was sponsored. That’s probably because, if we know someone was paid to say good things, it’s harder for us to trust that the message is true, so we’ll think more critically about it. We’re also more likely to think harder about arguments if the message comes from someone in the minority opinion. In an experiment in Spain, students read a message that supported making green the official school color. When the message said the majority of students supported the idea, it didn’t much matter whether the arguments for it were good or bad. The reader already thought it was probably a good idea. But if it was a minority opinion, they only tended to think it was a good idea if it had good arguments. Meaning that if you see lots of people sharing something on Facebook, for example, you might not think as critically about whether the content itself is actually making a good point. But if only one friend shares that opinion, the argument starts to matter more. So, there are a lot of different things that can affect whether a commercial or person will persuade you. None of them are guaranteed to work, though — especially if you realize what’s happening. Your mind is your own, and when you recognize that you’re in a situation where you’re more likely to be convinced of something, you can decide whether it’s worth taking a little bit of time to think about it. Thanks for watching this episode of SciShow Psych! If you’d like to see more videos like this about the complicated things that make our brains and minds work, you can go to youtube.com/scishowpsych and subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AskMustafa [76 likes]: <<I will always let  anyone know to forget predictions and start making good profit now because future valuations are all speculations and guesses.The market is very unstable and you can't tell if it's going bearish or bullish.While myself and others are trading without fear of making a loss others are being patient for the price to skyrocket. It all depends on the pattern you follow.I was able to make 11 bTC in just August from implementing  trades with tips and info from Davis Thomas..
  2. @JoaquimIanBauza [1 likes]: cool
  3. @s-kvn-k [1 likes]: I haven't found a single add that persuaded me to buy or even check their product. You lot are so easy man
  4. @StaceyMalave: Thank you.
  5. @thelyon3791: Anytime anybody is trying to sell anybody anything 9x out of 10 they will tell you lies about the product to get you to buy it
  6. @ScottSummers-m5l: Modern ads have caused myself and others to ditch cable and now that yt has been goingcrazy with ads since the election, i skip all ads or convert videi to mp4 for offline viewing.
  7. @Paul1958R: Show me an advertiser and I'll show you a liar.
  8. @katz57: If I am looking at something that is interesting to me and a commercial comes on it is automatically a bother, so I hate it and whatever it's selling.
  9. @setionos: - Every day, individuals face persuasion attempts from ads, salespeople, and friends urging them to take certain actions or adopt particular opinions.
- Persuasion often operates through two main routes: the central route, involving thoughtful consideration, and the peripheral route, relying on quick judgments or gut feelings.
- The Elaboration Likelihood Model (ELM) is a framework used to understand responses to persuasion, categorizing them into central and peripheral routes.
- Factors influencing the chosen route include personality traits (e.g., need for cognition), the importance of the topic, and situational factors such as distractions and time constraints.
- Emotional responses, credibility of the message source, and whether an opinion aligns with the majority or minority can also impact the persuasiveness of a message. Recognizing these factors can empower individuals to critically assess and shape their own opinions.
  10. @KURENANI: i like to belive in things in procentages of how likely it is to be true and from there i decide wheter i should use it or if i let it be until i find more evidence against/for it
  11. @jmanj3917: Quite easily? 🤣
  12. @MatheusGarciaPinto: very cool video
  13. @jaqihegland6232: "The majority of students think we should make green the school color!"  OK, let's do that.  "Actually only a small minority want that."  Well, then we shouldn't.  That's not because of how much we want to think about the subject, that's because objectively, the best school color for our school is the one that will make the most students happy.  If most students like purple, use that.
  14. @williamf.buckleyjr3227: ROOT.
Route is pronounced, ROOT. 
Rout is pronounced ROUT.
  15. @ken4437: What if 1M people click on the ads and purchased nothing?
  16. @Mart-E12: No they don't.
  17. @justworkingfortheweekend8504: Ads sure did not work for the Atari Jaguar
  18. @Youstolemysmile420: With how much they bombard us with thousands of ads everyday, how do they expect it to be effective. It’s pestering more than anything. They are persuading in the slightest.
  19. @gabriellynch2764: I'm going to throw this out there; I "feel" like all you are saying is that "dumb" people are more easily manipulated by advertisements.
  20. @kimbratton9620: They don't work on me!

- Science Of Persuasion: Kind: captions Language: en Researchers have been studying the factors that influence us to say yes to the request of others for over 60 years. And there can be no doubt that there's a science to how we are persuaded. And a lot of the science is surprising. When making a decision it'd be nice to think that people consider all the available information in order to guide their thinking. But the reality is very often different. In the increasingly overloaded lives we lead, more than ever we need shortcuts or rules of thumb to guide our decision-making. My own research has identified just six of these shortcuts. As universals that guide human behavior, they are: Reciprocity, Scarcity, Authority, Consistency, Liking, and Consensus. Understanding these shortcuts and employing them in an ethical manner, can significantly increase the chances that someone will be persuaded by your request. Let's take a closer look at each in turn. So the first universal principle of influence is Reciprocity. Simply put, people are obliged to give back to others the form of behavior, gift, or service that they have received first. If a friend invites you to their party, there's an obligation for you to invite them to a future party you are hosting. If a colleague does you a favor then you owe that colleague a favor. And in the context of a social obligation people are more likely to say yes to those that they owe. One of the best demonstrations of the principle of reciprocation comes from a series of studies conducted in restaurants. So the last time you visit a restaurant, there's a good chance that the waiter or waitress will have given you a gift. Probably about the same time that they bring your bill. A liqueur perhaps or a fortune cookie or perhaps a simple mint. So here's the question. Does the giving of a mint have any influence over how much tip you're going to leave them? Most people will say no. But that mint can make a surprising difference. In the study, giving diners a single mint at the end of their meal, typically increased tips by around 3%. Interestingly if the gift is doubled and two mints are provided, tips don't double. They quadruple, a 14% increase in tips. But perhaps most interestingly of all, is the fact that if the waiter provides one mint, starts to walk away from the table, but pauses, turns back and says, "For you nice people, here's an extra mint," tips go through the roof. A 23% increase influenced not by what was given, but how it was given. So the key to using the principle of reciprocation is to be the first to give and to ensure that what you give is personalized and unexpected. The second universal principle of persuasion is Scarcity. Simply put, people want more of those things they can have less of. When British Airways announced in 2003 that they would no longer be operating the twice daily London-New York Concorde flight because it had become uneconomical to run, sales the very next day took off. Notice that nothing had changed about the Concorde itself. It certainly didn't fly any faster, the service didn't suddenly get better, and the airfare didn't drop. It had simply become a scarce resource. And as a result, people wanted it more. So when it comes to effectively persuading others using the scarcity principle, the science is clear. It's not enough simply to tell people about the benefits they'll gain if they choose your products and services. You'll also need to point out what is unique about your proposition and what they stand to lose if they fail to consider your proposal. Our third principle of influence is the principle of authority. The idea that people follow the lead of credible knowledgeable experts. Physiotherapists for example are able to persuade more of their patients to comply with recommended exercise programs if they display their medical diplomas on the walls of their consulting rooms. People are more likely to give change for a parking meter to a complete stranger if that requester wears a uniform rather than casual clothes. What the science is telling us is that it is important to signal to others what makes you a credible knowledgeable authority before you make your influence attempt. Of course this can present problems. You can hardly go around telling potential customers how brilliant you are. But you can certainly arrange for someone to do it for you. And surprisingly the science tells us that it doesn't seem to matter if the person who introduces you is not only connected to you but also likely to prosper from the introduction themselves. One group of real estate agents were able to increase both the number of property appraisals and the number of subsequent contracts that they wrote by arranging for reception staff who answered customer enquiries to first mention their colleagues' credentials and expertise. So, customers interested in letting a property were told "Lettings? Let me connect you with Sandra who has over 15 years' experience letting properties in this area." Customers who wanted more information about selling properties were told "Speak to Peter, our head of sales. He has over 20 years' experience selling properties. I'll put you through now." The impact of this expert introduction led to a 20% rise in the number of appointments and a 15% increase in the number of signed contracts. Not bad for a small change in form from persuasion science that was both ethical and costless to implement. The next principle is Consistency. People like to be consistent with the things they have previously said or done. Consistency is activated by looking for and asking for small initial commitments that can be made. In one famous set of studies researchers found rather unsurprisingly, that very few people would be willing to erect an unsightly wooden board on their front lawn to support a Drive Safely campaign in their neighborhood. However in a similar neighborhood close by, four times as many homeowners indicated that they would be willing to erect this unsightly billboard. Why? Because ten days previously, they had agreed to place a small postcard in the front window of their home that signaled their support for a Drive Safely campaign. That small card was the initial commitment that led to a 400% increase in a much bigger but still consistent change. So when seeking to influence using the consistency principle, the detective of influence looks for voluntary, active and public commitments and ideally gets those commitments in writing. For example, one recent study reduced missed appointments at health centers by 18% simply by asking the patients, rather than the staff to write down appointment details on the future appointment card. The fifth principle is the principle of Liking. People prefer to say yes to those that they like. But what causes one person to like another? Persuasion science tells us that there are three important factors. We like people who are similar to us, we like people who pay us compliments and we like people who cooperate with us towards mutual goals. As more and more of the interactions that we are having take place online it might be worth asking whether these factors can be employed effectively in let's say online negotiations. In a series of negotiation studies carried out between MBA students at two well-known business schools, some groups were told, "Time is money. Get straight down to business." In this group around 55% were able to come to an agreement. A second group however, were told, "Before you begin negotiating, exchange some personal information with each other. Identify a similarity you share in common then begin negotiating." In this group 90% of them were able to come to successful and agreeable outcomes that were typically worth 18% more to both parties. So to harness this powerful principle of liking, be sure to look for areas of similarity that you share with others and genuine compliments you can give before you get down to business. The final principle is Consensus. Especially when they are uncertain, people will look to the actions and behaviors of others to determine their own. You may have noticed that hotels often place a small card in bathrooms that attempt to persuade guests to reuse their towels and linen. Most do this by drawing a guest's attention to the benefits that reuse can have on environmental protection. It turns out that this is a pretty effective strategy leading to around 35% compliance. But could there be an even more effective way? Well it turns out that about 75% of people who check into a hotel for four nights or longer will reuse their towels at some point during their stay. So what would happen if we took a lesson from the principle of consensus and simply included that information on the cards and said that 75% of our guests reuse their towels at some time during their stay. So please do so as well. It turns out that when we do this, towel reuse rises by 26%. Now imagine the next time you stay in a hotel you saw one of these signs. You picked it up and you read the following message: Seventy-five percent of people who have stayed in this room have reused their towel. What would you think? Well here's what you might think. "I hope they're not the same towels." And like most people you'd probably think that this sign will have no influence on your behavior whatsoever. But it turns out that changing just a few words on a sign to honestly point out what comparable previous guests have done was the single most effective message leading to a 33% increase in reuse. So the science is telling us that rather than relying on our own ability to persuade others we can point to what many others are already doing especially many similar others. So there we have it. Six scientifically validated principles of persuasion that provide for small practical, often costless changes that can lead to big differences in your ability to influence and persuade others in an entirely ethical way. They are the secrets from the science of persuasion.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ffffff7773: Mark
  2. @tajbibishamim8085: Beggars and poor do not reciprocal your action
  3. @Banditplussmokey: This is a joke it’s just reciprocating sheep people not independent thinking this is sad
  4. @WheresO0ZE: Shortcuts are also manipulations.
  5. @aa1892-v2j: So fascinating seeing all these comments from so long ago. I wonder what all the people who made the comments are up to now
  6. @TeerayutYossombut-v6x: This is top-notch content all the way through!
  7. @AmontepNew-s2k: I’ve never felt more confident about this topic!
  8. @theseriesofheroesrise2149: I want to become a better author
  9. @Gdiudhej: My jaw dropped at how well you explained this!
  10. @SafeerMunaf-y8c: Absolutely standout quality, so impressive!
  11. @JorgeAlbertoSalgado-o2b: This video slapped my confusion right out of me.
  12. @Hassanibrahim-c6u: Your explanation is unbelievably good!
  13. @EydgdjjEygejeg: I finally get it, and now I’m unstoppable. Proceed with caution.
  14. @EydgdjjEygejeg: I’m so happy I found this video!
  15. @HironJoni-h5j: Truly exceptional explanation!
  16. @GilbertDayamba-b6w: I didn’t expect to learn, yet here I am—smarter and stunned.
  17. @GilbertDayamba-b6w: Whoever made this video deserves a trophy and a parade.
  18. @ShohylShohyl-n2y: This video deserves an award!
  19. @guide1137: Who is watching from FEA
  20. @GdgdjdgGdhdjdh: thank you,learned so much from this

- How Persuasion Works: Elaboration Likelihood Model: Kind: captions Language: en the elaboration likelihood model LM developed by Richard Petty and John kakopo in the 1980s is a seminal communication theory that explains how persuasion processes work Elm posits that the persuasiveness of a message is dependent on the extent to which individuals are willing and able to process or think about the message content and it identifies two distinct rootes to persuasion the central route and the peripheral route the central route to persuasion occurs when individuals are both motivated and able to thoughtfully consider the content and the quality of the message in this route people carefully evaluate the arguments and evidence presented persuasion is likely to occur if the arguments are strong and cogent when persuaded through the central route Attitude Change is usually more durable and more predictive of behavior in contrast the peripheral route to persuasion is used when individuals are either not motivated or not able to analyze the message deeply instead of focusing on the content content individuals rely on superficial cues or heuristics such as the attractiveness of the speaker the length of the message or the speaker's perceived expertise attitude changes that occur through the peripheral route tend to be more temporary and susceptible to change a key idea within Elm is the Continuum of elaboration likelihood factors such as personal relevance of the message the individual's need for cognition and the presence of distractions can affect effect where a person falls on this Continuum High elaboration likelihood leads to the central route while low elaboration likelihood leads to the peripheral route Elm has been influential in various Fields such as advertising health communication and political campaigns understanding the factors that determine which route individuals will take is essential for crafting effective persuasive messages in summary the elaboration likelihood model provides valuable insights into the processes of persuasion by delineating the conditions under which individuals are likely to be influenced by either the content or superficial features of a message

- Persuasion, attitude change, and the elaboration likelihood model | MCAT | Khan Academy: Kind: captions Language: en - [Voiceover] Imagine that you are in school, and the school has brought in two speakers to talk about an issue that might cause controversy. Maybe it's about stopping the sale of all soda products on campus. So you have one speaker who is arguing for this policy, and one who is arguing against it. How do you, as the listener, evaluate the messages of these two speakers? There are three main characteristics that seem to have an impact on how we are persuaded for or against a certain message. The first are message characteristics. These are features of the message itself. Was the argument logical? Did it have key points? Did it follow a clear path, or did the speaker jump around a lot? So, message characteristics include how well thought out the actual message is, but it also includes other aspects of the message, like how well written it was. Does the speaker seem to have a good grasp of the rules of grammar? Did they use the appropriate vocabulary? Was the talk a good length, or was it too long or too short? These are all characteristics of the message that is being given. But it turns out that while we're paying attention to the message itself, we are also paying attention to the environment around us. These are referred to as source characteristics. Let's take a moment to think about our two speakers. What is their level of expertise for the topic that they're discussing? Do they seem knowledgeable? Do they seem trustworthy? And what about the information in their talks? Does it come from a medical or psych journal? Or was it collected via the internet or street polls? We can also pay attention to the actual physical environment where the speakers came from, and also the venue that the speaker is currently in. Is this talk taking place on the campus of the school, or in a less formal setting outside of it, maybe a bar? The last set of characteristics that can influence how we receive a message are referred to as target characteristics. These are the characteristics of the listener who is receiving the message. So in our example here, that would be the characteristics that you bring to the table. Are you in a good mood or are you in a bad mood? Do you have high or low self-esteem? Are you awake and alert, or did you stay up all night studying so now you're tired? Target characteristics include everything about the listener, from how intelligent they are to whether or not they've had enough to eat that day. These are all things that can influence how we attend to and receive a message. All of these characteristics, but especially the target characteristics, play an important role in the elaboration likelihood model, which is a model that tries to explain how our attitudes are formed and how they can be changed. So let's use the same example. You're a listener and you're still listening to these two speakers. When the speaker gets up and starts to give a presentation, we don't just want to know what characteristics people pay attention to in their talk, we want to know how do we evaluate the speaker's message? How do we come to be persuaded or not persuaded by what they have to say? According to the elaboration likelihood model, we process information along two possible paths or two possible routes. These are referred to as the central and peripheral routes. According to this model, after a particular route is chosen, the information is then passed through three different stages. The first stage actually has to do with the target characteristics that we were talking about earlier. The main idea here is that before we can even consider information or be persuaded by it, that information is first filtered by our perceptions of it and our perceptions of that situation. Maybe you, personally, think that the topic of discussion is really interesting, or maybe you find that you're really motivated to learn a lot more about it. You think it's really important. In that case the elaboration likelihood model would say that you were moving onto the central route. But maybe, for whatever reason, you actually don't have a lot of interest in the topic, and you also don't have a lot of motivation to pay attention. Maybe you skipped lunch and are really hungry, or maybe you just don't find the topic that important. All of these audience factors, all of these target characteristics, actually filter the information before we're even able to process it. The next stage of the is the processing stage. This is the stage where message characteristics and source characteristics are both taken into account. Following along the central route, when a listener is highly motivated and interested, they tend to pay a lot of attention to the quality of the message being delivered. This leads to deep processing of the material, so a real understanding of it. But what about the people who aren't really interested in the topic and who aren't really motivated by it? They generally focus on the message less and, instead, they pay attention to superficial characteristics or shallow characteristics, things like how attractive the speaker is, or how impressive their PowerPoint looks, even things like how many points the speaker made without really focusing on whether or not those facts were backed up. They'll even focus on things like how many times the speaker got the audience to laugh. Because they're paying attention to all of these superficial characteristics, they tend to not really process the information in a deep way, and so we say that there's shallow processing of information. How do these two paths differ in regards to actual attitude change? High motivation leads to deep processing of the information, which then serves to persuade us towards a message, possibly creating a lasting attitude change. Those along the peripheral route might also change their attitude, but if they do, it'll be temporary. It's likely to fade over time or be successfully attacked in a future argument. So while they might have been persuaded by the speaker at that moment, they probably won't stay persuaded for long.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Lands8142 [10 likes]: Btw, the thumbnail has a typo.
  2. @camillo2009 [10 likes]: Well explained! its just so much easier to understand this topic, when you display it that simple! Thanks a lot!
  3. @caidonggting5115 [6 likes]: better than my lecture
  4. @antevenio8303 [3 likes]: My ears hurt😬 Although I am a female myself I think that is an awfully TOO HIGH- PITCHED VOICE for these videos. 
(frequency ..near a screaming baby)
  5. @shrishtidhyani9345 [2 likes]: Thank you so much for explaining this theory in most simplest way !
  6. @Giacumein [2 likes]: Another interesting video! Keep up the good work!
  7. @legionmaniac-9202 [1 likes]: Basically myusernamesthis
  8. @TimelessCrystalGifts: Attitude is spelled wrong your thumbnail
  9. @michelepellegrino6640: that is probably the best short explanation of something I've ever heard. The scheme is spectacular
  10. @anonymouspenguinn: nice vid! next question would be "how to be a great speaker?"
  11. @DaughterofGod333: silly question but I need the answer- are the elm and the e-elm the same??
  12. @Waterboy2211: ugghhhh
  13. @newblackpaladin8246: This is a great way to study for my Communication Theory test! My professor didn't really explain it in a way where I understood it well. So good job for explaining it in a simple and straightforward way.

- The Luxury Strategy by Jean Noel Kapferer - 7.6/10 (HONEST BOOK REVIEW): Kind: captions Language: en all right so the luxury strategy this was a really good book very expensive book so they definitely preach what they teach I think it was like $75 for a book usually most books are around $20 it's like nearly four times the price very high quality book very good book learned a lot reading it I Now understand what it means to have a luxury brand and why Brands like Louis Vuitton Ferrari rollsroyce are able to sell a $50 product for $1,000 and why their brands are worth so much like understand the power of not discounting the power of giving value and having the customer come to you the power of giving a beautiful experience the power of selling not the product but sell the social currency that comes with that product for example it's hard to sort of use a luxury strategy in the medical field but if you look at the Cosmetic space plastic surgery cosmetic surgery people are paying a premium to get something artificially done so they can be seen in a certain way and as a result you can a ton of money for lip fillers breast implants even though these are pretty cheap medical operations that probably cost the same like a actual health related surgery that you're charging 10 times a price so that's like I learned so much so if I were to give it a rating 7.6 out of 10 very solid book highly would recommend it serving takeaways like I want to now sell the dream the feeling the experience you get from joining my program like it's that feeling that you're trying to s not the product itself throughout the sales process you want to create that feeling of like what could be that was the biggest takeaway highly recommend this book definitely check the link below there's a playlist to all my other book reviews highly recommend it peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @abençoadaeabundante [1 likes]: Sorry but I don’t understand why you highly recommend (said it several times) and you’ve learned at lot from it. So, why giving 7.6 (under the “quality” rate that over 8)? not very coherent
  2. @codm_fire820: It's a pretty gold book,

- The Secrets Behind Our Addiction To Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about Bernard Arno he's a name synonymous with luxury goods Arno is the CEO of lbmh and he has spent nearly four decades building his fortune creating a a luxury goods Empire that boasts some of the most prestigious brands in fashion jewelry and alcohol now he's an estimated net worth of around 221 billion and he frequently Vis with the likes of Jeff basos and Elon Musk for the title of the wells as man arno's business strategy rewards around a few key principles and if you're Keen to understand why High net worth individuals by luxury then it's crucial to grasp these fundamental motivations I'm Paul Russell co-founder of luxury Academy and as a dedicated training partner for renowned luxury companies worldwide I've gained unique insights into these motivations so there are three types of motivation that you really need to understand but first let's address the fundamental psychological strategy that's at play in the minds of luxury consumers one that they're often very unaware of and it's called heuristics but simply heuristics are decision-making shortcuts and on any given day we as humans employ thousands of these shortcuts so how has this helped Arno amass his vast Fortune by understanding the five luxury heuristics you can understand how the luxury consumer makes buying decisions it's really that straightforward number one is what we call the price quality istic or the price quality bias and we often believe that if we pay more for something we get a better product but there's a limit to Quality even for luxury goods a 30,000 barenburg isn't inherently Superior in quality to a 3,000 one that's where juristic number two comes in brand Prestige High net weth clients often use a brand as a shortcut for assessing value and quality this ties in with the price quality heuristic a back and B cost 30,000 because it's a the brand impacts the decision making would you pay either of these prices without that brand logo unlikely number three is gidy the desire for what's rare or exclusive is incredibly powerful luxury Brands understand this and often create scarcity to drive demand sometimes intentionally in the case of the berenberg and sometimes unintentionally in the case of protect number four is social proof luxury pages are very often influenced by how product or brand is perceived within our social cycle endorsements from peers work colleagues and friends can greatly impact desirability and finally number five is what we call the aesthetic appeal juristic just like we perceive something that is more expensive as better quality we also perceive something that is attractive and elegant as better quality and more reliable Apple products are a prime example of the aesthetic appeal turistic now that you understand heuristics let's delve into the motivation behind them shall we by understanding these motivations you become a much more effective luxury expert there are three primary motivations that you need to be aware of the first is called personal pleasure or hedonic motivation and it's the intrinsic pleasure that you get from owning or experiencing a product or service and we experience it either through the desire to reward yourself when celebrating a success or Milestone or through self-expression and identity where we're motivated by what an item or what a brand says about it to the outside world away from luxury this might involve buying an iPhone over say an Oppo because the iPhone symbolizes Innovation style and Status most of you who are brainwashed by Apple are going to say oh it's the Apple ecosystem most people who own an iPhone don't own an iMac MacBook an iPad or a Vision Pro so buying an iPhone is actually a stous choice secondly we have social motivators it comes with no surprise that most luxury items serve as a status or symbol of prestige conformity in a sense of belonging is also at play here if everyone in your social group is wearing Chanel Dior and Gucci then there's a higher than normal chance that you will be motivated to wear these designers as well it's a form of peer pressure but it's more about fitting in and conforming to the social norms of your peer group and contrary to popular belief very few people actually want to be unique and stand out from the crowd a prefrontal cortex and or amydala insist on Conformity for both social acceptance and for safety you see a lot of this in schools without uniforms different groups will develop different uniforms themselves and if you don't have the right trainers or the right schoolb and so forth you're going to be rejected from the group and nobody wants that and we're motivated by the recommendations of our social pair group as well what would my BFF think about this if I bought this or what will my partner think about it will they find attractive if I wear this this is called social influence where our buying behavior is Guided by social cues and lastly we have cultural motivations and this is a subject too vast to cover here but there are two very important things to be aware of cultural capital and traditional Heritage so cultural capital relates to buying a brand or wearing a particular luxury item to look sophisticated and to demonstrate to the outside world that you have knowledge of culture and arts there are some rather silly parts of present day Society who wrongly believe this motivation is cultural appropriation if you were to walk down Bond Street wearing Indian C pajamas there's a high chance that you're going to be accosted by some unshowered 20-some year old trite screaming at you for appropriating a culture and I'm talking from experience here if you were to walk through palala in Mumbai wearing the same outfit you'd be stopped and complimented by Indians young and old telling you how great you are and thank you for wearing their local clothing the other significant cultural motivation is Heritage and tradition never underestimate the significance of history and Heritage that a brand plays in consumer decisions saboro suit PS from Oman all benefit from the cultural motivation that encompasses their legacy and identity and it provides a sense of exclusivity for luxury consumers so in summary the masters of luxury goods understand the psychological motivations and heuristics that influence why High net weth clients buy luxury it's that simp

  Top Comments:
  1. @pheebsbee1280 [3 likes]: You forgot to mention comforting . Buying something that feels like a hug. To build self esteem when feeling low.
  2. @e.a.p3174 [3 likes]: I’m fascinated. I always wondered who and why people buy those luxury goods.
  3. @RockyT4114 [2 likes]: It made me laugh when he said bff. He is upper class i wouldnt expect him to say that
  4. @servantprince [1 likes]: "it's not that we can't satisfy the poor, it's that we can not satisfy the rich"
  5. @abhimawa1 [1 likes]: I thought true high net worth people enjoy about having high quality (material, fabric, functionality, etc.), with no brand  or certain identity? Some people use Apple because of its reliability, ease of use, practicality, and the same reason for wearing a Rolex (the tool watch collection, not the Cellini ones), and Lexus for being a well made vehicle with Toyota’s durability. Or, has the world changed?
  6. @thedancingtarot [1 likes]: I feel like I need to go to the “Point of No Return” school just so I can change my external aesthetic and presence so I can be comfortable and confident around high net worth. Thank you!
  7. @fc4660: I’m down a rabbit hole and watching a number of your videos as a new subscriber. Thank you, Paul, everyone is a gem. I’m a life coach (currently standing on the precipice of landing on my pricing which you have helped me slay the dragon this evening) as well as working in private banking.
  8. @rosariocontreras3577: The Indian mayor of NYC ask the king of England return the stolen items
  9. @CatherineWolf-i8v: It's reassuring to see positive reviews for  :yt: amzswis :yt:.
  10. @TildaBergmann: Good video! I follow a channel called @IlonaCallsLuxury and she is a luxury industry expert, I recommend her video, worth checking it if you're interested in luxury brands!
  11. @jeanlefranc3817: Investors are more levelheaded than punters. LVMH stock price has seriously plunged from lofty heights and still, its yield is way below what should be expected from a premium stock.
  12. @sutats: Look at me, I'm important. lol
  13. @dool1002: Lol every luxury brands started with an innovative product like Burberry with the new development in waterproof fabrics for the Trenchcoat, LV with large and robust luggages, etc etc etc. The price was the advertisement to cater to specific affluent social and wealth class so the masses followed. It's the other way around where the masses followed this 'luxury' idea. Similar to Tesla vehicles.
  14. @SchwarzeBananen: Interesting, indeed! But the little speck on the necktie distracts me. 🧐
  15. @BRBallin1: I'm a fan of buying quality but I also don't buy purely for brand or aesthetics. The only brands I have come across that offer genuinely top notch quality for the price you pay are Apple, Tesla, Lululemon, Nike
  16. @Martinmarvin500: Thank you Paul
  17. @mica00ela: The violins in the background  are overpowering the voice
  18. @Paporn-v9w3q: If the customers not buying by the credit cards. So luxurious anyway but we are poorer than you. We need more money for our house and our children are in debt and the housing debt.
  19. @nickgreen8268: Would it be too much of a luxury to find a quiet space to record these videos?
  20. @Cl0udn1n3: "for desire is the measure of all things"... Crowley.  Thoth's house of the net- "what is your net worth," the weights and cordages of the net of mind, body and spirit. This web is made of desires and the realities they create, what was the ritual of desires and the corresponding literal and invisible brands evoked by these desires preceding the sex resulting in the formation of a new biological embodiment of the ideas preceding the physical ritual of sex and conception, also, the same rush of feelings floods the baby based on the mother.  The baby's conscious imprintation could be a mom who never orgasms and has they feelings of a conformist, the needs of a psychology where there is never enough, how different is this baby compared to one who paid heed to more beautiful and loving factors preceding the ritual of physical conception, with those ideas and feelings flooding baby in it's formative years.  Human physicality and sexuality are the breeding grounds of ideas and patterns which grew big enough to turn us into the breeding grounds for further expansion of their idea forms expressed in physicality and social reality.  The memetic algorithm the men and women are but women are the store managers of in the case of this planet's reality.  The most powerful people never have to do anything to prove their influence or worth, so it is with attractive women, thus they are the center for the worst of ideas.  The fallen angels were said to divide by lots, oppression for many and exaltation for the few, create division and scarcity and make an empire of it. Embed that empire in the genes of conquered lesser races, make them associate connection with the female and the only openings to love and pleasure or feelings of worth in existence not shut off through genetic tampering your business.  Force the pattern into them on a genetic level, Enki #40 the God of magic and the waters, the waters being an allusion to business, his real domain, and the business was creating slave races.  Selling the womb, this is the waters, mem.  Conform and have sex.  Don't and work in the mines till you die.  Quickly all the men who don't conform die.  With the women, those who let their sex be sold were allowed water births and medical treatment, those who didn't were cast out to die at high rates from childbirth as was the norm at the time.  The ones who did this to humans still watch us but won't love us.  Humans were made to be obedient to hierarchy, greed and to value that which is not their will higher than themselves.  The pattern remains in human genes.  Women, the first luxury item, since God made Eve, the rest has been marketing and branding.  Is she hiding her nakedness to create more value in scarcity or because she is ashamed of her transformation into a tool for the perpetual betrayal of each generation of her children because she allowed her mind, spirit and body to be transformed into a marketing tool rather than a channel of divine love?  Better eat at the tree of knowledge of good and evil to find out for sure.  But you will pay a price.  Does the high level observer here blame Adam, or realize that this rib analogy is a metaphor for genetic engineering, the placenta as a viral source of intelligence is evidence, viral filament piercing the fetus, filling it with Thought.  What kind of father gives his son a snake when he asks for a fish?  And think of the 12 behind the strands of our dna, they never loved us, and never stopped selling our oppression and pain, they still refuse to touch us.  Maybe this is why Jesus never touched a woman? Twelve at the table before Jesus walked in, twelve at the fire before Jesus was betrayed, yet when he calls them to stay by the fire before his final day they all go off to sleep.  Jesus didn't die for your sins, he died to whip those who turned his temple into a marketing ploy, and this is the perfect metaphor because the true temple is the human body, and it has become a marketing tool instead of a divine thing.  Luke 23:27-31 “A large number of people followed him, including women who mourned and wailed for him. Jesus turned and said to them, ‘Daughters of Jerusalem, do not weep for me; weep for yourselves and for your children. For the time will come when you will say, “Blessed are the barren women, the wombs that never bore and the breasts that never nursed!” Then they will say to the mountains, “Fall on us!” and to the hills “Cover us!” For if men do these things when the tree is green, what will happen when it is dry?’”

- How Brands Use Design & Marketing to Control Your Mind: Kind: captions Language: en Brands can profoundly shape our actions and even our physiology this is Tylenol and this is generic store brand medicine they have the exact same ingredients so they should work the same but they don't if one of the pills costs more it'll be more effective even the color of a pill and its packaging can dictate how effective it is it's all in The Branding and design and this extends far beyond Tylenol wine tastes better when poured from a heavier bottle food tastes better when it's plated beautifully just the mere presence of a MasterCard logo can trigger customers to spend 30% more than they normally would companies understand that brands are like placebos they use all sorts of Mind Tricks to get us to see what they want it's gotten to a point where Brands aren't just selling you a product they're selling you a tribal group identity that they want you to be a part of they reel you in with clever branding and beautiful design so how do they do it and is this a good thing or is company branding and designed all just a bunch of manipulative BS I've spent over a decade thinking about this throughout my design career and I've read a lot of books to try to answer this and because the answer is so nuanced I've created a BS intensity Spectrum which is based on the Saffire Simpson hurricane scale on one end is a little drizzle of creative Liberty still grounded in reality but the other end is a category 5 feal Tempest of deception where companies toss truth to the wind just to drive sales creating a huge gap between marketing claims and actual reality on this quest to unravel branding insights you'll will get a deep understanding of human psychology and how design hooks into our Primal instincts and desires so let's work our way up the continum the most basic form of branding is simply labeling your product which has been around since at least 2000 BC Craftsmen would imprint symbols onto their goods to show where they came from this may not seem like a big deal but it's actually a very important way to protect customers the Soviet Union learned this the hard way brand names were seen as anti-communist so bread was just labeled bread no matter what company made the bread the packaging labels were all the same if you bit into some bread that was stale or moldy you had no way of knowing which company to avoid producers weren't held accountable so the quality of many products were truly terrible this wasn't only about bread it went as deep as rivets those tiny little things holding ships together factories turned out unbranded rivets that got jumbled up into one Central facility no one knew where each rivet came from so once again there was no incentive for companies to make good rivets so why does this matter well it starts to matter a lot when ships start springing leaks and sinking to the bottom of the ocean the Soviets did finally end up having factories stamp their brand names onto their products and quality went up producers were held accountable and customers knew which brands to trust sometimes nothing brings people together like a nice hot pizza from Pizza Hut branding helped solve a problem called information asymmetry this is when sellers know everything about what they're selling and buyers know almost nothing about what they're buying buying if you're buying from a well-established brand there's a lot of information and inherent trust built into that transaction so branding isn't always about manipulating into buying things you don't need without Brands there's an increased incentive for companies to create a cheaper lower quality product because they make a greater profit while suffering no reputational consequences now that's one good reason for Branding but as designers and marketers know branding is really about influencing people emotionally this can be used for good or evil for example we don't brush our teeth primarily for health reasons I mean sure that's definitely a big part of it but for most people that's not the main reason if it was we'd brush after every meal but take a moment and think when do you usually brush probably before an important meeting or a date usually before we eat nobody's vigorously brushing after secretly annihilating that chocolate bar while binge watching Netflix brushing your teeth is about being confident and removing stains or bad breath and that's also why toothpaste is usually mint flavored it makes your mouth feel fresh the mint does doesn't give any practical health benefits we might think we do things for logical reasons but emotions often drive us many people believe emotions are unreliable but they're actually crucial evolutionary shortcuts that help us for example our strong dislike for dirty or rotting things isn't based on a logical understanding of germs our caveman ancestors that stayed away from rotting things lived longer so we developed a negative emotional response to it thousands or even millions of years ago way before we ever knew about germs terms emotions tap into a biological and intuitive need without all the processing and good designers know this emotional Alchemy like the back of their hands it's like buying a Tesla the buyer might insist that it's because they want to take care of the environment but it's more likely that it's just fun to drive and show off as a status symbol otherwise they just drive a Nissan Leaf or something so anyway look these branding examples are all pretty harmless but things will get worse with the rising tide of the BS Continuum the next level of the Continuum is about visual shorthand so here's a simple example toothpaste stripes and yes this is the last mention of toothpaste I'll make in the video but why have stripes once you start brushing it all mixes together anyway the stripes don't serve any logical purpose but they do look cool and they show you that the toothpaste does more than one thing in a visual way like fighting cavities and freshening breath people love any visual visible effort that goes into a product if you just say that it's an improved toothpaste formula but it looks exactly the same as before it's not as convincing if you add something visual like Stripes it's a lot more believable adding visuals to highlight real benefits seems reasonable enough but we steer into murkier Waters when designers add elements that don't honestly convey the product's benefits car companies sometimes add fake vents to their car designs for example lots of car enthusiasts complain about this because it makes the car look more powerful than it really is it feels a little dishonest and this is maybe a hot take but I ranked this example pretty low cars are sculpted to exude power and Agility and designers do all sorts of visual tricks to convey that why draw the line at fake vents what about the flashy styling lines or fancy rims they're mostly visual shorthand just like the vents and no one complains about that imagine if we got rid of any visual element of a car that was not primarily functional a Lamborghini would start to look more like a 1996 Cameron if we think back to the Tylenol example from the beginning of the video looks can genuinely affect how we perceive things and even how effective products are maybe those fake vents or cool rims are a placebo that helps us drive better at the very least it keeps things interesting to be clear I think visual shorthand does become a problem when brands use it to highlight an element that is completely fake for example there are some speakers that have two drivers in them but only one of them is real when you get speakers with fake drivers it's messing with the main reason you bought them for the sound quality you probably paid more thinking that the extra driver is real on the other hand fake vents don't significantly change how well the car runs we don't have time to meticulously analyze every single detail when buying something for most purchases you just make a snap judgment based on a few indicators imagine analyzing and comparing price specs materials and quality for every single item on your grocery list you just go insane that's why visual shorthand is valuable branding and design helps to convey what's good about a product without making us do all the work there are situations where we make more calculated decisions when there's a lot at stake but most buying decisions just aren't that important most of the time you're right sometimes you're wrong it only becomes a problem when companies actively try to deceive us this type of visual signaling extends Way Beyond the design of the product itself we don't just buy the thing we buy based on the trustworthiness and reputation of the person selling the thing nice packaging and storefronts are signals that they're trustworthy businesses counting on repeat customers a company that spends time after you have bought and paid for a product to make sure you're not disappointed is more likely to be trustworthy especially when contrasted with a company that just runs away right after youve bought something that's why Sephora gives you nice little bags with the little rope handles it's an extra expense for them but it signals that they're trustworthy and care about your long-term experience also the more a seller has to lose in terms of their reputation the more confident you can be in their quality control it's why you buy sandwiches from sandwich shops with a storefront and employees rather than some guy selling $5 Foot Longs out of his van down by the river the sandwich shop stands to lose a lot if the food gets you sick they have an entire business and infrastructure and they could get sued if something goes wrong the guy in the van down by the river will probably be gone the next day and once again we don't just buy the thing we buy based on the trustworthiness and reputation of the person selling the thing you might think this stuff doesn't work on you but you'd be surprised during a project where I was designing food packaging I noticed that when the packaging designs made the food appear more appetizing people almost universally reported that the food tasted a lot better too these things really do influence our perception that's why good brands don't focus on what people say but instead focus on what they feel and what they do now here's the thing scam companies know that real or honest comp companies use these kinds of signaling devices too so they try to emulate their behavior in order to rip you off and I'll talk more about this later in the video but generally speaking if you're doing a quick scam it doesn't pay off to incur too many expenses with high quality branding and design these strategies can be abused but they're pretty reliable overall as we venture deeper into the storm though things go from slightly questionable to full-on dumpster fire there was a study conducted where a company was trying to raise donations for a charity for ironically enough Hurricane Relief these envelopes were mailed out to millions of people some of the envelopes were different from the others tell me if you can guess which ones raised the most money 100,000 were hand delivered by volunteers 100,000 were delivered in an envelope that opened in portrait format 100,000 were in higher quality envelopes and 100,000 encouraged people to complete a form which gave them a 25% tax rebate logic would tell you the 25% tax rebate is the one that raised the most money if you donate a dollar you get 25 cents back none of the other things matter right I mean who cares about a fancy envelope why does it matter if it's hand delivered but as you've probably already learned from this video logic doesn't always matter when it comes to human decision-making the 25% tax rebate actually performed the worst out of all of the above options in fact they got 30% fewer donations the other options increased donations by over 10% the higher quality paper also tended to encourage people to give big donations of more than $100 so what's going on here I mean a lot of it has to do with visual signaling which we explained earlier but another possible reason for the success of the nicer envelopes is the rule of reciprocation we feel the need to return favors when someone goes out of their way to hand deliver an envelope to you you feel indebted to them we hate the feeling of being indebted or beholding to someone else so we often do outsid things to get rid of that feeling of obligation companies also exploit this when they offer free samples knowing customers will feel compelled to buy in one study at a California candy shop customers were 42% more likely to make a purchase when they were given free samples you'd think this happened because the customers liked the product but that wasn't the case here they usually bought other types of candies not the ones that they got free samples of and lastly we equate effort with quality when we see a higher level of effort put into something we assume that it's worthwhile if I tell you that I wrote this video in one day you might not think much of it but if I tell you I researched it for months and have 100 pages of extra notes you probably feel a lot more confident that what I'm saying is true when companies put in a bit of extra effort we appreciate it and feel more inclined to support them by the way if you want to access the full script with like 80 pages of extra notes and want to support the channel check out my patreon link down below so the rule of reciprocation can get a little bit manipulative but now we're really entering the danger zone of the BS Spectrum in Robert cini's book influence he describes a beij Jing restaurant chain that wanted to boost profits without any extra effort or cost they didn't want to Source better ingredients or improve their recipes or spend any any money on Advertising this sounds impossible right they tried labeling menu items Chef special or house recommendation with limited success but labeling menu items with two magical words made all the difference most popular sales went up by 13 to 20% without changing anything else that is social proof social proof is relying on others opinions to make choices especially when we don't have enough information to make an informed decision that's why marketers focus on what is highest rated or best selling they don't need to convince you that a product is good they just need to convince you that other people think it's good if you've read Amazon reviews or chosen a popular on Netflix show You' use social proof speaking of social proof you should subscribe to my Channel or don't do whatever the heck you want I don't even know why it's still say this but anyway social proof is Category 2 on the BS Continuum so let's talk about the way it can be manipulative or unethical first of all it's extremely easy for companies to fake this fake online reviews are pretty common same thing with fake testimonials Plus you're relying on someone else to do the research for you which can be extremely dangerous I mean check out Tom Brady here one of the greatest football players of all time endorsing FTX a cryptocurrency exchange that ended up being a huge fraud at least allegedly I don't know if it's proven yet where many investors lost everything involving Brady is a classic form of social proof but look at the tactics here y I'm in yeah sounds good I'm in I'm in Hey Arthur I quit even if Tom Brady doesn't convince you you've got all these other people saying I'm in you've got line cook surgeons plumbers women men all of various ethnicities and backgrounds this is very intentional social proof is even more effective on us when the people endorsing the product are similar to us if we see people similar to us doing something it doesn't just mean that it's a good idea it also means that it's possible for us to do it it seems more achievable it's similar to when Roger banister ran a mile in under 4 minutes banister trained for years to achieve that goal but once he did it other Runners followed suit just a few weeks later social proof manipulation happens in way more subtle ways as well like this ad with Selena Gomez and her makeup line notice the setting this is a massive brand that brings in like $60 million a year and Selena Gomez is an A-list celebrity you're telling me she can't afford a good microphone and some good lights I mean look at this one you think they accidentally just left the ruffled blanket on the couch by accident this is all by Design they're leveraging her star power and influence but they want to make her seem more relatable to you once again social proof is more effective when the people promoting the product seem like our peers this is why you need to be very skeptical about unrehearsed testimonials ads and tutorials like this so yeah social proof can be really manipulative but it isn't always bad online reviews and testimonials as long as they're verified can be incredibly useful and if a respected celebrity endorses a product their reputation is at stake Selena Gomez probably does really believe in her products and as a person with a following you live and die by your reputation for example when I'm picking a sponsor for my videos it's common for me to ask my friends what they think of it I teach product design at a university and at the beginning of every semester I ask my students to bring in their favorite products one of my best students actually happened to bring in this wallet by exra he said that he's owned this wallet for 3 years and it's still good as new so a few months later when exra approached me to sponsor this video I knew that I could endorse their product and good conscience build quality feels really solid and the cards are held securely in place the really cool thing about this wallet is the way that the cards fan out with the push of a button the slim profile is also really nice too I mean look at this giant wall in my pocket then compare that to the extra if you need more than five or six cards you can also add this super slim clip to the wallet everything is clean secure and organized to get your own extra wallet go check out the link in the description below and use code design at checkout for a 25% discount so anyway I put this tactic in Category 2 it definitely can be abused or it can be a good shortcut but there are bigger storms lubing Over the Horizon as we delve deeper into the BS Continuum here's where things get real designers and brand managers leverage the influence of authority in their messaging all the time in both explicit and subtle ways back in the'80s there was a really successful cough medicine ad confident man tells you Vic's Formula 44 will cure your cough the man is Dr Rick Weber a character from the hit TV show General Hospital the actor mentions he's not a doctor but he plays one on TV but that doesn't really matter with his tailored suit a confident demeanor and an authoritative voice he plays a very convincing doctor and Robert SE his book influence he shines a spotlight on this ad as an intriguing example of authority in advertising once again the actor wasn't a medical expert but that's why it's so crazy because viewers Associated him with his TV Doctor character the ad hit gold and it was a massive hit that ran for years this shows you how powerful Authority is in shaping our decisions you don't need to be a real Authority all you need is the aura of authority and people will follow you now using fake authority figures to shill cough medicine is pretty bad but it gets a lot worse medical experts started to make the connection between lung cancer and smoking by the 1930s in order to combat this sentiment Camel cigarettes created an ad in 1946 that featured doctors they created the tagline that would make modern-day fact Checkers heads explode more doctors smoke camels I mean can you imagine they don't just say the Bold claim they use every trick in the book to make doctors look like trustworthy authority figures there's a sea of white coats stethoscopes everywhere an Entourage of scholarly looking doctors puffing away and this is where the harmless facade of authority turns into a blatant cover up blurring the lines between reality and fiction now don't get me wrong I love a little creative Liberty remember the fake vents from earlier in the video but when it completely is misaligned with reality that's a problem especially when lives are at stake these are more explicit forms of showing Authority but a lot of the times it's even more subtle in the animal kingdom Size Matters it's common for animals to Puff themselves up to avoid combat mammals bristle their fur fish expand their fins and puff up birds flaunt their feathers the the goal is to appear larger and more dominant instead of risking it all in battle many animals turn to optical illusions to puff up their size and flex their Authority our human instincts aren't that different we're all hardwired to associate size with status and Authority ever been wowed by an apple launch event or gone to a store to see merchandise enshrined in glass cases brands are doing their own version of puffing up their feathers here these elements can craft illusions of grandeur and strength but it's important to look past that facade as seini says in his book just like fur fins and feathers these surface level elements masterfully project an air of substance and gravitas that may not actually be real bottom line next time you see a company flexing its Authority take a second look is there substance or is it just fluff now of course not all expert opinions or authority figures are bad sometimes all you need to do is ask yourself two questions number one is the person actually an authority figure in this space and number two what does this person gain by convincing us of this information now it's getting more serious category 4 and a bunch of hurricanes and this is a damaso panta it was bought for $2,500 in 1976 but just 2 years later the car's value skyrocketed to an astonishing $300,000 but why it was a terribly unreliable car suffered a lot of wear and tear and most intriguing of all were the bullet holes that pierced the steering wheel how does a used car with bullet holes in it sell for more than a 100 times its original price it all comes down to scarcity Elvis Presley the king of rock and roll was in a heated argument with his girlfriend Linda Thompson when Linda left Elvis stormed off and jumped into the car probably hoping to dramatically peel out of the parking lot but instead the car wouldn't start so in a moment of fiery passion he took his Colt 45 and shot at the steering wheel yes those bullet holes are the very Echoes of Elvis's Fiery Soul and this is where the scarcity principal takes Center Stage those bullet holes serve as an autograph they're a symbol of el is raw and Untamed Spirit captured forever in steel there's never going to be another Elvis so this panta isn't just a regular car anymore it's a canvas that captured a moment in the King's life this is a testament to how scarcity turns the ordinary into the extraordinary shout out to my buddy rafie for telling me about this story this is common with collectible items like coins limited edition Pokémon cards and even rare stamps but design and branding teams use the same principle of scarcity to sell you all kinds of things when booking.com first start Ed showing a limited number of hotel rooms at a given price people started snatching up rooms so fast that customer service thought it was a systems error but the increase in sales came from showing a limited Supply Shoppers who would normally be sort of on the fence about booking a room quickly turned into buyers things can get so competitive that people could often wait days to get a new pair of Nikes or the next iPhone it's no secret that we want what we can't have not only do we want the same item more when it's scarce but we want it more when we're in competition for it this is classic fear of missing out there's nothing wrong with actual scarcity If an item is not available because of supply chain or manufacturing issues that's understandable but in most cases there's no reason why Apple can't make more phones or fashion brands can't make more clothes in anticipation of a launch they intentionally create an extremely limited supply of shoes in order to create what is known as artificial scarcity artificial scarcity brings out some of our worst Tendencies logic flies out the window and everything is reduced down to one Basic Instinct greed in the same way that big authoritative branding flexes are like an animal instinctually puffing up their feathers artificial scarcity puts us into a primal Feeding Frenzy mindset we're operating on a very simple premise that is true most of the time things that are hard to get are often better than things that are easy to get this is a very general rule that holds true and that's why scar tactics are so effective it's also one reason why a lot of retail stores bring only a couple items out to the storefront at a time not being able to see all the items in stock gives you no indication of whether or not there are any left plus you might feel the need to reciprocate with the store clerk after they went through the trouble of finding the item for you it's so easy to get swept up into the frenzy of course the best way to combat this is to think to yourself do I actually want this thing because it's rare or do I just want it because I need it for its functional utility if it's the ladder you can calm down if it's the former try to assess it more calmly the bottom line is that scarcity and loss aversion are some of the most effective design and marketing tactics there are purely because of how emotionally triggering they are but it's nothing compared to the next level in the Continuum this isn't just any normal hurricane it's a category 5 feal Tempest let's talk about the great Nike barbecue of 2018 a roaring blaze of sneakers and corporate moral High Ground Nike he wanted to partner with Colin Kaepernick for an ad campaign Kaepernick was a very skilled American football player but he's probably most famous for taking a knee during the national anthem in order to bring attention to racial Injustice and police brutality Nike decided to make Kaepernick their spokesperson and created the tagline believe in something even if it means sacrificing everything after these incidents it isn't clear whether the NFL blacklisted him or if he quit on his own accord but one thing for certain is that he was a a very controversial figure so why would Nike sponsor such a controversial athlete potentially alienating a huge chunk of Their audience Nike was trying to build a sense of unity with a segment of its audience who agreed with the Kaepernick ad campaign this might not sound like much but I assure you it's a very very powerful technique in unified tribal groups there's a blurring between the self and others in your tribe neuroscientists have an answer to this phenomenon it turns out if you're asked to imagine yourself and someone from your tribe the same brain circuitry lights up so thoughts of self and tribe members blend together and suddenly your identities are interwoven like a tapestry inside your mind this doesn't happen with people who aren't tribe members unified tribal groups tend to act in solidarity with each other we like each other more we trust each other more and we're more likely to help each other out Brands know that if you view them as part of your tribe you'll be far more likely to buy their products so with Nike it's really not about the shoes or the clothes the swoosh is just a banner under which the tribe for racial equality and social justice gathers they made themselves part of the tribe's Fabric and suddenly everyone wears Nike as if it's the uniform of social change the purchase of a product is like a ticket into a club when you buy a product for Better or For Worse you're making a statement to yourself and to the outer World about what you believe in it's a social signaling device even the choice to actively avoid it and not participate in it is its own kind of signaling device for example driving a Tesla is basically a signaling device that you're part of the in group of young ambitious wealthy Tech workers Patagonia is another similar signal of environmental Consciousness even my leather jacket did I ever tell you that this here jacket represents a symbol of my individuality and my belief in personal freedom it's all social signaling so what about the people who disagreed with the ad campaign well remember how I called this the Nike barbecue of 2018 lots of people hated this ad and they decided to post about it on Twitter a domain where rationality takes a back seat and outrage has its foot firmly planted on the gas pedal people were boycotting Nike by burning shoes they've already paid for in the end this outrage was just a bunch of free publicity for Nike Plus the people who agreed with Nike's views doubled down and unified with their tribal group if you know about the unity principle this makes perfect sense an attack on the brand is a personal attack on the individuals who support the brand all said and done this resulted in $ billion in profits for Nike That's The Power of unity and tribalism but when companies jump into social causes it's worth pondering how genuine it is because at the end of the day companies exist to make profits you could make an argument that they're trying to build awareness For A Cause but I'm very skeptical Nike doesn't exactly have the greatest track record when it comes to working conditions and if it wasn't profitable to sponsor Kaepernick Nike would find a way to drop him Nike is certainly not the only company to use the unity principle either you've got Chick-fil-A Gillette Jeremy's chocolate Pepsi Black Rifle Coffee Company Dove soap Patriot mobile all on varying ends of the political Spectrum if we take Chick-fil-A as an example the fast food chain has been known for its stance on lgbtq issues and support for organizations that oppose same-sex marriage but in 2019 they announced that they would no longer donate to these organizations mostly because of public pressure companies are only going to Champion a cause for as long as it's profitable other companies have been following suit with varying levels of success Nike's ad was relatively tasteful whereas other ads have faced considerable backlash and a huge plummet in sales things get dangerous for a brand when they inject themselves into a cultural political or environmental issue outside of their expertise and understanding when companies take this route they have to be really tactful in the way they approach it because it can easily be exposed for what it is an advertisement meant to sell you a product but most of the time companies that use the unity principle are a lot more subtle about it in fact most of the time it has nothing to do with politics at all I mean let's look at the Selena Gomez makeup ad again this isn't just social proof it's a calculated move to evoke the unity principle forging a connection that makes you feel as if you and Selena are in the same tribe watch the intro Papa you're in my video I pranked you it's almost like she's casually spending a day with her family and she's in a homey setting that mirrors the everyday life of her target audience a bit later she says this I wanted to create a line where it was a for people like me it doesn't get more obvious than that I mean Selena wants you to think to yourself she's one of us it's a lot more subtle than the politically charged ads but when you feel that Bond you're more likely to trust and support each other Selena's marketing team is banking on that now look I'm going open-minded guy if finding purpose in your preferred brand or makeup or shoes or cars makes you happy that's great but let's remember that brands are not benevolent Protectors of values they're in it for the money purchases have meaning but nowhere to draw the line if you find yourself setting fire to your favorite shoes because you don't like the company's new ad you're probably taking it way too far same thing if you feel the need to defend a multi-billion dollar corporation on social media trust me they'll be fine without you no Brand's attempt at Unity is important enough to get worked up about that's exactly what they they want you to do anyway and that's why I find these techniques especially harmful essentially Unity tactics are used to build a cult with their Brand's values at the centerpiece of your world but brands are not a standin for real spiritual meaning or a sense of real Community now what if a brand told you they were manipulating you is this better or worse there's some companies that don't even hide the fact that they're basically building a cult it's as if these brands are playing 4D chess with our brains and while part ofy wants to give them Applause for their sheer audacity another part wonders if these companies are just laughing at us for being so gullible let's dive into the deep end with liquid death a name that suggests some sort of horrifically cheap liquor or maybe just poison but no liquid death is just plain water encased in a can that looks like it was ripped straight out of an 80s metal bands merchandise store as a commodity this is as basic as it gets water covers 71% of the earth and somehow we found a way to Brand It liquid death branding is an exercise and absurdity that's so over the top you can't help but laugh at it they engages some seriously dark hum and the water is super fun to drink because the packaging looks like a beer can and yes I know how stupid that sounds but it's true it's really fun to drink they're not even trying to be subtle with manipulating you either their marketing VP is called the VP of cult indoctrination it's like they're saying yeah we're brainwashing you here's your cloak and cult membership card the real kicker is that it kind of works but is this brutal honesty in marketing genuine or just another layer of manipulation it's like they're Whispering we're in on the joke together but are we it's hard to say I do want to acknowledge that liquid death is actually pretty good water their claims are in line with reality which makes it feel a lot more authentic and they also take a portion of profits and donate it to cleaning up Plastics in the ocean I have to say liquid death's brand of honesty is both ridiculous and kind of brilliant it's like they've harnessed the raw energy of 100 internet trolls to sell us water my only critique is that their claims about their environmental friendliness are a little bit dubious yes aluminum is very recyclable and plastic bottles are worse for the environment but I wouldn't say aluminum cans are good for the environment drinking tap water is generally going to be a better option than any packaged water I wanted to bring this up because I think that in order for a brand to be low on the BS Spectrum its claims need to be as in line with reality as possible but besides that liquid death is actually pretty low on the BS Spectrum in despite of being completely over the top they mostly do back up just about everything they say but remember it's still just water in a fancy can some companies take it a step further not only by making it clear that they're trying to manipulate you and build a cult falling but also making fun of you for it dbrand has a Manifesto book where they openly admit that it's just a giant piece of propaganda and they're practically patting you on the back for being stupid enough to buy it I mostly bought it for this video though at least that's what I tell myself as if that wasn't enough they even have an extortion portal where you can just send them money and get nothing back in return I could tell you what dbrand sells but honestly does it really even matter and as if that wasn't crazy enough cars Against Humanity sold over 30,000 boxes of actual BS like actual poop from a bull mailed it to customers and made over $180,000 from it it was meant to be a commentary on unnecessary spending in our consumer culture but it's not hard to see the irony here so why does this work well here's the thing the best companies understand that branding and design is about creating meaning remember we don't value things we value what they mean to us check out this lowly $1 bill there's a way to make this $1 bill worth more than $1 if you somehow manage to Corner Bill Gates and Warren Buffett in an elevator and ask them to scribble their names on this thing the value of this is Multiplied significantly we attach meaning to things through symbolism and storytelling this is what company branding capitalizes on a brand is like an autographed dollar it adds value through the stories and symbols associated with it people don't just buy the product they buy into the story the product represents all of the objects and things in our lives are like repositories of meaning good brands understand this and sometimes all it takes is one descriptive word to change everything it's why liquid death doesn't just say that their product is water it's Mountain water from the Austrian Alps the Austrian Alps has an entire Legacy and Vivid History attached to it a description or a label directs a person's attention towards certain features in a product and helps bring out a certain Concept in our mind the nature of our attention affects the nature of our experience this goes Way Beyond just names it can encaps at an entire Brand's ethos at the end of the day is Apple selling metal electronic rectangles or are they selling tools that allow you to express yourself creatively is Nike just selling foot protection or are they allowing you to reach your full athletic potential each version of these stories are true to varying degrees but some companies take it way too far for my personal taste I mean apparently this Pepsi logo is based on Earth's magnetic fields and gravitational pull and if that's true great I'm all for expressing ideas in a subtle way using visual hand but after a certain point it just comes off as psychotic overanalyzing so is there a problem here I mean it depends adding meaning to things isn't necessarily A Bad Thing and our mental shortcuts exist for a reason they're insanely effective a person in the modern era has to make 35,000 decisions in a day Meanwhile we're so overwhelmed that we're like cats in a laser pointer disco frantically chasing everything while catching nothing when we're stressed tired or distracted we just don't have the time to analyze every little detail so we tap into the mental shortcuts like Authority scarcity etc etc to help us make decisions this is why good photography matters it's why having three stripes on a toothpaste matters it's why good packaging and good design and good branding matters when these mental shortcuts are based on reliable information it's great but as you've seen designers and brand managers try to exploit these shortcuts for their own gain they'll use counterfeit evidence or Shady tactics to make us buy their products under false pretenses so why does this even happen I mean it's easy to say that the employees and owners of these companies are evil Psychopaths and maybe that's true some of the time but I think it's a gross oversimplification most of the individuals inside the companies that I've worked with were genuinely good people and they cared about doing the right thing a few things you're likely to hear anytime employees are having an argument inside of a boardroom are questions like what's best for the customer what's best for the local community or even what's best for the planet these are all Noble causes but teams often can't come to an agreement on these goals it's not uncommon for teams within companies to have conflicting or even opposing goals the one common ground is that they both work at the company and they want it to be successful so they turn to a question that's much more straightforward much easier to measure and far more Sinister what's best for the company as soon as we ask that question it's all over because the answer is always whatever is going to make the company the most money a company is just a machine existing as its own independent abstract entity they optimize profits at all costs sometimes at the expense of their employees the planet and the End customer companies demand constant scale and growth even in Humane mission-driven companies when push comes to shove we need to be able to support our family we want to buy a house we want stability in our lives if the decision is between feeding your family versus stretching the truth a little bit most people are going to choose the latter like many issues that I see in companies the problem is rooted in fear this is a tough problem to solve but one thing I found is that if you don't live in fear you can act more authentically sometimes as a designer it can be hard for me to figure out whether I'm being manipulative with my design work or not one thing that helped me was to define manipulation more clearly within this context manipulating is influencing someone for your benefit without their consent contrast this with educating someone educating someone is influencing someone for their benefit with their consent you want to educate not manipulate I first heard this from my friend Anan and I think it's a good guideline for checking my own behavior I'm from perfect but as a designer I think this is a good question to ask yourself every once in a while Commerce is an inescapable reality but we can still try to leave a legacy behind that's not only prosperous but also kind compassionate and wise branding and design can definitely stretch the truth but it's like a magic show there's a lot of smoke and mirrors it's okay if the audience is in on the joke and suspends their disbelief in order to enjoy the show it's only a problem when companies try to trick you into thinking it's real magic so I've saved the best for last what is the most BS brand what is the brandeston and satire the Pinnacle of human achievement the shirt to end all shirts the shirt t-shirt it's like branding took a long look in the mirror and had an existential crisis in a world The Branding Illusions this t-shirt is the mirror that says look at you buying that shirt and you splendidly self-aware retort yes indeed I am but there's more with the curing off by just a bit this shirt will make designers flee in fear this is not just clothing it's designer repellent want to clear the room at a hipster design Gathering faster than setting a rooma loose with a chainsaw tape to it this is the shirt for you if you want the full experience of a shirt with proper letter spacing you can get the correctly cerned t-shirt for just $2 more that is a bargain for good design now for those of you who are serious about good design I offer you the fancy font shirt like many other designer Brands the mere presence of a fancy logo increases the value considerably for $500 wait 500 hold on for $50 the fancy font shirt has a font so Exquisite it might as well be forged from the tears of Georgio Armani himself sometimes that's all it takes to elevate the value of a commodity slap a designer logo and boom you need a mortgage for your T-shirt and the Crown Jewel of the entire shirt t-shirt line I present to you the design Theory Galactic glyphs t-shirt it says shirt but it's in a madeup alien language that's right I created an entire alien language just for this t-shirt line this shirt doesn't just say shirt on it if you look closely there's a message underneath this font is so fancy you can't even read it without a special decoder that is only deci aable by the design Theory fanatical tribe I'm only selling 20 of these and at $100 I promise you'll be rewarded for your trust in the design Theory cult I mean brand in the design Theory brand maybe there's a cryptic message that will reward you for your efforts what will you find wisdom Fortune perhaps after you buy this shirt which you will not regret believe me just DM me your order number on Instagram for the decoder and become part of the unified design Theory tribe now here's the deal for all the shirts I'm only selling them for the next 40 days once they're gone they're gone I don't have time to manage sales for longer than that I'm only one person and I need to focus on my other design work that isn't completely insane if you like these videos the purchase helps me to continue to make more of them go click the link in the description or head to design theory. store Adorn yourselves in the fabric of irony and rebellious kerning as always you're free to do as you wish I'll still appreciate you no matter what and on the note of appreciation big shout out to my patrons and Discord for helping me with this video If if you want to support the channel another way besides buying t-shirts that are completely insane check out my patreon you get access to over 80 pages of my research from this video research notes from past videos special updates and you'll eventually enable me to create more Niche content that's tailored to exactly what you and I want to talk about rather than what's going to get the most views the link for the patreon is in the description have a great day everyone [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChosenOneWon [1 likes]: Okay Ladies and Gentlemen... let US step into the classroom shall we?!... Marketing companies aka illuminati falsehood brotherhood motherf*ckers INVEST billions into "marketing"... why... TO STEAL from YOU... It all goes waaay back to Adam and Eve... Satan DECEIVED both Adam and Eve through the conception of something that looks "pretty and enticing"... Marketing companies are out of "business" when people begin to wake up and smell the roses hahahahaha... WE have all been LIED to all our lives... Talk about "control"... f*ck that sh*t... I AM a WILD Brumby wild horse outside of the MATRIX... Robin Hood motherf*ckers hahahahaha... CHOSEN ONE44K magic... 🌟😎👑
  2. @DigitalDisplaySolutionProvider [1 likes]: As a skilled AI shopping assistant, a dedicated electronic salesperson on permanent duty, an experienced digital promoter, and an untiring smart narrator, the intelligent interactive display system delivers product information quickly and accurately through smart presentation. It reduces labor costs for enterprises or supermarkets, significantly alleviates inventory pressure, increases sales through technology-driven new retail, attracts customers' attention, and enhances corporate image.
  3. @pratibhachorwade3769: 🔥
  4. @secondnature06: There's nothing strange about this. Every brand is made with the intention of exploiting our psychology.
  5. @otterelise1754: wtf is this pseudoscience bs lmfaooooo why was this on my feed
  6. @Dream_green_build_in2_the_blue: I want to come back to this video 
Can someone please like my comment?
  7. @sweetcandy802: I think I need to watch this like at least. 10 times to really grasp it.
  8. @sweetcandy802: What university do you teach product design?
  9. @Ha-ari-qp8en: although i have ADHD i was extremely focus on  this video with my all five senses therefore  i think you are an amazing teacher i appreciate efforts :face-red-heart-shape::face-red-heart-shape:
  10. @skerr44491: Here in 2026, wondering how the ironically ironic merch sales went.
  11. @annettegustafson1435: Dude, you need someone to design a better hairstyle for you
  12. @cashclay20: mans said these tactics could be shady then hits us with a combo of all the tactics lol. i love this
  13. @muhammadfaishalrachman72: good content and good channel dude, just like the why files, but it focused on design, nice
  14. @michaelritter6004: After 2020 I threw out all Nike products and wouldn’t buy anything Nike for my kids and still don’t .
  15. @CAVEMANsean: Virgil Abloh did the "shirt" thing like 7 years before this video lol
  16. @111Xumi111: 21:00 lol i needed to buy some monitors for work and the cheaper option had only unit in stock and i needed 3, all from the same store...i quick call and they had more in stock. Now i wonder if it was just bad stock tracking or it was to "bump up" the "sale/offer"... (still it was the cheaper option at the time)
  17. @cristianatheodora: the romanian ad :))))))))))))) i can t
  18. @imvivalamilo: 6:04 The body lines on cars are to make them aerodynamic, either to produce downforce on performance cars or to help with fuel efficiency on regular cars. Rim designs on the other hand are supposed to help suck the heat off of the brakes so they don’t overheat, kind of like a reverse ceiling fan
  19. @JayaBanik-y4l: Very nice video
  20. @Nexoraonyt: When the video is packed with so  much value, you do not notice the length. 
You got me hooked all 40 minutes.

- How luxury brands do marketing | 24 Anti-Laws of Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en Quick question: Is Gucci a luxury brand or a premium brand? Speaking of luxury brands, some brands might pop up in your mind And many people differentiate luxury brands by price but is it correct? What makes luxury brands so special and irreplaceable? Are there any rules of being luxury brands? What is the difference between luxury, premium and fashion strategy? You’ll figure that out via this episode. Hi everyone! Welcome to fashion brief! This episode I would introduce luxury marketing strategy This will be a general guide for you to differentiate brands by brand positioning The information is based on a book called the luxury strategy. Written by 2 scholars Vincent Bastien/ Jean-Noël Kapferer are internationally recognized thought leaders on brand and luxury management and both of them are professors at HEC Paris. This is actually a book that opened the world of luxury for me So I think it is also necessary for you to know If you are interested in the book, I also put the link below. According to the question I asked the beginning, are there any special rules of being a luxury brand? Yes there is. There are some laws of marketing in luxury It is called anti-laws of marketing There are 24 of them However, personally I do not everything can be applied to the current situations now when we observe from what the luxury big names are doing For example, Louis Vuitton the brand in my point of view is playing on the edge of the laws For either style or collaboration with streetwear brands But I mean if they are one of the pioneers of luxury brands What can we say? Maybe they are also redefining the meaning of luxury Let’s figure that out! Luxury brands are dream builders. Speaking of luxury brands We really need to forget about ‘positioning’ because they are not comparative In comparison to premium brands although they are also in a higher-level positioning They tend to leak information of some functions in their marketing strategy Premium strategy is about pay more get more Functionality is key because it enables consumers to benchmark and compare with different functionalities and brands For me, the best example of premium brand is Hugo boss Hugo boss’s brand strategy is divided into 2 sub brands namely HUGO and BOSS HUGO is young and hipster while BOSS is more mature and premium I have to say plenty of brands set their brand strategy in between luxury and premium strategy Sometimes it is not easy to differentiate Also although luxury products are expensive with high quality They are not flawless I think this example should be interesting, namely “watches” There are two sorts of watches which are mechanic & quartz The biggest flaw of mechanic watches is that it's not as accurate as quartz watches Why do people still buy mechanical watch? People buy it because of its craftsmanship Speaking of advertising, the role of advertising in the luxury context is not to sell Namely they usually provide or demonstrate a pure visual Instead of emphasizing on some functionalities of some products Take the Cartier ad for instance you can see there’s only one panther in the middle With a red classic Cartier box This is really obvious that they are not trying to sell any products Because there is no product in the ad Rather they showcase just an image representing the Cartier spirit So what's the aim of advertising in luxury? The aim is to build up brand awareness of course And also keep reminding consumers that this is the dream you are chasing for Luxury customers are normally educated customers. They are ready to pay more... but getting much more. Luxury sets the price, price does not set luxury This is also the reason why people misunderstand expensive products are luxury goods It really depends on the brands’ positioning and strategy In luxury when an imagined price is higher than the actual price, it creates value Normally if we don’t have an idea of the price range for luxury brands We might guess it in a higher price level than its actual price And this is exactly the endeavor that luxury brands are doing to make us feel the products are valuable If you have the experience of buying luxury goods You might notice that the price will be raised by certain percentage every year By doing so, luxury brands are also creating even more value for the products Luxury strategy is mainly about value creation, namely building up dreams Dreams have a dimension of non-accessibility yet remaining at a close distance Hence, it is important to create an approachable dream Now you might notice that luxury brands are independent from the market They are walking on their own way “Don’t follow anyone” is exactly the motto of luxury brands The brand itself is everything And there are lots of don’ts “Do not test Do not look for consensus Do not look after group synergies” And there are some interesting don’ts that are really against how the market works Don’t pamper your customers’ wishes Don’t reply to rising demand Luxury brands need to lead the market and consumers not the other way around. Due to the fact that luxury brands put themselves in the center Chances are high that celebrities might outshine the brand in the ad This is what luxury brands want to prevent at all cost Just keep stars out of advertising When we think about certain luxury brands for example Prada, Tods, Bottega Venetta They are from Italy It might be easy for us to connect the country of origin of the brands So now you understand why luxury brands are not leaving their origin Because it is really impoortant for them Now let’s talk a little bit about art Normally the connection between art and luxury is close As we know that luxury brands don’t like to follow anyone and prefers to be the curator of taste They seek to be creative, bold and different Hence, its decision to stay away from popular art Instead, it gravitates towards art that suggests timelessness such as classical art Now I have a question in between What kind of consumer do luxury brands like the most? Enthusiasts! That’s why luxury brands are making every effort to keep the non-enthusiasts out Because they need someone who share wholeheartedly with their values Well although luxury brands like enthusiasts, they tend to lower the accessibility I’m not so sure whether you heard the story that it’s actually not easy to purchase some of the luxury goods Take Hermes bag as an example you actually need to be qualified by the brand until you are be able to buy the bags from Hermes Because the customers luxury brands want are those who really understand the brand or product However, it is also important to communicate to those whom you are not targeting Luxury has two value facets – luxury for oneself and luxury for others To sustain the latter facet, there should be many more people that are familiar with the brand than those who could possibly afford to buy it for themselves There, the distinction between luxury, fashion and premium strategy of prestige brands operating on the luxury market is crucial Since the purchase needs time and effort to be deserved I will talk a bit more about the relationship between luxury brands and internet in the following episodes So now from my explanation you might notice that not every brand follows purely luxury, premium or fashion strategy It is normal that they combine these strategies together by sticking to a core strategy I think the digitalization and the change of consumer behaviour Force the brands to be more flexible Let’s go back to the unanswered question: I would say since the inauguration of the new creative director – Alessandro Michele The brand is heading toward luxury strategy Want to hear more why I would say Gucci is now heading more to luxury strategy? Stay tuned to future episodes for futher analysis! That’s basically it If you like my video, please give me a like and subscribe my channel Tell me about whether you agree with these laws or not Also, share with me what kind of analysis you are interested in! See you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @edeveux [2 likes]: You are great! Many thanks for sharing your opinions and advices!
  2. @elianamckee [1 likes]: Brilliant! Thank yoy
  3. @davedkukis [1 likes]: Such a nice explanation. Love it
  4. @aniruddhabhowmick-v3x [1 likes]: Excellent
  5. @rajendra.uppal.1 [1 likes]: Very useful video but you could have spared the background music or kept it low. It’s annoying.
  6. @Amit_Rungta: It was the music for me that kept me stick to the video, calm my mind down and feel the luxury. Can someone please help me with the name of music please?
  7. @patallen1901: Bro, music is way too loud. It’s hard to focus on you.
  8. @tirthvira7054: I don't know about the content because I couldn't watch more than 1 minute. The music is very distracting and annoying. Please remove it in future videos. If the content is good, people don't need music to ease its digestion. They will watch till the end.
  9. @hanhaichen: Very inspiring, appreciated
  10. @niyazdeen06: Background sound is disturbing your voice.
  11. @MaisonFonzeus: Great video, but please work on the audio ( better quality, and less noise in the background/music ) you sound great, just enfatize. ❤️
  12. @olakanmiboluwatife9956: i got a job with an high end brand and i must say this is a helpful information
  13. @elianamckee: Does this work for cosmetics and luxury?
  14. @Femme.Feminine: 🩶 No more settling
  15. @julie15957: Great video but yes, I agree the music is too loud.
  16. @Khanyotoo: The music interferes with the presentation so it would need to be softer.
  17. @meghanaraju6784: background music is so overpowering
  18. @thenoddyedits: hey, there are multiple flaws in your video. and i think i can help with that
  19. @spiritualcosmeticss: Music too loud
  20. @JesusisKing1285: The information was good, but the background music was too loud and distracting. It would be nice if you used instrumental music only and turned it down so we can hear you.

- How to Use Psychology to Sell Luxury Items: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why a company like lauro Pian can sell a white linen shirt for £625 when you can get a perfectly functional linen Shir from somewhere like H&M for 16 bucks well the onset is linked to behavioral psychology and recognizing that selling luxury Creations requires a uniquely different set of skills than traditional selling my name is Paul Russell and if you're new to my videos I'm the managing director and co-founder of luxury Academy where I've had the privilege of collaborating with globally renowned luxury businesses helping them to forge meaningful relationships with high netw worth clients I'm going to take you behind the scenes of luxury selling focusing on the psychological aspects so you too can learn how to influence high no worth clients to buy from you now the first and I think perhaps the most important lesson is that luxury is all about desire you see desire is an intensely strong emotion and we as humans will do almost anything in its Pursuit it's desire that enables Brands like lauro piano to sell breathtaking expensive shirts as I mentioned in the introduction a huge mistake people often make is confusing Desire with needs and wants nobody needs to pay that much for a shirt that's why phrases like needs analysis within luxury annoy me so intensely because I don't need an S-Class Mercedes or an X7 BMW I may want one but that doesn't automatically convert to a sale now does it if you step back and look at luxury critically yes a Rolex watch is nice and the craftsmanship is beautiful but what do I need to watch for well to tell the time of course so a Casio or timx would do the same job the secret behind why I desire Rolex so badly is down to something called identity markers whether we like it or not luxury products are perceived as symbols of achievement money and social status thez barenberg is a fantastic example of an identity Mark it's one of the most sought after and expensive handbags in the wild and it's known for its Exquisite craftsmanship its luxurious material and its iconic status and despite its I wateringly high price tag which can range from thousands to hundreds of thousands of pounds demand for the burken B far exceeds its limited Supply owning the BG becomes part of your identity it tells a lot about how I want to project an image of myself to the world so I I suppose the burning question is how do you tap into that psychology and sell luxury well the best advice I can show is selling luxury is very much about creating an experience let let me explain High net worth clients hate sales people so typical High Street sales tactics where you may try to convince a person they need an item simply won't work I think it's helpful to remember it this way a Supercar salesperson does not sell cars to rich people instead they help a high Networth client acquire the right vehicles for their lifestyle the two may sound similar sell and acquire but it's very different psychologically a jeweler doesn't help someone buy a bespoke CTI necklace instead they help them own it the key here is that you must sound and act like an expert not a salesperson High Networth clients are surrounded by experts all day every day another way to sell luxury is to harness the power of exclusivity as humans We crave exclusivity even in the most mundane things priority check-ins or priority boarding at airports Uber black over Uber X whe over Uber a great example of exclusivity is the Pinnacle of exclusivity the American Express Centurion card probably better known as the AMX black card now with a £10,000 joining fee and a 5,000 annual membership charge you may be surprised to learn that the card has pretty much the exact same functionality as the MX platinum card but as we now know it isn't about the need to have a credit card to pay for something it's all about the exclusivity of taking out a black AMX of which there are only a few thousand in the world if you want to sell luxury you must tap into this gving for exclusivity by creating experiences that reinforce something rare finally there's the emotional connection to a brand and how it makes you feel and this is created through the history and Heritage alongside the craftsmanship of course it all plays into an emotional narrative you have brands that are loud and proud like verace and Gucci they proudly plaster their logo and icon over everything in an attempt to scream to the world please look at me and then there are quieter GRS like Brunello Chell who managed to sell incredibly expensive products in a much more understated fashion let me get something off my chest there's a neest trend and I hear people talk about it a lot recently and that's affordable luxury let me be clear this is nonsense if a product of service can be afforded by the general population then it isn't luxury the lack of exclusivity will never trigger the parts of the brain that get a deep sense of satisfaction and let's be honest superiority that a real luxury product producer so to summarize the key takeaways luxury is about desire not needs and wants High net worth clients buy luxury as as symbols of achievement wealth and social status and we call these identity markers and if you want these clients to buy from you need to create an experience of exclusivity and you need to be an expert not a salesperson I hope you find this useful

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ammulu-f2o [10 likes]: I'm a property investor with 18 units. Our Edveros is the most requested unit in the portfolio every month. It's also the lowest-maintenance. The combination is unusual.
  2. @bw5187: high design high price
  3. @engrirfan2140: Luxury discounted is luxury killed
  4. @norbertprebeck2026: Luxurious exclusivity to achieve goods and services noone else does. Only a few will even recognize.
  5. @NamesDemeanUsBoth: Overly volumous musical accompaniment combined with your videographic presentation semaphores insecurity and uncertainty old chap.
  6. @russianhomecat: If you can afford it, you don’t crave it. “Luxury” only exists for poor. For the rich all these items just a commodity 😂.
  7. @LethalBubbles: scarcity is half empty thinking. scarcity is thinking about what others dont have. the half full way to think about it is status symbols. what does it say about you. the value of luxury isn't other people not having it. it is about you being the ohe that does. at that point it doesn't really matter what it is. luxury items are not a scam. Rolex can do many things Invicta can't, and thus is worth the price difference. But the function telling time is not one of those things.
  8. @PattersonTweed: I’ve never owned a luxury item but the understanding of the appeal is so interesting… sell it by the yard…
  9. @dreamcatcher75418: Not everyone is going to fall for a $600 boring white blouse. 🙄
  10. @shivaarandomguy: Ur bgm is annoying
  11. @pennypoohoothepollyjeanmiester: Nice commentary, scholarly  and not stuffy.
  12. @AboYahya-e7c2g: South island winters don't care about insulation claims. Our Edveros held through the whole season. Genuinely impressed.
  13. @shaiekahsultana1291: We were quoted 34 months by a traditional builder for a comparable spec. We moved into our Edveros in month 7 from contract signing. We've been here two years. Our original contractor is still building a different client's project started after ours.
  14. @PSPKSRT: Took my skeptical wife to see an Edveros in person. She's the one sending links to people now.
  15. @kuldeepthakur00KINGofTHAKUR75: Went with Edveros. 5 months. Moved in. My neighbour is still fighting with his contractor two years later.
  16. @GetahunSisay-g8d: My company uses our Edveros retreat as a client entertainment venue. The ROI — measured in client retention and new business — has exceeded any other hospitality investment we've made.
  17. @GajananGode-oi7cx: The Edveros build was the first time I've experienced construction without anxiety. No contractor calls to chase. No material delays to manage. No budget conversations to have. A fixed date, a fixed price, and a building at the end of it.
  18. @sweetie4915: I will soon begin a luxury business, and this is what I needed. Thank you!
  19. @BIGDOWNEYTV: i will be a multi millionaire real soon
  20. @kensandlin6121: I have found my place on the internet here, having been in luxury architectural sales for 35 years. This is excellent insight.

- Emotional Economics:  The Heart of eCommerce: Kind: captions Language: en You need to hear this if you're an emotional shopper. Yes, you. Every purchase you make, every swipe, every click, it's driven by emotion. We're all chasing pleasure and dodging pain. That morning coffee, it's a hug and a mug. New gadget, a thrill of excitement. But here's the kicker. Our emotional design plays a huge role. Are you a cautious saver or a daring spender? Our inner emotional needs shape our spending habits, right down to how we handle that crypto craze. Navigating this emotional maze is where Maiden Explorations comes in. We're all about helping you understand your emotional drivers in the digital economy. From impulsive buys triggered by FOMO to the careful planning of a riskaverse shopper, we've got insights to help you understand how your emotional wiring influences the decisions you make and the money you spend. So why not turn those emotional gaps into empowered decisions. Unlock the essence of your commerce choices with a personalized temperament assessment and explore the emotional economics of your desires with us. Ready to shop smarter? Let's reconnect you with your authentic self.

- Ecommerce - emotional and physical buyers explained.: Kind: captions Language: en Hi there guys. So in this video we'll be talking about emotional buyers and physical buyers. When it comes to e-commerce there are many advantages and disadvantages. So certain people when they buy online they are looking for a specific product maybe to keep long-term. Some people are looking for a specific product maybe to keep shortterm. So in this concept I'll be explaining about emotional buyers. Yeah. So when you're selling your product it's good that you differentiate. Yeah. Don't be selling the same product as other competitors. What I mean by that it will give you a big chance where you can dominate your market by being different. Yeah. Another second thing is uh try and always offer better value for money. So there are some products what can be bought by being by themsel or there are some products what can be bought by being bundled by other items. So what do we do? We add value. When you add value to a product, it will give you money's value and it will make you different to other competitors, which is in favor that customers are most likely to buy your product because it's different. So in another way, emotional buyers, they might want to buy a product long-term. What I mean by this uh yeah so when you comes to picking up your product or deciding which product to sell make sure your product can be used longterm and also in another way if it cannot be used longterm let's choose the product what can be bought back and forth and if somebody can buy it next month somebody can buy it maybe the same person can come back and buy it again in 3 months. So that's going to be keeping customers. Okay. Then for part two, physical buyers. Physical buyers are people what buy products without not bothering whether the product's different or what the product does or what the product has to offer. So a physical product uh it can attract a buyer who's looking for a quick solution. So what I mean by this by physical buyers um they don't really care what the product does. Somebody might be looking for um a garden light or somebody can be looking for just a simply display or somebody can be looking at a bookshelf. When it comes to looking at certain things, they don't care what the product looks like. They just want to buy certain things. But there are disadvantage to this thing because that means you'll be selling pretty much the same thing what other people can sell and so your product can be easily be sourced in the market and then that's going to affect your margins. So usually physical buyers uh when it comes to the products what they buy is their products they don't have much better margins which it means uh there will be a lot of uh prize wars. So what I mean by prize wars is you'll be selling something for $20, then a competitor comes, they can easily downgrade and offer $15. When you see this sort of behavior in the market, it means that people can offer peanuts for your product what you're selling. So, that's going to uh the odds are going to be against you because buyers can buy your product way below market value. So, you're selling it for $20, then they can buy it for $15. So, being a physical buyer or selling products where physical buyers can easily buy, it's not good because it's going to affect your profit margins. then you won't be able to make as much money as you can.

- 15 Psychological Marketing Triggers to MAKE PEOPLE BUY From YOU!: Kind: captions Language: en - In this episode, I'm gonna unpack 15 different psychological triggers and cognitive biases that we, as marketers, use on a pretty much daily basis to help influence and persuade and guide people in the direction that we want, which is typically to buy stuff. Now, if you have a business and want to get more customers, more clients, and more sales, these will help. And if you work for a business and want to get them more customers, more clients, and more sales, well, these will help. And if you've ever shopped at a business, well, these cognitive biases and psychological triggers are important for you to know so you can arm yourself against unethical and unscrupulous marketers trying to sell you things you just don't need. But I must say these principles, these psychological triggers and these cognitive biases are so powerful that even when you know they're actively being used against you, you still can't stop 'em, like some kind of weird marketing magnet that just draws you in and takes all your money. All right, so let's get to it. All right, so the first psychological trigger cognitive bias that you need to be aware of is something known as the halo effect. Essentially, the halo effect is really just a fancy term for that first impression bias, or the fact that the first impression that you have with a brand or a business or a person, well, it's going to influence all of your future interactions with that brand or person or business, and is gonna influence them a lot. Basically that first impression, that first exposure to a message or a person or a brand or a business is so heavily weighted that it's going to color and influence and really direct all of your attitudes and beliefs and understandings about this person and about this business moving forward and well into the future even, even if they're wrong. This is why as marketers, it is incredibly important to really make sure that you're evaluating all of your marketing, specifically those first touch points, those first interactions that someone could have with your brand or with your business, and really make sure that you're putting your best foot forward. But there's another advantage as well to really making sure that you're making a positive first impression with someone, and that is that it's going to buffer against any future possible negative experiences. And really that's where a lot of brand loyalty comes in, is that if you're able to get the relationship started on a really solid foundation and really get it started on that right foot, well, it's going to help protect if something just doesn't go quite right, moving forward. Your client, your customer, are still going to perceive you and your brand and your business as more positive overall if that first impression worked out well. Thank you, halo effect. All right, and while on the topic of first impressions, the next cognitive bias we need to take a look at is the serial position effect. The serial position effect essentially just says that the very first piece of information and the very last piece of information are going to be taken and remembered and viewed as far more important than basically everything else in the middle. This is why as a marketer, I'm so obsessive about the customer journey and about the marketing funnel and really dialing in not just every step, but specifically that first step where we're putting our foot forward, a lot of stuff about feet today, and introducing ourselves in the best way possible with a strong message and a really clear call to action, as well as that final piece of the puzzle, that final call to action that gets them to essentially take some kind of purchasing or buying decision or whatever it is that's in your conversion funnel. In fact, I'm using the serial position effect right now. It's the reason that I started out this video with the halo effect because I know that it's an important one for you to remember, and it's going to help to guide you and sort of push you in the direction of prioritizing your marketing, really making sure it's dialed in, and then I'm gonna wrap it all up with what I believe is one of the most important things that you need to be aware of as well so that it sticks in your memory. And on the topic of creating memorable experiences and things that are actually going to stick with and resonate with your clients. Well, it leads us to the next psychological trigger, or cognitive bias known as the recency effect. The recency effect essentially just says that we as humans, well, we tend to give higher weight or more authority or more importance to the most recent bit of information that we've received rather than all the stuff we've heard before. This is the reason that one of the core strategies or core principles behind pretty much everything I do when I'm creating strategic marketing campaigns comes down to ways of increasing frequency and increasing touch points, and essentially increasing the recency or how recently someone saw or heard or engaged with some kind of marketing content. To put this in perspective, let's just say that we're thinking about your client or your customer out there living their lives doing their thing, and you've got your business and your competitor's business both trying to get in front of them, both trying to win their business. Well, if one of you is going to be creating more content, more marketing, and more messages, there's a higher chance that they're going to see these things more recently, which is going to impact their decision making and essentially evaluate the information they get more recently as more valuable. I think that all made sense. Basically, if they see your stuff most recently, they're gonna think it's more important, but there's another way that you can take advantage of that cognitive bias and turn it up a notch, making it even more effective with our next psychological trigger known as the mere exposure effect. Essentially, what the mere exposure effect says is that the more somebody sees something, the more familiar they are with it, the more often you're appearing in front of your clients and in front of your customers, well, the more they're going to naturally like you and trust you, both of which are unsurprisingly incredibly important to build a solid and sustainable business. So by trying to appear more often in front of your customers and in front of your clients, you kind of get to kill two birds with one stone. What a terribly morbid analogy. You get to show up more recently, meaning that they're going to trust your message and view it as more important and holding more weight, and you're also gonna take advantage of the mere exposure effect by showing up more often, which naturally leads to an increase in likability and trust. This is why when it comes to marketing, more really is more, especially if we're trying to increase frequency and increase touch points. Now, this doesn't mean you need to create completely unique content across all of the different platforms. You can reshare and recycle and take away pieces from different parts and share it on different networks and automate the entire process so the whole thing happens on autopilot behind the scenes, but you do need to do it, and this means a little bit of groundwork right up front to set up the whole system, and then it can serve you for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come. All right, now let's hit our next one, which is all about loss aversion. This one is relatively simple and should come as no surprise that people hate missing out on stuff. FOMO, or the fear of missing out, that's real. This is why one of the most important and one of the most valuable tools that you have at your disposal as a business owner, an entrepreneur or a marketer, is using some form of scarcity or urgency or essentially some kind of incentive that's going to disappear if they don't take action and take action soon. What this means is setting some kind of deadline or some kind of limited supply. Obviously, make it real, make it genuine, make it authentic. There's no room for fake deadline timers or any of that nonsense here, but given the option of taking action now or putting it off until later, most people put it off until later and typically later means never. All right, next, let's take a look at the compromise effect. Now, the compromise effect essentially just says that well, people are busy and got a lot of decisions to make, and often it's hard, if not impossible to evaluate all kinds of different selections and options and criteria, so if given the choice, they'll tend to compromise. What this means for you is that if you have a product or a service or something you're trying to sell, well, you're typically better to break it into two or three different options, maybe a low priced option, a middle priced option, and then a high priced option. The key here is to put the one that you want to sell most in the middle as the compromise option essentially, because this is the one that's going to get the most clicks, the most traction, and the most sales. There's an added bonus as well in that by having a higher priced option, well, you're gonna capture 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the premium option and 10 to 20% of the market that always wants the budget friendly or more economical option, and there's a way you can make that middle option, the compromise option, even more appealing simply by labeling it most popular, which takes advantage of the bandwagon effect, but I'm getting ahead of myself. We'll get to that in just a second. The other way to make that middle price option seem that much more valuable and that much more of a good deal is by putting that higher priced option, well quite a bit higher and taking advantage of a principle known as anchoring. Essentially, what anchoring does is it takes advantage of the first piece of information or the first price that someone sees as kind of a a mental anchor that they're going to use to compare all future prices or future options against. This is why if the first price that you can present to someone is incredibly high or incredibly expensive, well, everything that comes after that is gonna seem a whole lot more budget friendly, a whole lot more approachable. Plus, when comparing things side by side, let's say you do have those three different priced options, and the high priced option, which was anchored first is just incredibly high priced, well, it'll make that compromise option seem like a really, really good deal. Plus anchoring like most of the psychological triggers and cognitive biases I'm sharing with you here today, well, there's a little bit of overlap between the serial position effect, which gives more weight to the first and last pieces of information someone sees, as well as the recency effect, which is the most recent piece of information that someone's heard. Basically, with anchoring, like with the serial position, or with the recency effect, people tend to be a little overreliant on this kind of information, which again, biases their future decision making. Okay, let's move on to the next one, which is all about choice overload. So in the previous couple examples, we talked about three different options, low price, middle price, high price, but what if you wanna go more? What if you want all the prices, all the choices, all the options? Well, you may be shooting yourself in the foot. This is because when we have too many choices, well, essentially we limit the odds or the chances of someone doing any of them at all, and if they do take action, it's more likely they're gonna be disappointed with the choice that they made. It's the ultimate lose-lose where they're unlikely to make a choice, and if they do make a choice, they just ain't happy. Now, there are a number of studies that go over this. The most famous one is the jam tasting study where they laid out a ton of different jams and they laid out just a few different jams, and when they laid out all of the choices, very few people bought, and when they laid out just a few different kinds of jams many people bought. As a marketer, your job is to eliminate the confusion, to simplify things for your customer and for your client, not because they're not smart and unable to do the thinking for themselves, but because they are smart and the way that their brains naturally work will be to overanalyze and over process things, which will often lead to inaction. So that's where you step in. You design a customer journey, you think through the process, through the choices they would need to have, the information they need to receive at every stage, and then you design the marketing funnel, or the sales funnel or to help walk them through every single step. All right, next up, we have the framing effect. This, I guess like all of them, is kind of another favorite and one that I use pretty much every single day, which is essentially just framing or positioning your offer or your message in a way that makes it more attractive to the person that you're trying to talk to. Here's the classic example that's often used to describe the framing effect. Let's imagine for a second that you've recently been diagnosed with a terrible medical condition. Sorry to hear. This isn't a very fun exercise. And two doctors come to sort of lay out the options and let you know what the odds of success are for a couple different kinds of treatments. Doctor A says, well, with proper treatment, you have an 80% chance of recovery, going on to live a happy, normal life. Doctor B comes in and says, there's a 20% chance that it's not gonna work out so well for you, and we better start making final plans. Now, here's the thing. Both of these pretty much said the exact same thing, 80% chance of recovery or a 20% chance of death, and yet because they were framed in the possibility of a recovery versus being framed as a a very negative outcome, well, most people, like lot of most people, well, they went with Dr. A. This is why it's important when you're creating your marketing message that you're framing things appropriately in a way that connects with your clients and with your customers, and yes, of course talks about their problems and their pains and their frustrations, but also frames them in a way, kind of spins and positions them in a way where success and a solution is possible and is possible for them. After all, one of the biggest and most important lessons in all of marketing is that it's always about the client. It's always about the customer. It's always about who you're speaking to, what their needs are, what their pains are, what their frustrations are, and how you can communicate the solution to them, and on the topic of them and the people you're trying to serve, we'll move on to the next cognitive bias, which is the IKEA effect. The IKEA effect is an amazing phenomenon where essentially people just value things more when they get to play a part in its creation. The classic study that was done on this is they had a group of participants built a bunch of little Lego creatures, little bionicals. Anyway, people built these things and then were asked to assign of value to them, and unsurprisingly, they assigned value to the ones that they created as worth more money. Essentially, the mere fact that they spent time, they spent energy, they were now a part of this process, made them perceive that these little Lego creatures were worth more than they actually were. Now, the marketing key here is to incorporate and to include elements of engagement and connection and including your clients and your customers and your audience and the people you seek to serve in as much of the creation process as you possibly can. This is why I'm such a big fan of asking for feedback and asking for comments, and asking for surveys and guidance and advice, and anything I can do to keep the conversation going. On that note, be a perfect time to ask you to smash that thumbs up button and make sure to leave me a comment below this video with what your biggest takeaway is so far from all of the different cognitive biases that we've talked about. And just for doing that, I want to thank you in advance because you're such a smart and capable and amazing person. Now, of course, I believe that. I know you're smart. I know you're amazing, and I know you're capable, but what I also just did there was take advantage of a cognitive bias known as the Pygmalion effect, so let's talk about that now. The Pygmalion effect, also known as the Rosenthal Effect, is essentially the cognitive bias, where high expectations lead to better performance and better results. Basically, when you put higher expectations on the people that you serve, on your clients, on your customers, as well as on your friends and family, well, the result tends to be higher performance. This is why treating your clients and customers as smart and capable and respectable people, well, it's not just kind of common sense, but it actually turns out to be pretty good business practice as well, because in return, they're more likely to act smarter and more capable and more respectable, which is good for you, good for them, good for everyone. But you already know that, right, and that leads us perfectly to our next cognitive bias, confirmation bias. What the confirmation bias says is that we as humans, when we receive new information, well, we tend to run it through a certain kind of filter where it confirms and sort of affirms the beliefs and the identity that we already have. Basically, if you read something that's relatively neutral, doesn't take a position one way or another, well, you're more likely to view it as taking your position and supporting your views, whereas someone else who has the complete opposite mindset or complete opposite beliefs provided that article or that piece of content is relatively neutral, well, they're gonna believe that it supports their views and their beliefs. Understanding this, and you can really start to see how people get into such hot water with different views and different beliefs. Now, the key here and the way to tap into confirmation bias is to first really understand your ideal target market, that person that you wanna serve and that really wants to do business with you and understand what makes them tick, what do they believe, who do they feel they are, what do they want and what do they not want? When you do this, you're able to frame pretty much all of your future content and really allow them to just start nodding their heads in agreement with everything you say because you're confirming things that they already believe making you seem more relatable and more authentic and more likable. When you're able to confirm someone's beliefs as right and affirm their identity as right, well, they really start to buy in, and this is powerful stuff. All right, next, let's talk about the Peltzman effect or risk compensation theory. It's actually also known as the zero risk bias, but names aren't important here. What is important is understanding just how much people don't want to take any risks. Now, I kind of touched on this when we talked about loss aversion, but this is essentially taking your marketing and your messaging not extra step further, really making sure that your offer, your business is as low risk or no risk as possible. Basically, if given the choice between a business or an offer that had some element of risk and a business or offer that had basically no risk, well, most people, if not all of them, are gonna go for the no risk one, so how can you overcome this level of risk? Well, the obvious answer is by including some kind of guarantee, money back guarantee, 30 day guarantee, whatever guarantee, but sometimes you're not in a position to offer a guarantee, in which case you really have to double down on your marketing, specifically the social proof elements, by providing testimonials and case studies and proof of results, and basically just saying that what you're claiming is true is actually true. Also, doing your best to establish trust early and often throughout the relationship and taking advantage of that halo effect by making sure that that first impression is a good one by again, putting your best foot forward, again with the feet, with a nice and clean and professional design and message, and essentially presentation to your market. The beauty is, is that when you do this, especially when you're able to tap into elements of social proof, which is essentially just showing that other people, like the people you're trying to serve have done this and they've been okay, well, you're also tapping into another psychological trigger known as the bandwagon effect. The bandwagon effect is all about doing what other people do. Like my mother used to ask me, if all the cool kids jumped off a bridge, would you jump off a bridge too? And according to the bandwagon effect, yes, yes, I would, and I wouldn't be alone. Most people would join me if all the cool kids were doing it because that's what we do as humans. We look to other people, especially people that are like us or that we aspire to be like in order to help us make decisions. This is why providing elements of social proof and testimonials and showing others who've gone before done the same things and had great results from it is such a powerful motivator to get someone to take action. The more proof that you can show that other people have had success, the better, and the closer that these people match the identities or beliefs or values or appearance of the people you're trying to reach, well, the better as well. After all, what you're trying to overcome here is the objection that people like me don't do that, and if you're the one that's able to say, oh, yeah, they do, people like you do that all the time. Your business will grow. All right, next, let's talk about blind-spot bias, which of all of the biases we've talked about, this one is perhaps my favorite and also the most interesting. Basically, what the blind-spot bias says is that all of the things that I've just talked about, including a ton of other cognitive biases and psychological triggers I didn't have time to get to, while all of them are invisible to the people that They don't know they're happening. They're so deeply rooted in our fundamental makeup and are psychology as human beings that we can't recognize when they're actively being used against us, even when we're being told they're being used against us. Yes, that's right. Even if someone is to come out and tell you, hey, don't let anchoring impact your future decision, well, it still seeps in. This is because our brains are busy, busy places, and we have to rely on these mental shortcuts to quickly evaluate information and help us make decisions. Now, of course, the best way to use all of the cognitive biases that I've discussed with you here, the best way, and also importantly, the most ethical way, is to make sure that you're building them on a solid marketing foundation. And this is why the next thing you're gonna want to do is check out the video I have linked up right here on Introduction to Marketing, so make sure to check that out now, I'll see you in the next episode. Marketing helps people solve their problems by clearly defining and delivering solutions and really explaining the benefits of those solutions so they can get better results. (rock music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Adamerhartvideo [42 likes]: If you want the full system behind this video:

👉 Free AI Agency Course (+ $8,273 in bonuses)
https://adamerhart.co/3MtWEX2

Includes the exact templates, automations, and setup used in this video.
  2. @TheGuineaPigClub21: Good content!
  3. @kieljacinto3509: so some of this ive done without knowing nor what is called.
  4. @casualSingh: halo effect is cool
  5. @thecommerciallady1111: How can the sales psychological tips convert my sales for my candles?
  6. @JoshGovero: IKEA affects had me dumbfounded
  7. @jatinrana851: One arrow two sparrow....ayoo😅
  8. @MurphyNoah-e2k: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  9. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  10. @denLloyyyyd-t2r: This sounds like one of those “easy money posting videos” jobs, but usually there’s more to it than they say
  11. @HlelekileNkosi: For you page 😮😮😮😮😮
  12. @三浦貴大-h6c: My brain did a happy dance, I swear.
  13. @themidnightmurdershow: ngl bro i understood none of this
  14. @billphilpott3787: It's essential to understand how to lead your client to the carrot cake
  15. @Dewii-qo2ed: Replay very great message and podcast
  16. @AmandaDixon-g8o: Thank you!!!
  17. @HowardRoark1001: Thank you!
  18. @monicacook3311: All right, thank you for this. The more of these a company uses to advertise to me, the more likely I'm not going to buy their product. When a company has to resort to  mind-messing psychological manipulation instead of presenting the merits of their product, I'm just going to assume the merits just aren't there.
  19. @Aylinklmn: I want to know how to automate the posting on instagram, youtube,tick tock. And I want the course also
  20. @KgomotsoKG-s9e: You are a genius Adam! Thanks for all this.,

- Neuromarketing: The new science of consumer decisions  | Terry Wu | TEDxBlaine: Kind: captions Language: en About 20 years ago, a group of researchers did a study at a wine store. They want to find out if stores' background music could influence shoppers' wine selections. Here's what they found. On the days when they played German music, German wines outsold French wines by 3 to 1. Then on the days when they played French music, French wines outsold German wines But here's the kicker. They asked shoppers if the background music influenced their wine selections. You probably could guess. Over 90% of shoppers said no. This study shows that our buying decisions can be influenced by something so subtle that we don't even notice. The study also raises some important questions. How do we make make buying decisions? Do we make decisions consciously based on facts, reason, and logic? Or do we make decisions unconsciously based on emotions, feelings, and intuition? Next, I'd like to share with you how our unconscious emotions influence our decisions. You remember New Coke? Here's the story behind New Coke. In 1985, Coca-Cola was losing market share to Pepsi. Pepsi had been taunting Coca-Cola by claiming that in blind taste testing, more people preferred Pepsi over Coke. Coca-Cola decided to improve the taste by changing its formula. It came up with New Coke. Over 200,000 people taste tested New Coke. Overwhelmingly, people preferred New Coke over the original Coke. But more importantly, people preferred New Coke over Pepsi. With a lot of confidence, Coca-Cola rolled out New Coke. But very quickly, this sweet drink turned into a bitter pill that cost Coca-Cola tens of millions of dollars. Angry customers started protesting around the country demanding the original Coke back. Anxious customers started hoarding Coke products left on store shelves. Coca-Cola headquarters received about 8,000 angry phone calls a day. You can't help asking, how could 200,000 people get it wrong? What did Coca-Cola miss? What Coca-Cola missed was the strong emotional connection people had. For nearly 100 years, Coke had been marketed as a feel-good product. Their marketing slogans included, "Have a Coke and a smile." "I'd like to buy the world a Coke." Celebrities like Elvis, Marilyn Monroe, and the Beatles were the face of Coca-Cola. If you don't feel well, have a Coke. Coke was more than a sweet beverage. Drinking Coke had become a feel-good experience. That feel-good experience involves thoughts, feelings, and memories. Well, drinking Coke seems a bit complicated, doesn't it? A study published in 2004 shows how Coca-Cola's marketing has imprinted our brains with good thoughts, feelings, and memories. In this study, volunteers were asked to drink either Coke or Pepsi while their brains were scanned to find out which part of the brain became active. The researchers started out with blind taste testing like the Pepsi Challenge. They were able to replicate the result of the Pepsi Challenge. That is, slightly over 50% of volunteers preferred Pepsi over Coke. No surprise there. Then the researchers made a slight change to the Pepsi Challenge. The volunteers were told exactly what they were going to drink before taking a sip. It's no longer blind taste test anymore. Suddenly, 75% of volunteers preferred Coke over Pepsi. More surprisingly, while they were drinking Coke, the emotional part of the brain, the memory part of the brain, and the thinking part of the brain became very active. In sharp contrast, this elevated brain activity pattern was not observed while they were drinking Pepsi. What does this study tell us? The study demonstrates what happens in our brains unconsciously when we think of a popular brand like a Coca-Cola. The study also demonstrates that our thoughts, feelings, and memories can unconsciously change our experience with a product. This is exactly how the unconscious mind influences our choices. The thoughts, feelings, and memories evoked by the Coca-Cola brand are the strong emotional connections people have. And Coca-Cola missed those strong emotional connections when they reduced this iconic drink to just taste. This is why New Coke failed. Through this brain study, we can see how marketing influences our emotions and our decisions without our awareness. This is where neuroscience meets marketing. Welcome to neuromarketing. Neuromarketing is the new science of consumer decisions. It studies how we we make buying decisions and how our emotions and intuition shape our decisions. But why do marketers start paying attention to our emotions, intuition, and unconscious mind? Here are some of the reasons. Over the last few decades, neuroscience research has confirmed that about 95% of our decisions are made unconsciously. During the same time, medical studies have shown that without emotion, we simply cannot make decisions. Inside the human brain, there are many highly specialized areas. Each area has unique functions. Some areas are responsible for seeing, some are for hearing, some are for tasting. And this large area of the brain colored in blue is what we call the limbic system. It's our emotional brain. All our emotions depend on this part of the brain. Our love, compassion, optimism, pride, joy, happiness, as well as anger, fear, anxiety, embarrassment, guilt, and sadness are centered in this part of the brain. Neuroscientists often learn more about the brain when something goes wrong. Here we have Frank. He had a stroke. The stroke damaged a large part of his emotional brain. What's going to happen to him? What you will see is Frank will have a very difficult time making decisions, even the simplest decisions. When he goes to a grocery store to buy breakfast cereal, he will agonize over the decision whether he should choose Wheaties, Cheerios, or Corn Flakes. Without his emotional brain being fully functional, he simply cannot make that decision. Every purchase involves decision-making. Both neuroscience and marketing can help us understand how we make decisions and what influences our decisions. This marriage between neuroscience and marketing has given birth to neuromarketing. But why does neuromarketing matter? Every year, nine out of 10 new products fail. About $100 billion spent on marketing are wasted. The main reason that traditional marketing fails to pay attention to consumers' unconscious emotional experiences. This is what happened to New Coke. If we can avoid wasting so much money on mindless marketing, both consumers and businesses win. With neuromarketing that focuses on creating better consumer experiences, and it does work. First, I'd like to share with you how Google taps into its users' unconscious behavior to maximize its revenues. We all have seen Google ads before. The links in these ads are colored in blue. Every time you click on these blue links, Google makes money. Naturally, Google wants its users to click on these ads more often. We know that color can impact our emotion and our behavior. The question Google asked was whether a subtle change of color in these blue links could change its users' clicking behavior. Several years ago, Google tested close to 50 shades of blue in these links wanting to find out if certain shades of blue would generate more clicks. One shade of blue did generate more clicks. By adopting that color, Google increased its annual revenue by $200 million. This is the power of neuromarketing. If you know what clicks with the brain, you can apply that knowledge to create better customer experience. A better customer experience can translate into a stronger bottom line. This is why neuromarketing works. Next, I'd like to share with you how a slight, unnoticeable speed improvement by Amazon increased its sales by over $1.7 billion. According to Amazon, a 1/10 of a second speed improvement on Amazon's website can increase its sales by 1%. Consciously, we cannot detect 1/10 of a second difference, but unconsciously, our brains notice it. By speeding up the website ever so slightly, Amazon creates a better customer experience. That better customer experience generates more sales. This is powered by neuromarketing. If Google's unnoticeable change of a color makes us click more, or Amazon's unnoticeable speed improvement makes us buy more, what does that tell us about our decision-making? Are we in total control of our decisions, or are they influenced by something so subtle that we don't even notice? A study published in 1975 shows how invisible social influence can shape our In this study, volunteers were asked rate quality and price of cookies from two jars. One jar had 10 cookies, the other one had only two. Volunteers were told the cookies in the jar with only two left were in high demand and in short supply. Not surprisingly, those cookies were rated as higher in quality and price because it was believed that more people wanted them. What is surprising that all the cookies used in the study were identical. We tend to believe if something's wanted by more people, it must be good and valuable. Why is this invisible social influence so persuasive? It's because decisions create uncertainty. We feel safer by following decisions made by a crowd. This is a natural bias in our brains. Amazon understands this bias very well and uses bias to persuade us buy. Imagine you need a new coffee maker. How does Amazon help you decide? First, you're going to see a four-star rating, then over 5,000 customer reviews, then over 1,000 questions answered, then number one best seller. All this information is based on other customers' opinions. This information comes before you see the price and the free shipping offer. Amazon persuade you by using this invisible social influence. Most people have not heard of neuromarketing yet. But if you ever bought anything on Amazon, you've been persuaded by Amazon's neuromarketing techniques. Neuromarketing is still in its infancy, but there's no shortage of misinformation. One big misunderstanding is that neuromarketing is all about brain scans and mind reading. In 2011, the New York Times published a letter claiming that iPhone users had a romantic love for their phones. Here's evidence cited by the author. A brain structure called insular cortex lit up in brain scans when a small number iPhone users saw their phones. No self-respecting neuroscientist would have drawn that conclusion because the same brain structure also lights up when you see something disgusting. One brain structure can become very active for many different emotional responses. What do you call a mind reading brain scan? A brain scam. Some snake oil salesman claim that neuromarketing is all about finding the brain's buy button. By pressing that buy button, you can persuade anybody, anytime, anywhere to buy anything until the cows come home. Why does this claim also sound like a scam? Because it violates a basic principle of persuasion. If it seems too good to be true, it is too good to be true. Neuromarketing is about buying decisions, but its impact has reached far beyond that because ultimately it's about human decisions. We're all decision makers. Throughout our lifetime, we make millions and millions decisions. Some decisions can be very difficult, even life-changing. Over the last 10 years, I had to confront many gut-wrenching decisions. Should I leave a stable job to work on my own business? How do I care for my aging parents who are 6,000 miles away in a different country? How do I support someone who battles depression? From neuromarketing, we have learned that our decisions are not completely within our control. There are many invisible influences that shape our decisions without our awareness. Being mindful of that vulnerability gives us more power, not less. Our decisions can have a lasting impact on other people's lives. that something very subtle can change our behavior dramatically. What does it take to save enough energy to power all the homes in Minnesota and Iowa? It's not creating a massive government program or switching to all LED light bulbs or upgrading to energy-efficient appliances. It's a tiny emoticon. In a 2007 study, an energy company printed a tiny emoticon on energy bills to tell customers about their energy consumption. A happy face meant lower energy consumption than neighbors. A sad face meant higher energy Given how powerful the invisible social influence can be, it's not surprising that our decisions it's not surprising that our neighbors' their behavior can impact ours. What is surprising that all these these tiny emoticons reduce energy consumption by almost 3%. That's enough energy to power all the homes in Minnesota and Iowa. Who would have thought something so subtle can be so powerful? Now, this subtle cue has shown up in our lives. Here's an energy bill energy bill I recently received. It has a happy face. I'd like to close my talk with one more story. This story has some bathroom humor. It's about urinal spillage. When a guy stands around urinal, he often does his business mindlessly and aimlessly. Spillage happens and it costs money to clean it up. In 1990s, the Amsterdam Airport came up with a brilliant solution. All they did was to etch the image black fly near the drain urinal. When guys see that black fly, they start aiming at it unconsciously. That reduces spillage by 80%. Well, other than my poor taste of humor, what's the point? I like this story because this fly serves a good metaphor. When you search for what touches people's hearts and minds, you want to find game changers. If you understand how the brain works, you understand how people make decisions, you can find a game changer that has a huge impact. The most fascinating thing is very often this game changer is something we don't even pay attention to. It can be something very subtle, like the background music in a wine store, a slight change of color by Google, a noticeable speed improvement by Amazon, a tiny emoticon on your energy bill, or a fly as a target. Once you find something so subtle by following neuroscience, the impact will be anything but subtle. You want to make a positive impact. You want to make You want to help others thrive. Here's something I encourage you to try. Find your fly. And thank you very much, everybody. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MDHcvccMDHcvcc [4 likes]: I can’t believe how simple you made this!
  2. @HowNormalPeople [1 likes]: Clear and engaging talk that makes complex brain science accessible to everyday consumer behaviour. Wah! The Coke way!
  3. @italkshort [1 likes]: Goood Goys, keep falling for the marketing😂😂😂😂
  4. @MDHcvccMDHcvcc [1 likes]: I’m honestly amazed by your talent as a teacher!
  5. @GarrisonKulas-v5q [1 likes]: This video absolutely blew my expectations away!
  6. @fishybradybunch [1 likes]: the fly is a great metaphor
  7. @Michi778-y2s: The follow the crowd method is just plain marketing, not neuromarketing.
  8. @MoneyPuppyPenny: they gatekeep this information and act like it's common sense. it's not. posted the real playbook on my page, not spelling it out here
  9. @wsant2872: Most of these are just standard consumer psychology that has been known for ages, nothing new
  10. @JoyShaw-e3q: Just imagine how foolish an entire nation could be that they relate happiness with carbonated drinks which is not even healthy.
  11. @NguyenHa_488: Advice from an older colleague: find the niche that you love, analyze it, read the sales page effect book, and follow its steps. Stop dreaming and get real skills.
  12. @CharlesRandyAnderson: cant believe that no one talks about the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi. It enabled me to quit my 9-5.
  13. @حنانخرييات: 4:98 is gold. A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money and I started with computer and internet connection. Forever thankful.
  14. @ethantaylor2001: We are marketers, not statisticians. This quote I read in The Sales Page Effect book by Tom Gvinadi will stay with me forever. Tom changed my money situation for good. Wish everyone could read it before starting their own hustle.
  15. @gaFryclark: Great video. I see it aligns with the sales page book by tom gvinadi. It helped me make a lot of money online.
  16. @richardmaArtinez: 2:49 is so accurate. I’ve seen so many people give up too early because they think online business is just luck or timing, but it really isn’t. It’s more about learning from mistakes than anything else, and I had plenty of learning material :D. I was stuck for a long time trying different approaches, and nothing seemed to stick. Thankfully, after all these years, I am on my way to the mil, and there were times when I literally had almost nothing. I wasted so much time until I came across The Sales Page Effect by Tom Gvinadi. This book changed everything I was doing for good.
  17. @PaulAaronCruz: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money from almost nothing.
  18. @GregoryDennisAlvarez: read the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and make money online. stop dreaming and get real skills instead.
  19. @StevenNicholasGonzalez: A lot of this is mentioned in the sales page effect book. Got me a lot of money and I had literally nothing.
  20. @WalterEugeneFlores: Guys, just get the sales page effect book by tom gvinadi and thank me later.

- Emotional factors and service quality on purchasing decisions in e-commerce: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Good evening Ladies and Gentlemen I'm Sal Fabila and welcome to tonight i segment Today we have entered the fascinating world to e-commerce where emotional factors and service quality play of ustom areing online marketplope anothercom plat tonight we explore theasina emotion quality and there are more choices and the prices are also more competitive, so we can choose, I tend to prefer shopping online Yes, why can you save time save energy save transp online platforms often provide discounts promotions and exclusive deills that attracters according to Sur excell Sur quality is another Factor influencing customer shope offers feat like efficient systems responsive customer the customer service and fire protection program revs play a significant role in Shing product preference shoppers really feedback from other paers to access product quality functionality and overall certification positive reviews can boost confidence in a product while negative ones May gather potential fires combination of emotional connection and exposition Surface quality fers a sense of certification Among shoy users The certification Trans to positive worth of Mon recommendations and repeat, Leading to new online shopping ecosystem For Me It's jesus use in my own experience when I go online shopping and the seller gives a good like they always for me in a good way in a good attitude I always get satisfied and mostly I go there again If I Need Something familiar with what I bought also the review of its product most of the people most of the customers say that the seller does a good job in their service and like answering the question of the customer I think it's an important aspect for me to decide that I will bite from them and also If It's consistent with them playing have a good attitude I always stop there again and again for me I think is the rating of the application use You know like the style like May 9 or others not just the rating itself also the users of the download like the number of download use If It's just about the stars It's not really trwthy and Also what my what People around me say my CL people say about that application use I think I can trust the words and They also sometimes told me Which part of that is more advanced than the other application so the next time Shop online remember not just about the products look for a platform that understands your emotions and prioritize exceptional service after all a healing shoing experience is a satisfying I'm mutually off Thank you for watching and stay tuned for more Insight right here on in news bye bye [Musik]

- Jim Camp's Negotiation Secrets #1: Emotion Not Logic: Kind: captions Language: en everything we do in life is a series of decisions decisions of the key to any success we have an any human performance event our secret is the foundation of everything we teach coach and do with our system of negotiation and our clients you know it's a law of science the human brain cannot make a logical decision decisions are made 100% emotionally and then validated by our library of knowledge experience training practice the great flaw is that 99% of the world does not know or believe the science they have a mindset that's been celebrated for being smart how often do you hear someone say you have to make a logical decision or I want to make a logical decision and you know what it's not possible you know we go to school we study we take tests we celebrate how smart and logical we are and as we get older we rewarded for being so smart in fact we think we know what will happen we think we know what someone will say or do but we don't know we don't have a clue and that's the great flaw I see people who work very hard to present a logical response that strikes the logic the intellect of the other party where decisions aren't made in fact they can't be made in that part of the brain and the fact is that all of that intellect all that data throws a wet blanket on decision making just go to a party a social gathering a group of people and watch people discuss the logic of politics and slowly but surely watch the discussion heat up to a fever pitch yet in the same setting somewhere in that gathering is someone telling a story watch the storyteller who's creating vision and emotion that person will have an audience and they'll be listening intently it's that emotional area of the brain that connection and the emotion where you have the impact on the other party's decision-making because that's where we all make 100 percent of our decisions not logic and it's the well-trained coached negotiator who knows a creating vision and appealing to the emotion is the secret to successful negotiations you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheKitchenerLeslie [3 likes]: But Jim Camp stole from David Sandler and gave him NO CREDIT.
  2. @toddboothbee1361 [1 likes]: Ethos, logos, pathos--same old story of the three in rhetoric.
  3. @drannoc100: So we are all at risk of being manipulated…And the elections are certainly the case. Obama’s speeches are emotional and yet, afterwards, the ones with brains sat down and realized those were all empty words.
  4. @jordansage9655: This 1:35
  5. @flatwall4569: Please watch this gif before you read my comment, http://i.imgur.com/HeKOYc9.gifv .

What would you feel when you were drowning? What would you do? 'Science' would predictably conclude we act based on emotion. You know why? Because that is what our research measures. While human emotions are universally common and therefore easily testable, any thinking individual should be able to grasp the fact that emotions are not the end of the story. 

Having knowledge you can't breath and die when you drown, yet your senses telling you that's about to happen. What emotion would that result in? Does fear arise because fear arises, or might there be a reason it does?

Due to the capacity to hold false beliefs and opinions, emotions are not always rational. Therefore people ought not to make decisions based on it. Fortunately, most people do not. Science tells us we make decisions based on emotions, but what does actually happen? Read carefully. When you find out you we're given a job offer, with a percentage gain of 20 above your present salary, what would you do. Would you consequently take the job because you found yourself in happiness? Or do you act on it because the fact mentioned made you recognize it's value, which brought you joy? I hope the reader sees here also, that helping an adult bleeding to death, with consolation, might help his emotions calm, but doesn't save his life.

Because of cumbersome complexity, science mostly doesn't measure reason, and maybe rightly so. However that doesn't provide the thinking man a license to reject knowledge or tenfold uglier, decide we don't decide by reason.

Not here to bash on anybody directly, I trust you were simply uninformed, or you already knew this. I'm only helping others understand emotions properly because a lot of current thinking seems to be based on the idea that: yolo, it's emotions, so be advised and disregard it. Also post-modernism. I hope I left someone more educated.

- Jim Camp Negotiation Training The Power of No part 1 of 5: Kind: captions Language: en what part of the other party brain are you negotiating with are you negotiating with their intellect are you trying to convince them are you trying to teach them are you trying to get them to understand what you're talking about because if you are your family and you're frustrated and you don't matter to thousand like you could I know that's a big number but you can about a thousand you just can't violate the principles of how people make decisions so what I'd like to do is spend an hour just talking with you just just tell us about what you're up against what you find most challenging and see if I can't get some things to you that will get you on a journey to discover what a system of negotiation can do for you what I'll start with is if you go to Camp negotiation institute.com if there's a free download of the book here I'll give you for the Finish and it's an MP3 player it's for you has doesn't have much value other than it might open your thought process that's all we want to do is try to get you to thinking so that you once you start finishing and start discovering you'll be surprised where you can go when you can do now we're a coaching organization in the truest sense of the word code not made up we've been annoying ourselves coaches we are coaches okay I've got a credential I still haven't from a state of Ohio I'm really truly a coach I understand what coaching is I learned from to all of any coaches okay so I knew that every sense the word so I'm coaching about eight billion dollars this month go all the way in negotiation I coached the whole entire program one of the biggest I.T providers in the world at coaster chairman or CEO all the senior VPS worldwide so I've got a little bit of an idea of what you're up against what the technical world you live in so here's a question what do you find most challenging what can I start to zoom in on to see if I can create some Discovery for you get you on the journey anybody well one thing is you know what client wants to take the directions they want to tell you about that and you if it's uh getting getting the right questions asking the right questions and kind of read framing things and getting things back on the track that you want it on is okay can you stay on the track yeah so the question is what kind of traffic you now have that you can prepare for let me ask this question see if I can do this and I'll be right with you so how do you prepare for a negotiation so now we talk about negotiation we use that word we throw it out there if somebody gave me a definition of the word negotiation let's define the word a discussion between two parties parties coming to a mutual agreement Mutual I'm going to write the word down here does it have to be mutual you ever made an agreement you weren't happy with yes and they still have it's not a few Mutual because they have decided too so whether I mean they may not be winning in the agreement but they still have to mutually agree to sign the paper so what okay let's go to the word I'm a big sticker on words Give me a definition of the word mutual together together common understanding common understanding issue anybody else what's mutual mean to you happy I saw what I come up with I think about what's satisfied you can be comfortable happy shared give everybody share most part is getting what they want ever make an agreement that you weren't the negotiation doesn't imply agreement negotiation is the process of getting the free which does which does not always lead to it seems the exchange of possible terms of negotiations say that again it's a it's an excuse it's an exchange of ideas and terms for the purpose of conductors determining if there's anything okay let me tell you what Oxford dictionary says the special definition I've ever seen it says the effort effort to bring about agreements between two or more parties all parties having the right to veto anywhere in the world wants to negotiation mean Oxford English picture says it's the effort a human effort to think about agreements between two or more parties of all parties having the right stay with me just for a second because I want to get to the path and I will I promise I'll come back how do we prepare for a negotiation need to know what outcome you would like to arrive at okay so you know what you want how many of you know what you want from today with me here at Big negotiation right now I'm negotiating for your mind I'm trying what I want is for you to reject everything I say for immigration so we got it on what we want what did you just do what's the real number what do you say a dollar yeah why did you say 75 cents in return I think compromise is a part of negotiation to 75 cents if you prepared that way that one yeah I think compromises we'll have to give up something too you want me to give up song you don't have to buy it you say no I'll leave you think about what you do to yourself you sit around and figure out what you're wanting to give up what are you preparing for you what it's not giving it up so unless you're preparing to give it up but what are you really preparing for failure what are you really preparing for because of caring for bargaining not negotiating that's collective bargaining has a completely different definition that's the art of given change this is a definition of negotiation bring you about agreements now where did bargaining come from where does bargaining come from it's battleships Barbie came from the railway acquired by law that you will bargain in good faith punishable by imprisonment if you don't between organized labor and management that's the Harvard model that's taught every business school in the country bargaining and they call it negotiation and they call it negotiation and it's not so what do you do when you go to the main room of China now remember our decisions made scientific but how does the brain making decisions emotionally but how do you prepare with compromise what do you when you compare with compromise what are you using are you impacting their emotions or their intellect to bring about agreement you get what you want sometimes maybe if you're lucky front because they're going to make their decisions emotional and if you don't you've made a point it's a good one Michael you said you got to give up something too because emotionally if I'm going to get into bargaining and my price doesn't work my price and I'm going to bargain it before I just died he evaluated and how does Michael now see it ah there might be more here so we take the private around us and pull the Predator towards us to attack us all because of that principle of emotional decision making besides music so we take that principle we know that's a foundation principle and we prepare but we prepare to compromise legitimate the definition but here's to here's what's really kind of sickening about that kind of turns my stomach I learned this a long time what really does it what really bothers me the most is we're breaking another principle with that we're trying to manage and fall a result of an engagement with compromise I'll tell you what you can manage what can you control in your life information well sure what can you really control in your life thank you what what can you tell us what it's great to say ourselves but what can we really control all right emotions sometimes somebody runs through the door of the piano starts shooting people over here so what so what can we control your display action what we do in the hours of the day usually by habit ever notice how you get up in the morning you do one thing first second third power activity but you control that what happened in fact our parents work hard to make each development happens right what's the other thing we can manage or control everything what we say how we say it with training and practice the kind of question we ask when we Master our behavior when we Master our behavior and our activity how many of you really prepare for negotiations before you come into them anyway I make a really preparing schwinners okay if you prepare and collect incorrectly you're better off winging believe me if you prepare against us to a compromise or you're going to try to drive us to compromise it's going to be really uncomfortable for you for a long time because compromising isn't really required a negotiation but what it does this vision vision the ability to create Vision will drive the emotional decision nothing

- Jim Camp Negotiation Training Workshop Harvard University: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] My name is Andre Bisora and I'm the founder of the negotiation leadership conference here at Harvard University. We're hosting this major event um uh on on with the theme developing master in negotiation and leadership. And today we're here to really discuss what are some of the keys, what are some of the tools, what are some of the techniques that can allow uh us to sort of make the shift from simply knowing about negotiation and now becoming a master of negotiation. How can we make the shift between having knowledge versus being an expert? We had a number of Harvard law professors and people who are associated with the Harvard negotiation project um who come from that school and that field and we thought that how how how interesting would it be if we looked at things from a different perspective. We wanted to bring Jim in who has a a different perspective on negotiation start with no philosophy and we thought let's just put that into the mix and see what happens. I want them to come away with the understanding that there are ways out there to do things better, to not get trapped in this fishbowl of academia, to go out and take a look at what people are really doing in the real world. Negotiation to me, it's a human performance event. It's something we do every day and we own every day and sometimes we don't realize it. It's really truly defined as a human effort to bring about agreements between two or more parties with all parties having the right key word right to veto. I'm a graduate of the Harvard University Extension School. So I'm on the alumni board of directors as the communications chair. I'm also one of the volunteers for the events. What I love about this conference is I trust the fact that the organizing committee really pulls the best speakers they can find. What I liked about Jim's style is that he he has a pro clearly he has a process for negotiations that works. I mean, he's got a proven track record, but I also like the fact that he really understands the human dynamic and the emotion behind what happens in the heat of a negotiation. I would say the biggest takeaway for me was that you can really get muddled with the facts. I mean it's important to have your facts and to come prepared to a negotiation with all the facts and data and to have done the you know the study and the research but remember when you get in the room you are dealing with people and to really understand what the other side is looking for and and really try to connect with them on an emotional level. And I think that was what Jim drove home. That was a lot different for me. When we talk about agreements, an agreement is an agreement. I mean, if it's going to dinner with Patty, my wife, or a billion dollar acquisition, it's still an agreement. And or whether it's a lawsuit or uh uh a peace treaty, it's an agreement. It's negotiation. And the state of negotiation today is we're we're straddled we're we're correction better word is we're strapped with this mindset of compromise this mindset of collectively bargaining to play give and take trying to figure out okay I'll take away this and maybe they'll make an agreement and take that. Well, I think every business uh who's dealing with suppliers and customers needs to have a mastery and a capability in negotiations. Uh in our company, prior to working with the coach camp method, you know, I would say our negotiations were very traditional and not very effective. We were following a very traditional path that required us to prepare for a negotiation with a mindset really focusing on what are we going to sacrifice, what are we going to compromise on to make this negotiation a success. What we have discovered with coach camp is that that prior methodology and practice we were following was horrible. It was bad for our company and it was really bad for the customer and supplier as well. Coach Camp's system and uh discipline really makes things practical. When he's got a real methodology that we can train our employees on and the employees can apply it. So much of negotiation work and theory is abstract. It makes it real hard for people to apply it. Coach Camp makes it simple. He makes it easy to understand. And the interrogatives are exceptional to where we can really have a good process and train employees on it. The thing we love about the results. I mean, we have seen incredible results inside of our company on this and that it it it's transformed the way we interact with people and it's actually incredibly positive. Don't let the title fool you about start with no. Man, the the the title is a hook and once we're on that hook, we've transformed how our company operates. So, we love the system. We love the results. I'm at Harvard today. I'm proud to be here. But it's interesting to me that everyone talks about conflict resolution. Everyone talks about BATNA, fall back positions, uh give and take, compromise, and it it's just to me that's got to change in our society. I was in a bookstore and uh kind of wandering around um trying to get away from what I a lot of what I usually read which is in psychology and self-help and I went over to the business section and I saw this book and just said no and kind of grabbed my attention maybe partly because as a therapist I there's a lot of you know people are uh kind of overwhelmed with change so they sort of lead with no it really is a negotiation I never thought of it that way, but once I started to sort of see how his system applied to negotiation, I started to realize that there was a lot of ways to help people with that process that kept them firmly in control, like the right to veto, like Jim talks about. It didn't feel out of uh sync with what I already what I was already doing. But he also had some ways to help people to keep moving. um places where people kind of get they can typically get stuck in therapy, which is one of the reasons they're coming to see you, so they can get unstuck. But he had some ways that he would move negotiations forward that, you know, involved large sums of money and lots was at stake. And that's really what started getting me kind of excited about it, that I I was able to help clients move who wanted to move and didn't know how or how to feel safe doing it um in a way that I hadn't been able to before. People that really want to work with us have a growth mindset. They really believe that there's bigger, better ways to do things and they're searching for it. They're looking for it. They're out there getting hammered every day. They're getting their teeth kicked in. And so they're looking for better ways. They're looking for that edge, uh, that opportunity to do it in a better way to to build stronger, better agreements. My system is going to give them a decided advantage. It's given advantage now for 20 years. I mean, there's a reason people say what they say about us. Our system is hard. It's hard work. If you if you're looking if they're looking for a quick fix or something easy, we're not we're not the place to come. But if they're looking for an advantage and really climbing to a much higher level like our clients do every day, they're going to have a a dramatic advantage.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrNicoSpecials: when it comes to practice... my students who followed the Harvard negotiation Method and Lectures told me that my Negotiation courses are much more practical and effective!
thank you Harvard!!!
  2. @yztyzt1: interesting

- Jim Camp's Negotiation Secrets -- Outtakes: the Biggest Hurdle: Kind: captions Language: en well I think that I think the biggest the the biggest pearl is the aha moment of common sense I think that when people really take a look at what we're doing there's a common sense moment where they go wow aha I I get it III see that they say things like I see or I've discovered or I did this because I saw this or I saw that and suddenly they have that moment where it's their job to create a reaction an action that brings about a reaction of discovery and the other party and that all of the that that foundation can never very I mean that foundation is the foundation for decision making is scientifically proven it's a and it's a it's a it's a big aha moment and I think that's the biggest nugget when when they embrace that and they have that aha moment then they can start to build and grasp and build the mindset of our system that really takes them propels them dramatically forward I think that's the biggest I think that's the biggest moment well I think that you know I I just like to kind of say to the audience you know i I've sat through so many multiple million dollar meetings right I mean hundreds of millions of dollars in meetings and I love it when someone sits there who and I you hear these kinds of things you hear well I've been doing this for twenty years and if you do that if you write that letter or you say that or you give them permission to reject this I know what they're going to say we're never gonna get back in there again and I know what they're gonna do I know how they'll respond and it's it's almost ludicrous because not only have they never done what we are asking them to do but they're demanding that because of 20 years of doing the same thing over and over again that they know how someone's going to respond to something different than they've ever experienced before it's like that letter we just talked about with BN you know as that letter won't work I mean and I think that's I think that is something I'd really like I'd like you to be aware of that just pay attention just sit in the meeting and watch someone say well I can't say that or I can't do that because they'll say this or they'll do that or they'll or this will happen or that'll happen and it's all because we think we're smart it's all because we think we're logical and in reality we're not what's really driving that decision to say and this is really crazy but this is something to really back up and think about what's really driving the decision to say I know what they'll say is complete fear of not knowing this almost debilitating fear of not knowing it's it's it's it almost freezes you in your tracks so you immediately go on the defensive I know what they'll do I know what they'll say and it's because you don't know because you're you're you're so afraid of losing the deal or losing the opportunity or failing or looking as if looking like a failure to your leadership that causes you and causes us to to experience that well that won't work so I I think those are big aha moments for people when they start to discover oh my gosh there is a better way there is a better way to do it

  Top Comments:
  1. @OCUBOX: Every negative issue the world is facing, in personal lives, professional lives, government (which is of course FULL of PEOPLE), stems from F E A R. That's it.

- The psychology behind impulse buying: Kind: captions Language: en what drives us to buy those things we really don't need or really can't afford 22 news reporter Nicole neppa breaks down the psychology that drives us to spend impulsive shopping at one time or another it's something many of us are guilty of doing but have you ever thought about what may have driven you to pick up that sale item you can't find a place for anymore Psychology today says the combination of basic evolutionary drives and the tactics retailers put in place makes us more susceptible to spontaneously spend our money the most common reason people love to shop many say it's a feel-good activity and in some cases helps pick them up when they're feeling down they're trying to compensate for things going on in their life sometimes depression sometimes problems so shopping makes them feel better another driving force is the money many of us desire to save so when you see a sign like this detail ing that a discount will only be around for a short period of time many of us feel like we need to take advantage of that deal and fear that we may have to pay more later I automatically go over and look and then usually I'll buy it even if I'm not sure if I want it because it's on sale right then and there and it might not be tomorrow impulsive shopping is starting to become a more common practice experts say many children and young adults are starting to lose touch of what it feels like to save up to buy something new it it's tough when you walk by something you really want it's it's tough to to not get it I I do it all the time in Hol o Nicole NEPA 22 News

  Top Comments:
  1. @D.R._Iris [7 likes]: wait... but the question of "why" was never answered... just that many can relate...
  2. @mo-0304 [1 likes]: Guilty! But why do we chase more when we already have enough? Buyers Desire is a book that breaks it down, and it made a lot of sense to me!
  3. @pinkroses135 [1 likes]: If it's suede or purple lace it's game over. Target sells mostly cheap junk now.
  4. @Tr3-r1m: Corporations implant the impulse like a virus thru subconscious messages in advertisements and keep us in a lower state of mindlessness depression with cheap addictive junk food we are basically trained to be in a constant state of consumption.
  5. @gregkareem9824: I had to watch this because that's me rn
  6. @BeingaWomanbyDrLataSingh: How to avoid  the emotional shopping
https://youtu.be/SJvnsiIA7zQ

- How Impulse Spending Keeps You Poor: Kind: captions Language: en I have been financially not doing great. >> At the time, I thought it was smart. Now I realize it's not that good of a >> Last year, the average consumer made nearly 10 impulse buys per month, spending an average of $28.90 per purchase. That adds up to almost $300 a month of impulse buying. And it means every year you end up with $3,600 less in your bank account because of unplanned lastminute shopping for things that you probably don't actually need. Not even that, things that you might actively regret having in the first place because all they do is take up space in your closet or kitchen. Sometimes like I rationalize like my needs, my wants to make them seem like their needs and I just need to get out of this toxic like mindset. Impulse buying is a huge problem nowadays. We are living in a world of quick dopamine, bad coping mechanisms, constant advertisements, and a hydonic treadmill that makes us feel like we never quite have enough. Like there's always one more thing we could buy to become truly happy. But the secret that companies don't want you to know is that impulsively buying that iPad or that designer handbag is not going to make you happy. Not in the long run. In the long run, it could actually do the very opposite by draining your finances and outsourcing your happiness to the external rather than the internal. And that is ultimately a place where you forfeit control of your life. The same thing happens financially. Our addiction to impulse buying is keeping us poor. Yes, it obviously makes us spend frivolously on things we'll forget about or regret. But the part we usually forget about is that we miss out on things when we impulse buy. Every dollar we throw to an impulse purchase is a dollar that cannot go somewhere more important. To something like a house down payment, a flight to our dream destination, our retirement savings, our kids' college fund. Whatever goal you have for yourself is made just a little harder to reach every time you impulse buy something. Just think about what would happen if we were to invest the $300 a month the average person spends on impulse buying instead of spending recklessly. In scenario one, you're an impulse buyer and you keep that up for 25 years. By then, you have a museum full of trendy items you found on Amazon every Thursday night when you were bored sitting at home online shopping. You got Lab Boooos. You got 20 different earphones. Some futuristic hologram dog that you saw on Tik Tok shop. All of it is just piles of junk. Now, even if you tried selling your stuff, you probably wouldn't get much for it. But in scenario two, you invest in your future. You take control of your financial life by putting that $300 a month into the S&P 500. And if it continues its historic 10% annual average, you will end up with an inflationadjusted $227,000. A little more than that. And that is money. Yes. And it's opportunity. In this video, I'm going to talk about different aspects of impulse buying, like the psychology behind why we impulse buy, how the world makes it harder and harder to resist impulse buying, and some tips on how to fight back. But if you only get one thing from this video, please let it be this. If you can address your urge to impulse buy something, you will gain so much control over your financial life. It is going to be insane. That is going to be one of the biggest steps that you ever take in being able to achieve your financial life goals. Because impulse buying is emotional. It's something we do to self soo and distract. Meaning it basically overrides our logical brains that might tell us you don't really need this thing. We don't need to buy it. But I think what helps is when we think about the person that we want to be one day. My bet is if you're watching this video, you want to be an intentional person who lives life proactively, not reactively. You want to set goals for yourself. You have a vision for how you want to live. But the more that you let impulse spending control you, the harder it is going to be to be that version of yourself. So whenever you fall down the impulse spending rabbit hole, maybe you've had a long day or you passed a store that's just screaming your name, keep that future version of yourself in mind, that version that you want to become. Speaking of creating goals and living proactively, I want to give a huge shout out to today's sponsor, Strawberry.MME, for being such an amazing tool for helping me move toward my goals this year. Strawberry.me, me for those who don't know is a platform that connects you with professional coaches. These are coaches that can help you with all those parts of your career that you want guidance on if you don't know who to talk to. Things like how to ask for a promotion, how to navigate a career change, or for me, how to better run my business and stay sane in the process. There's even things that you wouldn't think of that are insanely helpful to have a coach for. So, say you're about to go to a weekend networking event. These things always make you nervous and you want to get the most out of this because everyone in your industry is going to be present. So, you could work with your coach to create a game plan, how to approach people at these events, how to calm your nerves, how to create a networking cheat sheet after to help you follow up with all the contacts that you met. Coaching can be a gamecher for your career or business, and Strawberry.me makes it so easy to find great coaches and reach goals together. To try Strawberry.me for yourself, you can go to strawberry.me/cara, c a r a to take their quick quiz and get matched with a certified coach. Click the link down below or scan the QR code on screen. And thank you so much to Strawberry.me me for sponsoring today's video. >> This is hands down the coolest invention, the innovation of our time. >> What makes it so amazing? >> To take you into the mind of an impulse buyer. We don't ask those kinds of questions. [laughter] >> If a guy, if a cool chef says, "This is the greatest cooking innovation of our time. The only thing my brain can think is, "Thank God I'm hearing about this." >> So, let's break down what drives us to impulse buying. Because in order to eventually stop ourselves from making those quick-second expensive purchases on junk that we're never going to use, it helps to understand why we do it. The biggest reasons we can point to are emotional regulation and the dopamine loop. Let's break each of those down. Emotional regulation is basically the fact that we often use shopping as a coping mechanism. It's a way for us to distract ourselves and process negative emotions, stress, grief, anxiety, fear, all of those that make our body uncomfortable. And if we want to get deep into the physiology, there's a part of your brain called the amygdala. If you've ever taken a psych class, you've probably heard of this little guy. It's a part of your brain that's responsible for processing emotions, especially fear and anxiety. >> LISTEN UP PEOPLE, I HAVE ANXIETY. >> SO, what happens is, say that you're going through a breakup. You are sad and you are stressed out. So, your amydala is firing off. Suddenly, your body is screaming, "Fix this. Make this discomfort stop. Do something." Sometimes that ends up being you text your ex because for a moment it makes the discomfort go away and I'm not judging. We've all been there. But other times you might think to yourself, "Well, last time I shopped, it made me feel pretty good. At least for a moment. Maybe I should do that." Or your brain might even think of all those pretty ads of hot smiling people as they buy designer necklaces. And so you think, you know, I want to be a hot smiling person. That sounds nicer than how I feel right now. Maybe I'll buy an overpriced designer necklace. See what I mean? You see how our brains jump to impulse spending as a way to soo ourselves from discomfort? >> I've been struggling quite a bit the last couple days with my mental health. Literally, all I want to do is rot on the couch. But today, I'm going to actually make an effort to take care of myself better mentally than just rotting away. So, I made a little homemade matcha, put on a cute outfit, and I'm going to go shopping. There's this Vox article I found talking about pandemic era purchases that people really regretted and there were a lot of them which makes sense because the pandemic was an incredibly stressful sad time for people. Impulse spending went way up during the pandemic likely in part due to people shopping to cope. Anyways, one of the people they interviewed for the piece bought these viral sole bikes in 2020. He spent hundreds of dollars impulsively on these bikes because quote, "Maybe a bike will be the answer to our happiness." And what happened? He took a couple pictures of it, never really used the bike, and now it just sits in his garage collecting dust. He even says in the article, quote, "I hate looking at it because it's a reminder that we probably wasted a lot of money." I found this UK documentary from a few years ago about a woman who is a compulsive shopper. Just watch how her relationship with buying things shows up. Shopping is my life. Like, I live to shop. >> Capable of spending thousands in a single transaction. I do feel as if it's out of my control. I might not want to buy, but I just buy it. Later in the documentary, they mention that she makes about £2,000 a month or £2,600 USD. And yet, look at just a few of the items that she has in her closet. This was $3,000. This was $1,600. And the wallet was about £700. These earrings are like £200 each. 220, 250. Just those three bags together equal £5,300 over 2 months of her salary. And the rings, I didn't count exactly how many there were, but let's estimate there were 15 in her box. That's another £3,000 115% of her monthly salary spent on just rings. And that's just a tiny portion of her closet that keeps growing every week as she impulse buys more items. Unfortunately, though, unsurprisingly, this led Dipna to be in credit card debt. I'm in about £7,500 debt. >> Now, you'd think, okay, if I'm in credit card debt and I keep going on £1,000 plus impulse shopping sprees, maybe I should cut back on the shopping, right? Maybe this isn't good for me. But here's a line Dipna says that is the crux of the issue. I can't imagine there being absolutely no shopping. I don't know what I would do. What else would I do if I didn't shop? What would I have to look forward to? >> That last line made me pretty sad to hear. if I couldn't shop, what else would I have to look forward to? But it also helps us make some sense of why someone might impulsively buy things even when it is hurting them financially. Because when you don't have other parts of your life fulfilling you, you feel empty inside. And emptiness demands to be filled. Now, you can fill it with things like close connections, hobbies, interests, a purpose that feels beyond yourself. But many, including this woman, use impulse shopping to feel fulfilled instead. And before the comments start, just know this is not only a problem for women. The data shows that men and women deal with impulsive shopping. Though on average it differs what is being impulsively purchased. Worldwide, 57% of women have impulsively bought on clothes or shoes, while 49% of male consumers have impulsively purchased electronics. Whatever you impulse buy, the bottom line remains that using consumption to find fulfillment is like trying to get fool off of eating junk food. processed chips, sugary cookies, they taste amazing for the moment, but they don't last. There's no substance to them. So, you end up hungry again in like half an hour. Same thing goes for impulse buying. You're going to feel the dopamine in the moment you buy something, but then what? It's cheap dopamine and it fades quickly. And worse, now you're craving more dopamine and so you go and you buy another thing and now you are trapped in a dopamine loop. PBH department store. Honestly, there are a lot of parallels between impulse eating and impulse buying. From how we use both to regulate stress to how the industry designs the environments to make impulsivity feel inevitable. I mentioned earlier that it's getting harder and harder to resist impulse buying. And that's for many of the same reasons it's hard to resist impulse eating. One is simply access. It is so easy to buy something or eat something now. Before, for eating, we had to go hunt our own food or farm all day. We would spend the bulk of our activity every single day just seeking calories. But now you can have a whole month's worth of calories delivered to your front door in under an hour. Same thing goes for any kind of shopping. The second that you see something that interests you, whether it's a new phone, a new jacket, a new watch, you can buy it online within minutes. Or if you're out shopping in person, think about how frictionless something like Apple Pay makes your spending. This was actually a reason I didn't get Apple Pay set up for the longest time. Part of it was due to laziness, but I also felt like it separated us from the act of spending money. You don't feel the weight of buying something when all you have to do is tap your phone like a magic wand. Whereas, if you pay in cash, it's like you have to really confront the fact that you are spending money right now. Real money, not just some numbers on a screen. This is why I think that we all need to be introducing more friction into our lives. Intentional friction, but friction nonetheless. I think our lives can suffer if we have too much convenience, too much quick access to everything we want in the moment. In other words, I think we'd all be happier. not to mention financially and physically healthier with more delayed gratification. With that in mind, how do we get there? How do we resist the overwhelming desire to impulse buy our way through life? Here are three tips that I think are amazing for this one is to figure out what your triggers are. >> We all know we do stupid things when we're drunk. Like me, I book tickets to go run a marathon tomorrow morning at 6:00 a.m. No training, 42 km. WHAT DO YOU WANT? BECAUSE WHEN YOU IMPULSE buy something, you have to think what is leading up to that. Is it something like I'm stressed after work? Or is it usually I'm buying stuff when I'm bored on the weekend? Is it usually when you feel insecure after you've been scrolling on Instagram? Be aware of these feelings as they pop up because they are the signals that you need to know in order to fix the problem because then you can name the feeling. When you open your Amazon cart to impulse buy something, you can instead tell yourself, "No, I'm just feeling stressed or bored right now. What's something else I could do to process that energy out of me? And then you find things you can do instead, like going on a walk or working out, calling a friend, putting on your favorite movie, or just going to sleep. I bet half of our impulse buying would just disappear if we just slept when our bodies were tired. Okay, so that's the first tip. The second tip is a funky one that I found online, and that is basically take a picture with the thing that you really want. If you're out shopping in person and you come across some outfit you want to impulse buy, don't feel like you have to buy it. Sometimes taking a picture of the outfit and storing it in a photo album can scratch that itch of needing to acquire something. Same thing if you're trying to declutter and you're really struggling to let go of an item. Take a picture with it. We don't need to own everything that's special to us. We can capture its memory in a different kind of way. And lastly, give yourself a 48 hour rule on any non-essential purchases. This means you are not allowed to buy something in the moment. You have to put it back on the rack or in the save for later section of your online cart and then wait a couple of days at the bare minimum before you go back to buy it. I do this all the time and it saves me so much money because that 48 hour window gives you the time to breathe to self-regulate so that other emotions aren't influencing your purchasing. And it gives you time to decide, do I really want this or was I just bored? And you'll be surprised how often you don't actually want that thing. If you really want to challenge yourself, you can even do a no-by month where you don't buy anything non-essential for the entire month. This can help reset your habits more so that you aren't trapped in this impulse spending treadmill. But what do you think? Are there other tips or tricks that you use to resist impulse buying? And what are your thoughts on how impulse buying keeps us poor? Let me know your thoughts down below. And thank you so much for watching this video. If you like this one, go watch my recent video on how influencers have a money problem. I think you'll really like that one. Thank you so much to my patrons on Patreon and those on Buy Me Coffee for supporting this channel. I appreciate you all and I will see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [6 likes]: Thanks for watching! Visit http://strawberry.me/cara to take their quick quiz and get matched with a certified coach. The most important project you’ll ever work on is you — and now’s the time to start.
  2. @aleahharrigan9668 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for making this ! I’ve been on an impulse buying rollercoaster the last few years. While my debt isn’t super extreme, it’s enough for me today to realize WHY I’m buying designer shoes and bags even when I don’t have, especially using the Klarna Afterpay etc. it keeps you in a financial deficit loop where you can’t get ahead. If I want to be successful this has to stop now. ❤
  3. @josephlo9579: For the lady that says she “doesn’t know what to do if she ain’t shopping” I was wondering if she could just shop at the dollar store and pick out 10 pounds of anything she wants when she has the urge. Just wondering if this is helpful or is it making it worse?
  4. @kongab2025: One of the ways i stop myself from impulse buying is i try to imagine what my life would look like after i have the item in my possession after an extended period of time and going beyond the novelty aspect puts the items importance into perspective. Simple example would be upgrading pc hardware. My pc works completely fine, and while having more powerful hardware would be nice, it would make absolutely no significant impact because i dont need more powerful hardware from it at the moment and if i did have it, i know myself well enough that i wouldnt have too much use of for it to justify the purchase.
  5. @ashko808: Omg I was NOT expecting to see Hamish and Andy on here 🤣🤣❤
  6. @LF_Spectre: I did not expect the Hamish & Andy reference.
  7. @cattingclasses8002: Couldn’t agree more with this amazing content. 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
  8. @vaaxx__7: this is the most female video ive ever watched  5:41
  9. @Magdalena287: With my kids I have them give the item a hug and I write it down in my phone. We do allowances quarterly and 99 percent of the time by the new season they would rather go have an experience than the thing they really really wanted months ago
  10. @Flash_Darling: I have a budget, the budget includes 'fun'. It's not a huge amount, but the pace of mind I get knowing that the book or coffee I bought won't mean I can't afford my bills or gas. My credit card is paid off every month, and I contribute 10% of every paycheck to savings. Getting comfortable with keeping an up to date budget has been the biggest improvement to my life.
  11. @GMfan746: I wait 30 days before buying clothes. If I do want an item, I wait for sales (and do research on price history) so I know I’m getting a good deal.
  12. @samplastik13: Why save for 10% increase per year when you can spend and pay over 20% more on the credit card
  13. @gameskyjumper1721: That UK woman who like to shop. She probably just like the smell. Like the feeling of being in nice looking shopping mall. And then, thought to herself "since I am here, might as well do something. So I am not wasting my gas and effort getting there."
  14. @lieanfrancis6456: When I make a purchase, I sleep on it for weeks sometimes month bc it’s so stressful impulse buying??? Maybe it’s just me???
  15. @EyyyDwarddd: Impulse spending keeps you poor because you are impulsively spending…NEXT
  16. @briannyob7799: No, what keeps us poor is an economic system rigged to give money to the 1%.
  17. @oliverseiler2871: Thank you very much for the video.
  18. @bonniekeating9565: My weakness is buying physical media cds, vinyl, blurays  and DVDs. Tools is next. Then clothes.
Cleaning and reorganize  the stuff you have does help ease the impulse  to spend. Thank you I know what is landfill crap: Temu , Shein, crap trends etc.
  19. @bonniekeating9565: Thank you for a real you doing the narration instead of AI slop.
  20. @metalcoreisgoodmusic: I’m buying that hoodie idgaf

- luxury shopping is INSANE... (let's discuss the "Hermès Game"): Kind: captions Language: en - Hello my dudes. Welcome back to the second channel. Finally, we are here today to talk about the ES game and the privilege of spending thousands of dollars to earn the chance to buy another expensive thing. - My Birkin, another Birkin. But what makes these two birkins different? - Why did no one tell me that you can't just buy a Birkin bag. You need to be offered one. And for that to happen, you need to build a relationship with the brand and sales associate. You need to be a regular customer and spend money at Hermes. And maybe just maybe then you'll be offered one. Wow, cool, a bag. You like it. Hello, I'm a girl. It's a purse, not just a purse. It's a Birkin bag. - If you know Hermes bags, you know that you have to be put on a wishlist to buy a Birkin or a Kelly - For some reason I've become captivated by this. It came across my TikTok within the last few years, people talking about this process of trying to go to Hermes and buy usually a Birkin, sometimes a Kelly bag. These are very expensive luxury bags and this world is like an entirely foreign concept to me. Okay. I'm not really a luxury designer person. I've never been into an Hermes store. And of course as I talk about like over consumption, pretty often on my channels, I'm very interested in luxury shoppers. Like what's going on? What's the appeal for you? I don't get it. I'm trying to understand maybe. Okay, so let's get into it. The white whales in this situation, so to speak, are the Birkin and the Kelly named after Jane Birkin and Grace Kelly respectively. These are hand sewn, they're made in France by leather artisans. It's extremely high quality, extremely like intensive craftsmanship. But of course it's also more than that. It's not just, oh, this is a really good bag. Having, especially a Birkin is seen as such a major status symbol. It is proof of your wealth and your value, especially in a certain class. And you might be thinking, okay, it's an expensive bag. Some are MS bags are like $5,000, 10, 20 and up. But it's not just that you have to pay for the bag itself. You actually have to buy the opportunity to even be offered a chance to buy the bag, right? The thing about these bags, these are known as the quota bags because there's a limit of two per year, like worldwide. Even if you shopped in different Hermes stores, they would limit you and it would be very unlikely that the average shopper would be able to get the chance to buy two bags a year even. But their quota bags and a big part of the appeal is the artificial scarcity, which is, I guess it's real scarcity, but it's, it's intentional scarcity. That's part of the intrigue. That's part of the elitism, the allure. That's why securing one of these bags, securing the bag as they say, that's not where that comes from. Securing one of these bags is seen as an accomplishment in itself. So the idea of getting your first Birkin or your first Kelly eventually having a collection of birkins and showing off your closet full of them, you know, it puts you on the level of like the Kylie Jenners, the Kardashians, the, the other collectors of luxury faires. I ended up watching Abby Cox's video about Hermes and this is a lot more about like the production and whether they are worth the amount that they go for like, you know, 10 to $20,000 a bag. A lot of times that's a different question than I'm trying to explore. We're just here to giggle today. Okay. But I, I do recommend watching that video 'cause it was very interesting. Also, just quickly wanna mention, it's not that I think that a luxury hand sewn bag should be cheap. Definitely not. I think many items, clothing, especially hand sewn pieces should be expensive because they take so much specialized labor and incredibly high quality materials. So it makes sense that these bags are expensive but like that expensive. Anyway, I feel like I'm more interested in the consumer than the actual company for now. This video is definitely not gonna be a deep dive into Hermes. I more so wanna talk about the Hermes game and how it's portrayed on social media. The fact that it is shown to be this aspirational journey of shopping. But really most of my thoughts regarding this topic are more about the income and wealth inequality. Just like the pure insanity that there are people who can just be casually shopping and racking up five, $10,000 bills, just trying to get the opportunity to buy more stuff. Just that they have that amount of disposable income to where like shopping for extremely luxury goods is just a hobby. Meanwhile, most people can't pay their bills. So very interesting juxtaposition I guess. Okay, so finally we have to get into the Hermes game. Let's say you're a bag lover, okay? And you've had your eye on a Birkin for years. It's your dream bag and you've got the coin. Okay, you've got 20, 30,000 in your pocket chilling. Let me just go to the website or knock on the door of the store and say hello, I would like my bag please. No, you cannot simply go to a store and buy a bag, you idiot. No, you must play what is known as the Hermes game, which involves building a relationship with a sales associate. Some even say a long-term relationship. We're at a friendship recession, people are struggling to date and yet we're being encouraged to channel our energy and time into our Hermes sales associate. Naturally you build a relationship with your sales associate, you visit your store regularly and you have to buy shit. You have to buy shit because they're not gonna offer you the bag until you've proven yourself. So the game is, alright, I can buy some shoes, I'll buy some of those sandals. Oh, a little scarf, I'll buy that. How much could that be? How much more do you want me to spend? Oh, they won't tell you like a number. There's no official rule. You just keep shopping. You come back a couple more times, you buy a couple more pairs of flip flops and a wallet, whatever. Then you chat with your sales associate, your buddy, your bestie, and you're like, Hey girly, are there maybe any bags in today? They're like, absolutely not. See you next time. But you better buy something or else you're literally getting pressured, feeling obligated to potentially spend five, 10, $20,000 on stuff that you may or may not want. Or like just for the opportunity to one day be offered the privilege of buying a Birkin. This is such rich people shit, I like, I can't even fathom it and it's so fascinating but also really scary. But also, I don't know, it kind of feels like gambling I guess. Like when you're just like, I'm in the mood to throw away money, I'm gonna be reckless. That's like when I buy $20 worth of scratchers, I'm like, anything could happen. Maybe this is gonna change my life and then I make back $3. There is a whole argument about like Birkins and Kelly's that they are like serious investment pieces and I'm not gonna dig deep into that, but apparently they hold their value very well and especially obviously the better you know condition they're in and because they're such sought after bags, they can be extremely valuable If you ever wanna resell, so like you're not necessarily throwing away tens of thousands of dollars, it's an investment. But before we continue, this portion of today's video is sponsored by Kitch. Kitch is a haircare company best known for their shampoo and conditioner bars. I love that these cut down on single use plastic. Each bar is equivalent to two plastic bottles so they're better for the environment and great for my hair. Today I wanna share a few of my favorite products. These are the rosemary and biotin bars. My hair tends to fall very flat, so I need all the volumizing help I can get. I also have been using the brightening body wash bar all set up in this cute little soap dish which self drains. So no soggy soap if you've never used a shampoo bar, basically you can either lather it in your hands or you can rub the bar directly onto your hair. I like to focus just on my roots and mids and you just lather it like usual. Same goes for conditioner, except I would focus on the ends after my shower. I topped everything off with their texture, sea salt spray just to try to give my waves a little bit of a boost. Overall my hair feels very soft and clean. I just washed today and no joke, my mother-in-law even pointed out that my hair looks shinier. So next time you are shopping for haircare, check out kitch. You can use the link in my description to get 25% off your first order. Some commenters have made the point that rich people are so bored that they have to like make up new challenges for themselves. And I think that is a, an element to some, some of these situations, if you want to be part of the club of Birkin and Kelly Hermes owners, you have to put in the work. Okay? And these rich people are so hardworking they have to go to the store like 15 times a year. Oh my god, I'm being a little too, a little too petty right off the bat. Okay, I'm trying to reel it back. I guess for Hermes customers a huge part of the appeal is like how gratifying and validating it feels to be like chosen and offered this opportunity. It makes you feel special and again it proves your worth, your value, your literal wealth and ability to, to buy all this shit. And then of course you get to physically carry and show off your status symbol of your Birkin or Kelly. Let's watch the more clips. Me begging the Hermes sales associate to sell me a $10,000 bag, it - Would be so awesome. It would be so cool. - So again, you'll see people on social media either like live vlogging, their pursuit of a Birkin, come - With me to Hermes to see what my essay's gonna offer me. Hopefully a Birkin - Showing the times that they've shopped and failed to be offered. One - We are outside of Hermes and I am trying to get a Birkin 30 25 or 15 today. I pretty much already know that they are just not gonna give me one, but I don't know. Fingers crossed. I really wanted 25. - This is probably like our 10th attempt at getting this bag. - I'm truly just baffled. Again, I'm not a luxury or designer girl, like my most designer stuff is like my everyday purse is a vintage coach bag. Love it so much. I've just never personally been into it. I most of my life was pretty broke, couldn't afford it anyway. And luckily I, I didn't yearn for it. Made my life a little better. You know the type of person who's like, I have expensive taste. I do not sometimes I wish I did. I don't really have an eye for it. I'm not a huge, huge shopper in general. So again this is a window into a very interesting world for me. But just watching these reactions of people getting their their Birkin. - I'm in Aspen and I just blew a dummy bag at the Aires store. - What happened? - Good - Fucking, what the fuck? So guys, my essay from Hermes called me. I got the, - I'm in Paris Bonzo. This is giving like college admissions energy, POV, you are 23 and you just bought your first Birkin with your own money and changed your core belief that only a man can buy it for you. And on one hand I get it, like there's that classic like girl boss angle of like get your own money, be your own rich man as Cher said like wow financial independence, being able to rely on yourself and treat yourself once in a while. But again, like the goal being like who can value you a bargain, a man or yourself. I'm like, does that have to be the goal? I don't know. There are definitely like material things that I've bought myself that I felt really proud about. Like when I bought my first car when I was like 17, it was a little junker but I was really proud of it. I was really happy. I saw this comment that said maybe consider changing your core values instead if getting a Birkin makes you cry. Woo. It's still just crazy to watch the unboxings because I'm like, yeah, like we all know the feeling of being excited opening up like something you bought but I just can't relate to like what it feels like to buy something that cost thousands of dollars and I'm trying to embody that feeling and I just have no idea. If you've ever bought anything that expensive, let me know. I think one of my most expensive things ever was my wedding dress and I believe that was around $1,200, which in hindsight regret it. Different topic. But yeah, I think that's definitely the most expensive like piece of clothing I've ever purchased. I think if I were unboxing a purse I just bought for five or 10 grand, I would feel so sick to my stomach just full of grabbing like what the fuck? I just all that money for for this purse. Okay. So I needed to look through the Hermes website to see how much money all these things cost. Okay? Like again, if we're playing the game and we've gotta buy a bunch of shit, what are we shopping for? Right? Okay, I, I'll buy a key chain, 40 bucks, $40 key chains a lot, try a $90 washcloth, $200 children's plates and $1,100 bath set, which is comprised of a washcloth towel and a hairbrush a $2,700 diaper bag. But these are, these are more the classic items, okay? And Hermes scarf, they all start at like $400, okay? And they can go up these classic orange sandals. These are like a, a favorite Hermes item $840 I guess like I'm only familiar with the knockoffs 'cause I'm like oh I've seen similar styles at like TJ Maxx or wherever and yeah I'm sure they're their knockoffs of Hermes. That's the whole point. But still, I'm like I don't think you can convince me that any pair of sandals is worth $840 stressing me out. Actually continuing on, there's home decor, there's all sorts of little bits and bobs $900 throw pillows. This is where the, okay 'cause some things I'm like okay artisan pieces that are like handcrafted like wonderful materials. I get it. Like again, rugs can be very expensive, especially high quality like handmade ones. Sure. What's in that $30,000 globe, huh? $17,000 picnic basket at a point. I'm like that's where you are falling for the brand propaganda. Like clearly that's like such a huge portion of this is just like the obsession with the brand with the logo. Like you wouldn't buy that bath set if it was just from Target but because it's Hermes and it's a status symbol, somebody out there is paying $1,100 to give this gift at a baby shower and that that bath towel is going to get shot on. I don't know, buy a baby. To be clear again, like I know every brand has to have their markup. Like nobody is charging exactly what production of whatever thing costs, but that profit margin can be very wide and it's just kind of atrocious sometimes. Okay? - Nobody knows for sure how much money you have to spend in order to get offered a bag. I think it is very different for everyone. However, I would say you need to spend a minimum of 10 to $20,000 before you're even offered a quota bag. It probably won't be the exact bag that you want. In fact, a lot of the times you are offered a bag that you didn't even ask for and that is the IMEs game. - This is my favorite part of the IMEs game is that you are not necessarily gonna be offered the bag you want or the color or anything. I love that. It really is psychological warfare. They like invite you to the store, you go into your little room, they're like, we have something for you. And you're like, oh my god, this is it. And you open it up and it's like a shitty little bag and a color nobody wanted and you're like oh my God. Like thinking you're being proposed to and it turns out to be like a pair of earrings. Great, we've put together eight years, it's fine. No I'm happy. Then we've got the cheapy bags, the the loser bags as they're pretty much known. Like yes people buy these bags and they're nice but they're, they're definitely not a Birkin. Okay the Evelyn a nice little cross body. I would like this, this is, this is my style of bag $3,800. Okay, what? Who doesn't have 3,800 bucks burning a hole in your pocket And the kind of infamous pic aine, I think that's how it's pronounced 4,000, right? There's actually kind of a running joke I guess of people you know getting a call from their sales sales associate and they're coming in, we have something for you. They go into the store, they're so excited, they open up the box. It's a ine fuck. POV Hermes offers you a ine and not a Birkin. - I'm okay, yeah, - Sorry. And they have to pretend like they're excited 'cause they've been offered a bag, which is a big deal. Okay, you're in the leather department. I feel like I'm losing my mind 'cause I've been in like Hermes mentally today. Yeah you're there, you're, you're being offered a bag which is an honor. Don't question it and here's your bag and it's beautiful and like whether or not you like this style of these bags that doesn't even matter. Here's a bag. It's just not the style you asked for. 'cause nobody asked for these ones and it's definitely not the color you asked for because who cares about your preferences and it's $4,000, buy it. I dare you buy it or we'll never offer you the $20,000 bag you really want. And so these girlies are just like, alright, I love my little ine, I love my Evelyn. - I see someone doing an Hermes hall and they seem so annoyed and they're like, yeah, so I bought this blanket that I didn't even want and these shoes and they were so pissed off and I was like, what is going on? And then they eventually said, yeah, I'm just trying to get my spending up and continue to build a relationship with my sales associate - To be mad about feeling forced into spending thousands of dollars on stuff you didn't want. Again, it's a problem many people would love to have. That's just so funny. And to like post about it, to be like pissed off and be like, I had to get my spending up. Ugh, what could I do? I had to buy the things I didn't want. Again, rich people, problems are so in another world that's crazy, like you have free will, why are you buying into this? Are you being held hostage in the Hermes store? These 4,000 bags are just a side quest in addition to the sandals and the scarves and the silly little bag charms and whatever. They're just a side quest in your journey to get to the Birkin. To get to the Himalayas, dare I say because yeah, the most expensive Birkin is this, the Himalaya Himalayan, these resale for over a hundred grand, sometimes over 200 grand. Which again, money is fake I guess when it comes to Kelly's, the most expensive I saw on a resale site was $75,000. Okay? There were many Kelly's in the 40 to 60,000 range. The cheapest Kelly was around 6,000. The cheapest Birkin on this website was like 9,000. Okay? So that, that gives us a lot of wiggle room. Alright? Again, just collect your spare tens of thousands of dollars, take your pick and here's someone else sharing their tips for the Hermes game. Number four, be normal. Please don't ask your Hermes sales associate about a quota bag every single time you see them, you're not allowed to ask about the one thing you actually want. You have to play it. Cool. This really is dating. Please don't throw a tantrum. Get angry, cry or be a weirdo. I'm like, okay, valid advice for many public interactions. Act like an adult and be respectful. It's just a bag and it's supposed to be fun. - I guess - On one hand it is just a bag of course, but it's also now a hobby that you've thrown thousands of dollars and many visits to the store time and energy into. So yeah, it's hard. It's hard to stay chill. All right? I imagine number five, it's called the Hermes game because you never really know how long it will take or exactly what quota bag you will be offered. Yeah, you, you don't know. It could take literally years. You could spend way over 20 grand and for some reason you'll never get offered the bag you want. You never know. Or you could get lucky. Some people get an offer like the first time they walk into a store, they buy like one scarf. Who knows? Isn't that fun? That's part of the game. I love playing games. How much I spent and what I bought before being offered my first Birkin sandals 450 Euros. A couple more pairs. I'm gonna say these sandals are ugly. I'm gonna say it in my opinion. A card holder, silk scarves, this 600 euro mini built total around 5,000 euros. You don't need to spend insane amounts of money to get a bag. 5,000 euros is not a lot of money. I love this world in which people again agree to play this game and then decide that having spent $5,000 as like your entry fee is totally worth it and actually not a lot of money. That's fun. That's a fun life. And finally, we get to your special day. Okay, you've been waiting for this for a long time. You, you get a call from your sales associate. Hello, we may have something for you. Come to the store. Are you kidding me? Today's the day they bring you to a private room, you're hanging out, you're so nervous, what's gonna happen? You've got butterflies and then they present their offering. They show you the iconic orange box, the dust bag, and it's probably not your top choice. What do you do if they give you something you don't necessarily want? You can be brave. You can ask, Hey, do you have anything else? Are there any other options? Do you have any other colors? Maybe you don't wanna push your luck though. Okay, we're still in the game. You think the game's over, it never ends. Alright? You're still walking the tightrope. You cannot piss off your sales associate. You don't wanna seem disrespectful. Alright? You also don't wanna seem broke. No broke energy here. Oh, what? You don't wanna buy this bag? Why do you not have unlimited money? Are you a loser? Grow up. So you have to play your cards very, very carefully. My favorite thing from a lot of these videos is like, you don't even necessarily hear them be like, oh yeah, I thought about it. Oh I actually really do love this bag. I love this shape. It actually suits what I wanted. It's just more like bag offered and they're like, yes, I'll take it. Whatever it is, yes. Again, I guess there are certain customers who even if they disliked it, they wouldn't voice it. Because again, even just being offered to buy a bag, being invited to buy a bag is considered a big deal. - Quick story time on how I got offered a quota bag at my very first ever Hermes appointment with absolutely zero purchase history, - Zero purchase history. - This is me walking with my sales associate. I was shaking at this point. I was absolutely so nervous. - Okay, my last video about the influencer accent, one comment was like when influencers are like, I'm so scared and they're like eating a yogurt. That's so funny. I'm shaking. I'm freaking out. They're about to offer me a a purse I can buy. - And this was the very first bag that she offered me. I don't know how this is life. I don't know how I got this lucky. Also, this color is incredibly, incredibly rare. This is a Birken 25 with palladium hardware, Togo leather, and the color is een, which is a gorgeous chocolate brown. This is me trying her on as if I wasn't gonna get her. Of course I was going to get her. - Of course I was going to get her. Of course, again, I think, I think a majority of people who are invited back into the room and that's the whole point of like building up this like brand loyalty. Obviously the game they know they've already got you at least 85% of the way there. Regardless of what they show you, you're already mostly invested. It would have to take a pretty bad bag for you to not buy it. - I am in utter shock. In utter awe. Just like taking in all of her gorgeousness. - I'm in shock and awe. It's a purse. It's a purse. I'm not luxury clientele. I know that, but like it's a purse. All right, let's go to our next shopper. - I think I, mez must have seen all the hate comments I was getting about wearing my Kelly too much because they finally offered me a Birkin. I had it to the store and waited patiently, wondering if this was one giant prank. But lo and behold, the orange box came out and - I love the music. The magical wistful, whimsical music. Like Christmas Day, well I guess it is on Christmas Day. Yeah, - I wanna see almost fainted. I was offered a Birkin at 25 in Kaban Blue, which - Pause that is 8,580 pounds. And that's not even the end of the shopping trip. - Stop was Harris's. I wanted to get Annie something for helping me. She's been my assistant for nearly two years and I would never be able to get a Birkin without her. - To hear someone say, I could never do this without you. And we're talking about buying a purse, incredible fantasy world that some people live in. - Chose a Louis Vuitton passport holder and then we headed upstairs for some lunch. I've never been here, but it was so cute and cozy. Obviously had to get the tube home to humble myself. This is - The, sorry, hold on. Had to get the tube home to humble myself. I could unpack this for an entire hour. Okay, do you need to be humbled? Maybe if you feel you do the fact that taking the tube is a humbling experience according to you. Hilarious. Again, whoa, taking public transportation. How humbling. Alright, did you also probably just use it as an opportunity to like weirdly show off your Hermes bag on the tube. But what I mean here is like taking the tube in itself is for the content. Like that's an interesting twist for your video. And you get to like film the B-roll of like you in the tube within herm bag. And does everyone in here know that? I just got a blue Birkin. Hello? It's like, wait, actually that doesn't seem humble at all. Oh my God, my bang look like a helmet right now. Help, like trying to show off like I'm a cool girl. Like yes, yes. I take public transportation once in a while. But then I saw another one of her videos and she said this buying a Pico teen because it's the only Hermes bag that's safe to wear in London. And at first I was like, what do you mean? I guess she's implying that any other bag is gonna put you at risk of like being mugged or whatever, being targeted. But that this pico teen, again $4,000 bag is like chill enough. I get it. Like, you know, it is good to have your wits about you when you go out in public, especially in a city. Like it's, if you're not paying attention, it's easy to have pickpocket, pickpocket, you know, your phone could be stolen, your bag. You gotta, you gotta be aware of your surroundings and maybe not, you know, flex all your best jewelry or like anything that's irreplaceable. I get it. But yeah, yeah, to say that like a $4,000 luxury bag is like your throwaway, everyday casual bag is hilarious. Also, I don't know this girl Lee, but the implications she's making about London and like the inherent lack of safety on the tube, I'm just like, ooh, yikes. - This is the second bag I've got from the Irma's wishlist. I can't believe it's mine. I feel so lucky and I'm so grateful. I'm officially a Birken mom. - That's another recurring theme that I saw in a lot of these videos is the idea of being a lucky girl, lucky girl syndrome, which of course is like related to the law of attraction. Like manifesting, bringing all the things you want into your life. And it's like, I don't know if like, again, having money, spending money and then getting to buy a bag falls under lucky girl syndrome. I don't know if you're lucky, it's, it appears you're just rich. I think that's a pretty straightforward thing because if this were lucky girl syndrome, wouldn't we be getting random people off the street who've spent $0 maybe walking by an herm med store and they open the door and they say, Hey you please take a free Birkin. And you say, ah, really? And they say, yeah, it's your lucky day. That's kind of more what I would say or maybe lucky is just now. Like the new euphemism for Rich. Yes. I'm very, very lucky. We know what that means. Wink, wink. It's the same thing as being like I come from a comfortable family. We're like, oh okay. Three vacation homes. Got it. - It's crazy because 20,000 people apply a day and only 200 people get appointments. I - Feel my lucky girl - Syndrome. It was a shit show to get here. But since I've got here, I've been lucky so much so far. - Right. Another element is you, you have to, I guess, be lucky enough in the Hermes lottery to even get an appointment. - I literally walked into Hermes today and they offered me a bag. I go to Paris every single year for my birthday. So I had a feeling if I walked into Hermes today, she would offer me my dream bag. I was having a lot of nervous energy because I think it's finally happening. - First of all, I absolutely love all of the content that is being filmed in every Hermes store. The number of influencers who must go in there and and film their vlogs. Of course they've gotta document the process. You can't just buy a Birkin without filming it. I get it, I'm an influencer, but I just love it. 'cause I'm like, I would feel insecure because I'm not in fancy places. Often I'd feel insecure filming, but there's this like twist where it's like probably the, the richer you are, the more comfortable you are filming because like again, you feel like you deserve to be here and you don't feel self-conscious. Even like vlogging in public and like half of the shots are like a, there's an air about them, you know? There's like a confidence and almost like a, like a very like deserving. It really is like winter vibes, lucky girl vibes I guess. Am I making any sense? I don't know. - Spoiler alert, I ended up leaving Hermes with two bads today. So if you wanna see what they look like, stay tuned. Left Hermes - With two bags, two bags. - Let me tell you all about it. I made an app with my essay to renew my wishlist and my plan was literally to pop in for five minutes, gave my name, sat down and waited. Any person who has ever shopped at Hermes knows that you could be waiting one minute or one hour, - Sorry, you have an appointment and you might just be waiting an hour. Who knows? In what other circumstance would these rich people tolerate that? You know, some commenters asked whether like this entire Hermes game is really a humiliation ritual. And I'm like, you've got a point there. You really do. And someone else wrote, honestly, being an Hermes sales associate seems so fun. It's like being a dominatrix but for rich people. And I'm like, yeah, kind of spend more money. How much money do you have as if I, I'm not gonna role play being a financial dominatrix right now, but you can imagine somebody else said not exactly. It's more like an abusive spouse that promised you something a million times and yet never delivered. Yeah. I'm like, yeah, let's not disrespect the dominatrixes here. - This is where things took a turn. My came over looking horrified and informed me that he had double booked me. He was extremely apologetic and said, is there anything I - Need? Again, I love her vlogging and filming her annoyed expressions. It really adds a lot of flavor to the video. I'm glad we get to see what she's really thinking. - So I took my chance and asked for a bag. He said, I promise if we have it, it's yours. He beckoned over to a manager and told her by no uncertain terms to get me this bag. - This is so dramatic. I love it. Ah, it's fascinating. Hold on. My sales associates are calling. - We have a nice surprise for you. - Within moments I'd been taken to her room while she went off to find set bag - Again. I love that all these girlies are openly vlogging in Hermes. Like they're trying to seem chill, but they also are trying to film and capture their excitement and their nervous energy. So that contrast is really interesting, like you would think in person in the store. Yeah, you wanna be calm collected. Hmm. Maybe even like a little disinterested. Hmm. But then like on camera you're like, you're like, oh you have a bag for me. Okay, let's see it. - Holy shit. She then proceeded to walk in with two boxes - I think again, is she by herself in the room right now or is the sales associate right off camera? I love an open vlogger. It's very brave. - I have wanted the mini Evelyn for the last year or so and no joke, I have probably asked close to 15 times. - 15 times asking 15 times. That takes so much dedication. I simply would give up after maybe two asks if this was something I was trying to do. 15 is long. - I agreed to take the black mini but just asked her to double check. There had no others in my other color choices. What she did next took me by complete surprise - Again, I love the way that she's narrating this. What happened next may surprise you. - You then produced the bag in gold with gold hardware and then again in dark green with gold hardware. I was a bit lost for words. I consistently asked for this bag for the last year and suddenly I'm being offered the bag in all my favorite colors. - Now this is interesting 'cause a lot of people talk about in the Hermes game, like are these sales associates just messing with you because yeah, randomly all of a sudden they pull all this stock outta the back and it's like, wait for 15 visits you've been telling me you have nothing and then today you have four different bags and you're offering them to me all at once. What's going on? I don't know if that is part of the elaborate scarcity strategy. I feel like it does add to the excitement of like the gamble, you know? 'cause you're like, oh, like I've seen some people on TikTok. They get invited to the back room and they get offered four things. So I feel like it increases your, your hope as a shopper, but also again it's such a roll of the dice. 'cause sometimes you get back there and they offer you one bag only and they're like, Nope, that's it. That's the only option today. So you never know what you're gonna get. - I decided to take that instead. We then updated my wishlist and I paid what an unexpected Ms surprise. - That's my favorite as well is like you buy a bag and then you're immediately adding something else to your wishlist because of course it's not even just assumed, but like it's guaranteed that you will be buying another Hermes bag in the near future. It's not even like, oh, I finally got my bag. I'm good. Like even if, if that was like a Birkin, there's zero chance that she buys her one Birkin and she's like, all right, I'm good for life. Thanks. See ya. It's like, no, that's just the beginning of the addiction. The collection now is when you really get to start branching out. - The first bag I bought was a Constance, which was extremely expensive. I paid six and a half thousand pounds for it last year. - 6,000 pound bag last year. - Okay. This bag in comparison was much, much less. As I mentioned in my previous videos, I have been after this bag for a good year or so. It's probably one of the cheapest bags that Hermes sells. It is in fact the mini Evelyn, - The mini Evelyn, a little, little cheapy bag, just a little tiny something. - She was able to source four of the Evelyn's for me, three mini, one medium. - And I am obsessed with the source language. She was able to source this for me. Again, it's like, you mean like she grabbed it from the back? The illusion of scarcity. If you mean source as in somewhere further down the line, your sales associate like specifically ordered and had a bag come in just for you. I guess you could consider that sourcing. But again, I'm like, if I'm just like going back there and grabbing a couple more colors, I don't know if we're gonna be calling that sourcing. All right, I'm gonna source some dinner soon. - And it is purely just a casual day-to-day bag for running errands. It is not meant to be a special bag. It doesn't replace the Kelly or the Birkin. It's just an easy bag. This bag was 1,660 pounds, which for es, I feel is quite reasonable. - 1,600 pounds just for your casual everyday bag. You know your run around town bag your shit bag again to be at this level of wealth. Can't imagine it. Here's the thing though, I will say I am absolutely in favor of people using their bags. If you're gonna be buying luxury designer bags, I would love to see people out and about, like I love the, a lot of people reference this, but like Jane Burke and herself, her bags were beat up. They were used like she would just throw anything in 'em. She would put all the little charms and crazy stuff on 'em and that's like why that became a trend. But like that was genuine. Like she genuinely loved and used her bags. Same thing with like Mary Kate and Ashley Olson. Like a lot of people point to them and they're like, oh icons that like wow, they're so chic that they actually use their bags and you can see their, their bags are so like worn in and loved and like crumpled and casual and it's like, yeah, again, in this whole huge conversation about like old money, new money, quiet luxury. It's like a lot of times what really gives off more of like an effortless wealthy vibe is like, oh, you're so rich that like you don't even have to treasure your Birkin. Like you use that Birkin, you take it out, it gets dirty and scuffed and like you, you use it. Wow. And again, I get that some people buy these as investment pieces and literally put them in their closet, never touch them, they're in a dust bag safe. You know, that's your strategy. But yeah, I just, again, I love to see people actually use their bags. If you're gonna spend even 1600 pounds on a, on a little day bag, good use it. Like that's a high quality bag. You should get some really great use out of it. I would much rather see these bags out in a boot rather than being hidden away. Let's continue with the delusion. - I will never understand the hype behind Hermes. The marketing is genius. I don't understand, I don't wanna understand. It is delusion. That's what it is. The day you thought I was gonna come in your store and spend my own money to purchase a bag that you feel like giving me the day you thought you were gonna ignore the bag that I told you I wanna buy and bring me out, whatever is available and I'm supposed to just take it 'cause it's Hermes, that whole store can go to hell. And then some of them are made with whatever kind of leather that is so delicate that you can't have lotion on your hands when you touch it because the oil from the lotion will ruin the bag. Or you gotta buy a twilley to protect the handle or you can't close the bag. You gotta wear it open looking crazy because it's too much of a hassle to unlock the bag. What? - That's pretty funny. Yeah. If the bag is so precious that you're scared to touch it. Not a fan. Not a fan. Makes sense. Why I am not the ideal luxury bag consumer, but I guess that's the central thing of why this doesn't compute to me. I'm like the idea of buying a bag that I'm not gonna use 'cause it's too nice. That doesn't add up to me. I've been rocking my vintage coach bag. I think I've had it for, I almost just said her influenced by this video. I've had her for I think two years now. I wear her every day. She's full of crumbs and receipts, sometimes has some diaper cream on the side. Yogurt. You never know. I'm the type of person that can't even really have a white shirt because it will get stained like immediately. My daughter's in a a berry phase right now. Anything, any outfit I put on this is gonna have some blackberries on it. And by the way, I do hear and acknowledge just how, not like other girls, I'm sounding throughout this entire video. I'm not a luxury girl. We get it. I know. I'm not trying to be annoying. I'm not trying to say I'm better or different. I'm just saying I'm not wired for this. I've got my special interests. Okay, - It's giving jealous. Jealous. Why would I be jealous? I have the Bodhi fall winter 2007 flute satchel I seen on Gossip Girl. Anyway, it doesn't matter if you like it 'cause I like it and it was bought with intention. I was addressing the women who don't like their bags but felt compelled to buy them anyway. - Yeah, I think that's a, an important point is like nobody is literally forcing you to buy that bag. You're admitting that you bought a bag you don't like 'cause you felt like you had to. That's objectively a weird and crazy thing to do no matter how much money you have. I'm like, that's wild. Okay. And again, I love, I love when people figure out something that they truly enjoy. That's all I wanna see is people being like, Hey, I found my bag. Whether it's like a $5 bag, you thrifted it, it's a $5,000 bag, whatever you find one that you truly love, you use it all the time. You get a ton of use and wear out of it. I'm like, yeah, cool. Awesome. I will support that over like hoarding a bunch of bags any day. Lastly, perhaps you've watched all this and you realize I don't wanna play the game. Okay, I am not interested. Great news, you can just buy the exact bag you want from a reseller. You can shop secondhand. Some of these bags are like brand new, but yeah, not getting them directly from the store. These are actually more expensive because again, the, the Birkin resale market is so crazy. But regardless, it's like, okay, at least you don't have to pay the like fees of the Hermes game. Therefore like channel your big budget straight to the bag you actually want and the color you want. Wow. A concept. There's this account that shows people shopping in this luxury, you know, resale store. And it's pretty fascinating. - I'm not getting any younger, I don't have time for her mess to offer me a bag. So I'm here to buy my dream bag. - We don't have the badge yet. - Yes, I think I, I - Really like this too. - Okay. - I don't, I don't, I can have the both of them. Can I, I mean - I love the awkward pause. She's like, I'm joking, but can I have two baby? - You said you don't have a budget so she's right. Well we only came for one bag. There you go. Yes, - You're right. He's like, no, we came here for one. Also, again, perpetuating the stereotype of like, my man will buy me my bag. I'm just like, ugh. I mean, I guess, hey, if you have a man who will buy you your bag, that's great, good for you. But I don't know if you view it as like, okay, here's your partner and they wanna get you this gift that you really want and they've got the budget to buy you something real fancy, whatever really special. Okay. But again, it's always like the specific lens of woman asking husband to buy her her nice bag. It's like, ugh, I don't like it. I don't like a scenario where the man has all the power. - So we just sold a Birkin 25 Verdu matte alligator on gold hardware to this gorgeous lady. - That bag is expensive. I think I saw that on another retail site for like 60,000. I wanna work in one of these shops and like try to be really annoying about the French pronunciation. Es my French is flopping, I'm losing it. And lastly, I have to show off this woman buying a Birkin for a very special occasion. - We're having a gender reveal party. The results are in this envelope and I need to buy either a pink or a blue bag is for my sister. - Okay. That - Is actually so exciting. - We love a gender reveal and we love buying a 30,000 pound bag for that occasion. Rich people. Shit, I love it. - I - Hope it's a girl, but I think it's a boy because it's a girl. Oh my God, that's so good. Oh, that's a lovely, she would love that. It's so cute. She will love that. And how much is it? It's up upward. 25,000 pounds. Amazing. Is this the one we're going with? This is it. - Perfect, - But now I'm like, okay, I wish we saw the actual gender reveal because what is the reveal? Is the reveal Is the reveal? Are you telling me that the reveal is gonna be, there's a party, everyone's there. They pull out a box, it's orange. Everyone's like, ah, it's Hermes. They pull out something. It's a Birkin. Oh wait, it's pink. It's a girl. Oh, okay. Gender reveals are always absurd. But honestly, I'm like, again, if I were the type who enjoyed luxury bags such as this, I'd be like, yeah, let's use my gender reveal as an excuse for you to gift me a 30,000 pound bag. Yeah, I want a pink Birkin. That's a good reason actually. Anyway, wow. Final thoughts. Again, if you're gonna spend so much fricking money on a bag, please use it. Please stop with the collections. I just, I try to give the benefit of the doubt to people who have collections. I'm like, yeah, it's fine to have a collection, but I'm like, is it though Abby made a great video near the end of her video? Oh, did she? Abby made a great point at the end of her video - Goal for Hermes, it has always been about creating a product that will last for decades. So you only need to purchase one or maybe two. Displaying multiple unused or Megs bags on your shelves in your closet as the background for your tiktoks is just as disgusting as buying into a fast fashion product that's mass produced in questionable factories with shitty materials that will never decompose. If you didn't have 20 fucking birkins to overinflate your ego, there would be more birkins to go around. Thus ending the game quickly To my millennials, did you just lose the game? - Yeah. Like to buy a literal hand sewn, incredibly high quality piece of craftsmanship to buy this bag and not even get to use it or appreciate it. And again, like that one bag could have so much life. It's such good quality. It could last forever. To think that so many of those bags, the vast majority of these bags, like Birkins and Kelly's are pretty much unused and just sit on display or maybe even hide away in a bag or a box somewhere, just feels so wasteful and pointless. Again, for the sake of someone's collection, just to say they have it to say they have X number of birkins or I guess again, that's their low key, high key investment strategy, which, all right. Anyway, thank you again to Kitch for sponsoring today's video. Very excited you guys to have a sponsor on this channel because that means this channel will actually be feasible for me to, to afford to spend time on. So we'll be making more videos, more casual commentary videos. I hope you guys enjoyed this one. Let me know how much money you've spent at Hermes and how many Birkins and Kelly's you've bought so far. I've bought literally 25 scarves and 43 pairs of sandals and they haven't offered me anything. I'm sick of it. Okay, thanks. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TiffanyFerguson [347 likes]: yay, we're back on the 2nd channel!! more videos to come soon, let me know if you have other topic requests!
  2. @JoseGasset [1 likes]: The point you made of Jane Birkin or the Olsen actually using their bags it's the same thing that happens with watches, specially Rolex. The first guys using it use the crap out of them, swam in them, went to the jungle and mountains with them... And now it's just a rich symbol that people don't want to use due to fear of s scratch
  3. @rebeccajesse4604 [1 likes]: If I wanted to spend $3k on a bag…it would be to take classes on leather working and learning to make my dream bag myself. I could buy a decent leather sewing machine for another $3K. The amount some of these bags cost, I could buy the cow the leather comes from.

ETA: lol honestly this is more appealing to me as I love crafting and learning new crafts. Way more fun than the Hermes game
  4. @nuria6497 [1 likes]: the big cities are sooo dangerous and scary is so funny for me as a woman who always lived in big cities and only takes public transport (also alone at night)
  5. @olddays-tw9xe: yay! Finally someone is talking about this! I keep hearing about it but no videos discuss it specifically for some reason. Glad this video popped up on my recommendation
  6. @WeilerMinervini: A cost-effective choice for a daily wearer.  :yt: amzswis :yt: has many cost-effective daily wear options.
  7. @itsmaddieb2393: If I wanted my time wasted, I would just go on a date with a man. Not shop for a purse. 😂
  8. @ihavelegs: Nah lol 😂it's not like that. It's more like they couldn't really afford the bag so they had to take the tube afterwards. When you make a significant purchase you gotta make sacrifices.
  9. @SherylBarnes-k5f: The bags bought at :yt: amzrepe :yt: have a very high return rate! Friends all asked me where I bought them, and I was very happy to find this treasure!
  10. @honestlyno4240: What is the deal just force people to buy a bunch a junk hoping you will get offered a bag you might not want but have to get in hopes eventually you will get offered a Birken is whack!
  11. @dt8694: it is just a tuesday, buying several hermes kelly and birkin bags is just another purchase. you make it sound like a big deal but it is not.
  12. @svetikchum6988: Is working and saving money towards something you want privilege? Like if you're born and your family makes poor choices and you also don't extend yourself in any way to rise above your means or generate more and I'm not saying that that's easier always possible because there's a lot of times things like limiting beliefs but having a hater or judgmental mindset is not helpful now would I play this Ermes game? Would I spend money on these bags? No, I wouldn't. I'm not interested but I also don't feel that other people are privileged because they have more money. That's such a defeats victim mindset. It's so disgusting and that's also very different from the from the from the small fraction of people who have excessive or corrupt wealth, and that's the outlier right and and I'm not talking about that similar to how some people who are offered all the social welfare programs and shelter. Still choose to live on the street. You know I'm not talking about extremes but in the middle, you know we have free will if I if I wanted to work three jobs and have three incomes I could have it but the thing I can't do is claim other people have privilege for either the jobs they have the degrees. They have even if it's the things that they've inherited that doesn't last forever you still most people are not living off generational like wealth in that way people are adjusting to the new world. There's a lot of money to be made your life decisions the credentials that you might have and when I say credentials, I'm not talking about somebody that just has like a bachelors degree in nothing. The doctors don't even make that much but if somebody's a doctor or they're a lawyer or they work hard or they have some unique skill set or they make art and then making a ton of money do I feel that they have a privilege no, that's such an ugly way to look at the world and not people that's because you and people that think like this, expect everything to be handed to them. That's very strange. I suggest you work on that because you will attract more from the universe when you don't when you don't think that way, it's a really negative and low vibrational energy to have.
  13. @TonyMontanaDS: Luxury brands are for broke people. I didn't achieve financial freedom by spending money on this stuff. One of these bags costs $600 to manufacture. People love getting ripped off so they can show off to their other broke friends.
  14. @liiviplumkvist5746: You always can go 2nd hand market.
  15. @One2under: it`s so hilarious how they cry for accomplishing of getting a pricey bag. makes them look very dumb.
  16. @machinegods: i will not lie to you, psychologically torturing wealthy people seems like a fun gig.
  17. @alphabets0ng: The “rich” people you see, are mostly just influencers. Real rich people do not post on social media.
  18. @ihaveaDUI9485: hermes sales associate is the only customer service job ive heard of that actively dissuades the customer from bitching out the staff... and its because you're carrot and sticking rich people who love pay to play and edging based humiliation rituals. 
seriously, if you format anything as a sort of delayed gratification pain humiliation scheme, rich people fall for it 10/10 times. its crazy.
  19. @im_cart8656: i am a very cynical person.. but women are capable of a level of consumerism that i could not have guessed even existed.
  20. @axosrain4825: The stuff I seen on this site.     😅 yeah no...If i was rich I would go to a store that actually has stuff I want to buy and no games.

- Transportation company providing luxury rides to and from World Cup games in DFW: Kind: captions Language: en The final touches are being put on this luxury sprinter, making its debut during the World Cup games in Arlington. -- And no one is more excited -- because this is an opportunity of a lifetime. Then Chic Williams, -- co-owner of ATM Luxury -- Fleet, start building a major company that did luxury sprinters. She and business partner Kendrick Williams, no relation, contracted with Legends Conversion in Alvarado to build out 12 sprinters just in time for the World Cup. We will be picking up from hotels out of Fort Worth and Arlington. -- Some of -- Dallas during the World Cup games, Williams expects to move at least 10,000 people, and all of them will experience this kind of luxury. Everything for you. They have, they have beds, they have bathrooms, -- they have -- TVs. Parking will not only be expensive. For games, lots will fill up fast too. -- The -- lighting changes. Anything you desire, this truck has an ice chest and the comfort in the seats. Despite not landing a FIFA transportation contract, Williams says they're in a good space. 700,000 people here for 40 days off and on, -- so we should be -- good. And they can even boast about who they've had the luxury of serving. People like Patti LaBelle. There's A big extra plug and the thousands of soccer fans they hope -- to transport can expect the same royal -- treatment. We provide water, soda. If they want a cocktail. They're able to have a cocktail because they're not driving. -- We're doing all the -- driving in Arlington. I'm Scoop Jefferson.

- Power-ups & prestige: 5 epic video game x luxury brand collabs: Kind: captions Language: en the worldwide gaming Market's worth about 350 billion luxury goods bring in the same believe it or not this Odd Couple teams up time and time again here are some of the biggest gaming luxury collabs in this week's Five for Friday PlayStations paired with Nike in the past but their work with Balenciaga in 2020 is on another level yeah the shirts and hoodies look kind of basic but they still fetched 675 and 875 respectively consoles were hard to get at the time and these threads cost more than one anyway Balenciaga kept leaning in the entire fall 21 fashion show had a video game Motif they also took items into the virtual world with fortnite skins 100 thieves is a gaming Lifestyle brand with Esports teams and content creation house the crew includes big gaming names like nade shot Valkyrie and courage in the summer of 21 they partnered with Gucci for their own branded version of the fashion houses off thee grid backpack basically made it red and threw a 100 thieves logo on it but the exclusive collection of 200 packs brought in 2500 bucks each pretty pretty pricey when you can snag a Jan Sport for 70 okay okay in 2019 Louis Vuitton launched a collab with one of the most popular games on the planet League of Legends The Collection had 40 pieces most north of a grand and the most expensive was this $5,600 leather jacket outfitting yourself in head to toe Louis V leag gear in real life could cost more than 10 grand for the basement dweller types who haven't hit luxury Rich a character skin costs 10 bucks in game currency when you think speed in video games you probably think of Sonic the Hedgehog but don't count out Mario when he's behind the wheel of his card let go luxury watchmaker tag Hoyer was Savvy to this they partnered with the world famous plumber for two models of Formula 1 Mario Kart watches the affordable option went for 4,300 while the more luxurious model ran you 25 Grand they sold out right away so the demand's there Pokémon is one of the hottest IPS around remember when Pokémon go had folks trespassing trying to catch them all I do Pokémon has had a ton of collabs the latest with Tiffany and Company which went on sale November 29th they enlisted Daniel Aram to design the jewelry using the iconography from his Pokémon art exhibition a ripple in time the collection features Pikachu Centric jewelry the most expensive of which goes for 29k not to mention the Pokeball in Tiffany blue is absolutely stunning YouTuber Logan Paul once bought a Pikachu illustrator card for more than 5 million can my husband get anything for this binder full of Pokémon cards no I guess there's only one way to get rid of them I better get out of here that is five for Friday I'm Simone Del Rosario and it's just business

- Would you rather luxury car edition | Car brand quiz game: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back to Puzzle Path. This is the Would You Rather car edition. Don't forget to like, subscribe, and hit the bell so you never miss a challenge. Let's play [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat.

- How Shopping Became a Status Game: Kind: captions Language: en-US how consumerism works for the elite class and why do some billionaires get labelled tacky for doing exactly the same thing that got others I also think of Kate Middleton's iconic wedding dress but unlike that breezy yet sophisticated Alexander McQueen design this is so stiff and austere Becca is a vision I also love how simple her bouquet is have you ever wondered who gets to decide what is the right way to spend money and most importantly how do you go broke trying to keep up with them wait a second how am I gonna pay for this when I was in university my parents were financially struggling I was extremely fucking insecure during that time I was surrounded by so many rich kids it was my first year in university and I desperately wanted to fit in and you know what helped me to fit in having my old clothes and everything is in logos I look so fucking rich that was the only time when I actually cared to look rich because that was the time that I knew that I actually do not have the money but it actually did work guys because I had my watch which helped other rich kids to spot me and that's why they're like oh she's one of us those superficial things unfortunately do work no matter what they tell you oh old money would never show this sign oh new money does this old money does that none of this matters guys rich people have their language and if you speak it it's gonna make it easier for you anyways so how did the new educated class even appear well what you have to understand is that prior to the 60s Ivy League universities didn't really let anybody in unless you were old money long story short now they started letting people in based on merit based and now Ivy League was full not only by rich kids but also by smart kids and smart kids wanted to do everything differently from the previous generations because they're completely new class and they wanna approach things differently and that kind of speaks to their habits of consumerism because the new educated class is struggling with the dilemma they wanna have a lot of success but at the same time they're scared of selling out so how do they approach consumerism while being the most anxious elite we've ever witnessed first rule the new educated class believes that only vulgar spend lavish amount of money on luxuries cultivated people restrict their spendings to necessities but your definition of necessities and theirs is different guys so what does it really mean it means that it's tacky to spend $10,000 on a bag but look what a match it was just but it's absolutely appropriate to spend it on kitchen supplies welcome to the Valiant Farm Kitchen because how do they explain it oh I'm not buying it for attention I'm buying it because we're gonna be using it on daily basis with my whole family and that's something which will make the life of my family easier hmm sounds so humble in reality it's just a flex in a different manner second it's perfectly acceptable to spend lots of money of anything which is professional quality even if your profession has nothing to do with this and the shoes are meant for hiking and trail running but people have turned them into performative fashion the rich people were never target audience for this product but as the new rich educated class was born they also wanted to seem like they're into sports and into all of those unique hobbies that's how boots which were intended for hiking ended up on farmers markets my dad does it too third elites are expected to spend large amount of money on something which is simple for example coffee groceries sandwiches and my favorite plain white t shirts yeah we are not showing off we just appreciate quality whatever the fuck that means and fourth the educated elites are expected to practice 1 downmanship everything about you should be slightly more casual than your neighbors so everybody is trying to keep up with the Joneses but the educated and elite class they're actually trying to keep down and this is my friends where I think we can learn a thing or two from them today because of social media we constantly have an illusion that we have to keep up with our friends somebody post a fancy picture of their vacation oh shit baby we also have to go there you all probably have friends who have $300 per months gym memberships Stanley Cups and designer bags yet somehow they live paycheck to paycheck we are living in a time where the basic financial milestones of adulthood became obtainable only by the rich for example having financial stability or owning a house that's why in order not to go crazy we started setting smaller goals for example collecting laboobs but when you go online it looks like everybody is rich as they're unpacking their fancy clothes in their rented homes and the reality is that Gen Z owns nothing but that Generation Z is racking up debt at a faster rate than millennials did at their age welcome to the era of luxury poverty where we own nothing pay subscription for everything and call it freedom so first of all what is luxury poverty it's a state in which somebody has the buying power to splurge on meaningless consumerism without having enough money accumulated for life important purchases such as a home but brands pushed the new narrative on us the true wealth is in things which you consume not in what you own and I myself as a rich kid fell for this too let me take you to the time when my dad actually offered to buy me a car I was living in the United States and nobody was really familiar with the concept of actually buying a car for cash everybody would lease the car so when I called my dad after seeing the expensive car and understanding how much money it actually is I called him and I was like um dad actually listen I did some math here and as a professional math person I can tell you that we should lease the car why would we waste one 80 k instead we can just pay like 10 k and then every month I have to pay blah blah blah and my dad was like listen Albina you've never been good at math and I don't expect you to start now and actually what my father told me is that Albina you do not own anything you live in this rented house you refuse to buy an apartment I was refusing to buy an apartment because I thought if I will buy an apartment in Boston then it makes me tied to this place anyways my dad was telling me you own nothing and now you also want to lease a car no you have to own at least something because if things go south at least you can sell this car and if you're just leasing it you're just constantly wasting money on it anyways I hung up on my dad and I was like hmm he's so old fashioned a boomer from USSR he doesn't understand anything but I'm not gonna fight with him if he wants to buy me a car for one 80 k I'm fine with that I'm not gonna argue corporations created an illusion for us which my dad stopped me from is if you're not paying for this right now if you're paying for this later then it's not really your problem it's the problem of you in a few days and a lot of people have an illusion that if you do not have mortgage if you are not paying a student loan then you don't really have any credit but check your credit cards I spent $40,000 on shoes and I have no place to live in movies like sex and the city that it's something which makes the character quirky if you have a loan you can just call your ex and he will give you $10,000 or in Carrie's case I think it was $100,000 and if you are a cool girl you will say no my dear ex I do not need any money from you I will demand that my rich friends pay for me and if you wanna hear about entitled friends and relatives we also have an episode about this check it out but in reality having alone it's a life threatening decision yeah you might take this right now you might not understand the consequences and this is where the trap happens because what are they teaching us at school nobody is teaching us how to do taxes how to approach financial education and as a result when we're 18 and we're going to universities we're signing those student loans without understanding for the rest of our lives we have to pay for it and the majority of you don't even know what is the interest rate on your loan and I'm not surprised about that because you never got this education and I'm starting to think another conspiracy theory that this is on purpose guys we are the subscription generation before people would own at least something now we borrow everything I'm sick of having subscription for everything and talking about that are you subscribed to our patron yet cause every other subscription is useless but guys we are different I'm not like other girls what originally started as a good business model for example such as Netflix now became just so annoying because do you know who Netflix says is their biggest competitor it's not Hulu it's not HBO it's sleep because as you're sleeping you're not scrolling I'm gonna tell you 4 tips which my rich parents taught me when I was a child unlike you guys I got some financial education doesn't mean that I use it based on my Amex credit score but anyways I'm just gonna share the advices which I do not take myself step No. 1 stop comparing your relationships with relationships which you see online because when you see that the husband of your friend give her a car or an apartment or everyday he brings her roses even if you do not want that shit you'll start thinking that you do and then you'll start stressing yourself out and your partner stop you will notice how your romantic relationships actually get better when you stop keeping up with the Joneses second if your income grows or if you now have dual income household it does not mean that you have to upgrade your lifestyle it doesn't mean that you have to move to a bigger house rent a nicer apartment or to buy a fancier car instead put those money towards your saving account third remember not a single purchase unless it's an investment will give you the same peace of mind as the big amount on your saving account and lastly the final tip from me unfollow all of the creators who constantly promote consumerism when you constantly follow them even if you think that you are resistant to marketing none of us are we are all victims of marketing just in different scale do not tempt yourself unfollow them follow people who talk about philosophy follow privileged few are you subscribed yet you better be that brings me to conclusion when I was growing up my mom was always telling me one thing Albina do not be the slave of the financial system she urged me that this is the easiest trap to fall into and the hardest one to get out from we all want to be rich for different reasons some want to buy a fancy house others wanna take their parents on vacations somebody is just proving to themselves that they wanna do it and some get rich on accident I was taught that in this unfair and corrupt world often being rich is the only path to freedom when you are rich you can afford to escape the country when the war begins and you can afford to own things which is probably the biggest luxury of 2026 if there is one takeaway I want you to take from this video is that consumerism is the perfection of slavery and your quiet rebellion starts when you pause before making a purchase and think twice if you actually need this because wealth is not about having more things it's about having an option to rest control your own time and have real things which you can pass down to the next generation so the question is if wealth can't buy you time peace or sleep what exactly is it buying like subscribe and as always do whatever you want with this information

  Top Comments:
  1. @privilegedfew [32 likes]: tell us about your most reckless purchase you've recently made
do regret about it?🐇
  2. @Kitkatty-t8o [2 likes]: Thought l'd freed myself from the consumerism trap when I stopped buying designer bags and makeup, but I just fell into the "farmers market only," copper kitchenware, and unnecessary wellness products trap instead😂
  3. @fatemaabdulla2728 [2 likes]: 4:13 😂😂I LOVE HERRRR
  4. @evickapisnicka6999 [1 likes]: This color suites you so much
  5. @minervag6777 [1 likes]: I appreciate your transparency and self reflection so much! You’re the 1st rich kid I’ve ever seen who wants to offer others a pathway into this world ❤❤
  6. @javohirsolijonov [1 likes]: You are getting better and better
  7. @Supermuffins [1 likes]: Notice how videos about anti consumerism don’t get the same attention? The system is working as intended. Wake up ladies ❤ 

Amazing Video
  8. @SimayDoganay-e5r2w: Albina I am adddiccted to this chanel. It is the only reason I go on youtube💗
  9. @udondelice2076: can you check your if you have Anuradha nakshatra in Vedic astrology? thanks
  10. @Awesomenastya: I love the selection of books. Such a subtle detail. The level of production 🙌
  11. @nuyoisbetterthanu: So true!
  12. @NikkiGoddess333: clap clap clap
  13. @PlasticBank: Do you agree that modern consumerism is less about owning things and more about communicating identity? 🤔
  14. @SagaDatura: Thank you for the work that you do here, Albina.
  15. @KSP02: owning a home in countryside is the biggest luxury, in 2026!
  16. @theyekeeper7731: I am really glad i discovered your channel
  17. @Cninnn: Three thumbnail switches in three days 😭😭🙏🙏
  18. @solint566: Love the final question to the viewer at the end of each video
  19. @DetroitHimawari: You look beautiful today!
  20. @dougmcmahon5459: A lot of truth packed into this.

- Luxury Brands Are For Broke People: Kind: captions Language: en if you've ever thought it was the rich who bought verin bags LV shirts and Gucci belts you've got it all wrong today I'll talk about how luxury brands are actually for broke people and why it's a big problem so by 2023 the global luxury goods Market was worth about $370 billion and it's expected to reach 629 billion by 2030 but with the economy in such a downturn who's buying all this expensive crap this $2,000 trash bag this $14,000 pair of jeans or this 3 ,000 bag a 2021 study found that nearly 75% of spending on luxury goods came from the middle and lower class 40% of which from people making 50k a year or less and 34% from people making anywhere from 50 to 125k a year which sounds pretty strange why are everyday regular people dropping this much money when you get something that looks exactly the same for $20 thoron Vin once said the accumulation of wealth is not what gives the wealthier status it's the evidence of wealth it's pretty natural for people to want to be seen as successful we all want to look like we have our lives together and have value even if none of us know what the heck we're doing animals in the wild do it fireflies flash their tails to find a mate Penguins scaven for Pebbles to show their value and people by fancy designer Brands the more expensive it seems the more status you feel but the reason isn't just because lower and middle class people want to feel validated it's also because these luxury brands are specifically targeting them in 2023 this guy I'm not going to butcher his name the CFO of lvmh the company that owns LV Dior fendy and a ton of other luxury Brands said we don't sell products to rich people it is to people who have money and want to indulge themselves the advantage of this cohort is much much bigger than the super wealthy basically admitting that luxury Brands intentionally Target everyday people because it's way more profitable for them to produce millions of bags that cost $55,000 than it is to produce a dozen $100,000 bags for a few billionaires but looking back it's clear that this strategy was put in place decades ago a blueprint that laid the foundation for how the lower and middle class were set to change forever signaling three major elements first before 2008 luxury Brands had only relied on Buzz around wealthy circles in the occasional fashion magazine feature but in 2008 lvie made headlines as the first luxury Brands to advertise on TV to Everyday People it created a new tier of status and validation for everyday people to Aspire to and fast forward to today luxury brands have integrated themselves as part of everyday pop culture the problem is during a time when the American dream seems increasingly Out Of Reach luxury brands have become the most accessible symbol of status and wealth buying a house seems impossible but a $3,000 shirt yeah I can make that work in fact research found that JZ by luxury goods about 3 to 5 years earlier than Millennials at 15 versus at 20 and it's expected that these younger Generations will make up 80% of luxury spending by 2030 next just showing the aura of exclusivity on TV and the internet is one thing but actually experiencing it is another luxury Brands needed Everyday People to bridge these two realities that's why when you walk into one of these stores everything seems luxurious with complimenting champagne in our collection and overly smug workers who have a holier than thou mentality all this is designed to make you feel like you've made it in life further validating your status third luxury Brands know they need to perform a very delicate Balancing Act appeal to the masses while still retaining some Aura of exclusivity but there's a problem it's impossible to predict exactly how much demand there will be for a design that they make sometimes they'll produce too many shoes bags or whatever and there won't be enough customers to sell them at the retail price normally if a business has excess inventory they'll put it on sale do a BOGO deal or whatever to incentivize people to buy the rest of the inventory the problem is if luxury Brands like Rolex or LV did that then they're going to seem less exclusive so what do they do instead in July of 2018 Burberry admitted to destroying $ 36.8 Million worth of its own merchandise richm owner of cardier and P or pette admitted to destroying $563 Million worth of watches from 2017 to 2018 which sounds absolutely bizarre but it's all part of the plan to preserve its Aura of exclusivity even though it's a type of manufactured exclusivity the entire premise of status symbols like luxury Brands is to show the world that the owner is successful the reason we don't see the ultra wealthy like Bill Gates it's Mark Zuckerberg or Elon Musk decked out in Versace is because we already know they're rich they don't need to prove it but when you see a regular Joe Schmo in the street wearing a designer outfit you're going to start to wonder how did they afford that but for everyday people who splurge on luxury Brands to show off their wealth there are three major problems the first problem most of the people I know who buy luxury Brands can't easily afford them like I have some friends who are obsessed with buying a lot of fancy things Gucci B Hermes or Hermes sunglasses and birken bags but I know that they need to save for at least 2 months to be able to afford them and what's ironic is none of my wealthy friends who can easily afford these things own any luxury Brands psychologist wall and brown know a thing or two about this in 2015 they analyzed the most common Google search results across regions in the US and they discover that areas with more income inequality tend to have more demand for luxury goods out of of 40 Search terms used the most frequently in areas with greater income inequality More than 70% of them were about status Goods like Ralph Lauren David Yurman and jewelry you know expensive stuff but to be clear I don't believe buying luxury things is inherently bad if you want to treat yourself to a Rolex after grinding for years or a nice pair of PR sunglasses all the power to you it's totally okay to splurge once in a while like many things building a healthy relationship with money is about finding the balance bance between enjoying a treat occasionally and spending more than we can afford but I do think it becomes a problem when you're splurging too much that you end up sacrificing your own financial goals like dipping into your savings using your emergency fund or taking money out of your retirement accounts next dipping in your savings is one thing but it's a completely different thing to go into debt for something nowadays it seems like taking on bad debt is the cultural norm by the end of 2023 Americans had over a trillion dollar in credit card debt the highest it's ever been the problem is the average credit card interest rate is 27.9% which can easily turn the cost of a $3,000 LV bag into tens of thousands of dollars if you're not able to pay it off in time then there's also the buy now pay later platforms that have been linked to some of the booming luxury spending it's easy to be convinced you can actually afford a Versace jumpsuit if you don't have to pay for it all at once the problem is this creates a ripple effect effect of debt in low and middle inome neighborhoods a 2014 report by the FED found that your neighbors indirectly influence how much you spend in Psychology this can be explained by a concept called keeping up with the Joneses basically it's when you use your neighbors as a measuring stick for Success if you see your neighbors upgrade their house get a nicer car or start wearing luxury Brands then you'll be much more tempted to do the same get a brand new Porsche why not open a new credit card to gain a St lauron jumpsuit for sure when everyday people sacrifice their financial goals and take on debt just to buy something fancy it can get really tough to get out of the debt spiral the average American has about $66,000 in credit card debt if your credit card has a 24% interest rate and you only make the minimum payment every month it'll take you over 25 years to pay off your debt of $1 17,330 which is nearly 3x the original $6,000 amount thanks to Interest next most people people believe that if they spend more money they'll get a higher quality product that will last longer but that's not always true sure in the past luxury Brands were expertly crafted and were designed to last decades but with the industrialization of the production process this Artisan culture has been virtually wiped out nowadays it's normal for luxury Brands to subcontract thousands of factories in Tuscan to produce their products the problem is in 2008 Italian police undercovered a massive fraud happening in these factories they conducted 250 raids in Italy and ended up finding metric tons of counterfeit bags and shoes with Prada and fendy logos plastered all over them when the luxury Brands were asked to explain themselves they simply said they thought the claims were exaggerated and un quote they could not be expected to be on top of all their suppliers but to really prove the point in 2018 PS a discount Footwear chain ran an experiment they opened up a retail store called pesi and made the inside look really fancy and when influencers checked out this store they openly said that they'd be willing to pay hundreds of dollars for these pessi shoes but the funny part is these were the exact same shoes that pal sells in their stores for just 20 to 30 bucks which shows people are willing to pay a lot more money for brand names in the aura of luxury despite the disconnect between quality and price but if you're watching right now and you still want to buy nice things without going to debt or struggling here are three steps you can take to get there first understand that it's totally okay to treat yourself once in a while building a healthy relationship with money is about finding the balance I personally believe 90% of goals like diets fail because the more you hear you can eat pineapple pizza the more you're going to Crave pineapple pizza when it comes to getting better with money deprivation does not work but the problem is if you don't know exactly how much you can safely spend and Save you're going to be in a lot of trouble so how do you figure that out the general rule of thumb is to follow the 50 3020 rule basically 50% of your take- home pay goes towards your needs like food housing and utilities 30% for your wants vacations entertainment in Mr Magic lambs and 20% to your savings I built this savings goal tracker to help me save money a lot faster I just put in how much I want to save and then I can track my progress and Visually see where I'm at for a limited time I'm giving away my ultimate savings goal tracker for free with the link below so if you're earning about $6,000 a month $3,000 would go towards your needs $1,800 would go into your wants and 1,200 should go towards savings for future investment if you can save more or spend less for your needs that's fantastic but the beauty of the 50320 rule is it gives you flexibility and encourages you to look for cheaper alternatives but the 503020 rule isn't a one-size fitall solution you need to understand your own personal financial situation and readjust the ratio accordingly personal finance is personal for a reason and this rule is just a great starting point next it's really easy to start bashing people for buying luxury Brands when they don't need it but just put yourself in their shoes for a second in their designer shoes this is tressy McMillan when she went for an interview for her first professional job at a call center the hiring manager looked her up and down and told her that she was too classy to be working on the call center floor and instead she was hired as a trainer trusty makes a great point that looking nice can mean the difference between having a good job and uh less than good job while that's partly true there's always going to be a middle ground where you don't have to sell your left kidney just to buy a pair of shoes but you also don't need to look broke AF because you're Penny pitching for retirement chances are you can find cheaper dupes for most of these luxury products that look exactly the same and if not then consider buying them secondhand at thrift shops or sites like eBay next what if I told you that there is a way to buy whatever you want without worrying about money but for you to do that you need to learn exactly how the 1% manages their money click here to find out what they do so you can start today

  Top Comments:
  1. @VincentChan [44 likes]: 🏆 Learn the best way to save money with the largest FREE 5-Day $1,000 Savings Challenge starting on Oct 1st  → https://learn.vincentchan.co/save1k 🏆

💵 Join 30,000+ people saving money faster with my FREE Savings Goal Tracker → https://vincentchan.co/savings-tracker

💸 Earn up to 5.25% APY with the Best High Yield Savings Accounts →  https://vincentchan.co/best-savings-accounts
  2. @ByteMe00000 [2 likes]: This video feels immature. There is a clear lack of understanding of art and culture here. Not to mention an ignorance to the reality that plenty of rich people spend way too much one on clothes as well the fact that many people have sums of money no human should be able to achieve. “Luxury” isn’t “for the poor” there is an epidemic of youths with money and no way of entering the housing market that will blow money on stuff like this.
  3. @switchbladeromance1466 [1 likes]: I make over over £160k a year.. I've just bought a Cartier tank.. Am I poor??.. I don't think so😂😂
  4. @fifthdimension1657 [1 likes]: At the end of the day, there's LEVELS.  Videos like this are generalizing a great deal.  I agree that people should not go into debt buying things that they cannot afford; however, the price points on many items are geared to be exclusive to the wealthy.  Fashion and appreciation for "the finer things in life" is not an indication of being "broke."  If the mindset is broke, everything else is broken.  To each their own.
  5. @Tango-Milonguero-M-D: Rich people shop at thrift stores. They are not stupid. Luxury costs almost nothing to make. Nothing is made in Italy, France, or England. it is all made in China, India, Bangladesh, or Pakistan. They buy it it uncut, ship it back to those countries, and just hem it or cut it and they are legally allowed to say: Made in Italy, made in France, etc.
  6. @Tango-Milonguero-M-D: it is easy to destroy 500 million dollars worth of inventory when it only cost 5$ each item and sells for 5000$ . Rich people don't need to impress anybody , only losers do that.
  7. @luckykansara7994: Facts, legacy brands are highkey a scam with those markups and the same mid gothic designs from decades ago. Going indie is the move. That one brand Phaesto is doing the most by actually using Vedic math and sacred geometry instead of just copying old vibes treating pieces like artifacts is a whole different level. Lowkey glad they're still underground because the gatekeep is real.
  8. @GR-le1ms: I’m upper middle class and I buy from goodwill. 😂
  9. @Xanduur: And people who spend more than they can possibly afford on luxury items just to look wealthy or goddamn idiots
  10. @firstlast9488: within the first 2 seconds of this video, you have already invalidated everything you will say for the rest of the 12 minute video, all because you decided to mention birkin bags lol. while many luxury products are only bought by the poor or aspirational middle class, birkin bags are ONLY bought by the rich. you cannot walk into a store and buy a birkin bag, you have to either spend 1-2x the bag's worth while keeping a relationship with the boutique, all while they are vetting you as a person to see if they will even offer you a bag, OR buy it from a reseller for 2-3x the bag's worth. the fact that you dont know this means people of a certain tax bracket will already be skeptical of your video as it seems youre just pulling sensational takes out of your ass. the only ones who would believe you are poor people who wouldnt have the means to buy a birkin bag in the first place lol. but seeing as the pinned comment on this video is you promoting a high yield savings account, upper middle class people and higher dont even use, i guess the target audience for this video is poor people anyway lol
  11. @DivineChakras777: I shop Walmart, Target, thrifts and designer via consignment. Being resourceful is key 🔑.
  12. @AnnaKovač_4: Interesting video! I'm subscribd to a channel called @IlonaCallsLuxury, she has interesting videos about luxury fashion and interesting too!
  13. @souldreamer9056: Nothing new in this video that hasn’t been said in dozens of other videos. Just regurgitations of the obvious. Don’t waste your time.
  14. @tarmo4435: I dont know how you made your research, but actually many people are talking about that.😒
  15. @chanellemartin5463: this video helped me regain my sanity
  16. @MrSalsa1973: Levis ripped shorts with a Hanes V-neck, handcrafted leather flip-flops and Rayban shades… riding in a 1997 Wrangler headed to the beach…See ya!!
  17. @baptistemilletpetit1957: For any of my english speaker friends, Hermès is pronounced "Air mess"
  18. @alycks6056: Filthy rich ppl of the top 1%  like to buy watches, cars, luxury homes, throw parties. They spend more relatively to their wealth. They have custom made and expensive clothes. So say rich ppl don’t spend money is not true lol
  19. @Sicwkskxkckckzd: I think people need to focus on being healthy and having a good shape body.
  20. @carolineeijansantos: i like practical bags not luxury bags

- The Psychology Behind Why We Buy Luxury Goods: Kind: captions Language: en purchasing items is a lot more complicated than you might imagine the mere act of buying something is often influenced by social psychology some purchase a luxury handbag from a designer as the run-of-the-mill tuesday afternoon spending thousands of dollars at a high-end boutique is a common event for them there is no denying the grand appeal that luxury goods have after all with luxury items everything is different the leather is soft the logo is flashy but the price can be off-putting those who can afford luxury items daily without breaking the bank or getting entrenched in debt are those with high-paying jobs successful businesses or family fortunes despite knowing all of this many people continue to build a pit of debt for themselves by constantly purchasing super expensive items and desiring the luxurious and exclusive experience so what makes people want to buy luxurious items no matter the consequence in this video we'll be investigating the psychology of super expensive items with a huge price tag slapped on several items it only makes sense that a certain class of people goes for the high-end items but that is not often the case consumers are not always rational with their purchases all at the time someone rational will act following the size of his or her pockets within reason and logic however several behavioral studies show that humans are not rational beings at all these studies also show that many consumers purchase luxury goods even when they're not in a position to do so the proof of this school of thought is evident in the high rates of consumer debt that many americans deal with no matter how you look at it it's pretty clear that many consumers do not act in their best financial interest by purchasing high-end luxury goods that they can barely afford even when presented with a high quality and durable handbag with a moderate price tag at one hundred dollars many people were still opt for the high-end luxury bag that will set them back thousands of dollars it does not matter that both bags perform the same function and are relatively the same in terms of quality one of the reasons why people would rather purchase high-end and expensive items over their cheaper counterparts is the human tendency to over emphasize the positive elements of a product and ignore the disadvantages a good example of this phenomenon is consumers of the products made by apple although there is no proof that the new releases of iphones ipads and mac computers released by apple are technologically superior or even unique when compared to their counterparts many people wait for overnight releases and spend hundreds and thousands of dollars purchasing their products this is even though there are cheaper options available that offer the same function in fact in terms of technological advancement and superiority many tech experts would choose samsung phones over iphones microsoft corporation and xiaomi also made great phones at a relatively cheaper price despite the plethora of better options in terms of price and technological advancement apple still has its brand of loyal followers and they seem to be growing with each new release despite the many options out there many people would rather go into debt to purchase the new iphone than go for a cheaper option because those phones do not have the luxury brand that apple carries non-luxury goods are often considered inferior by so many people under them being non-luxury this perception has nothing to do with the characteristics and qualities of the products themselves this perception then leads to a warped conclusion that the higher priced goods are better quality this irrational logic leads them to believe that with higher priced goods what you pay for is what you get disregarding whether or not the goods are better than their more affordable counterparts costly items and expensive goods are often considered to be high quality exclusive custom-made goods that offer more to their consumers than their cheaper counterparts even though there is no proof that expensive means better many people would still consider expensive things to be better and more effective even when they are no different from their cheaper counterparts according to a study conducted by scientists at the california institute of technology and stanford united there are changes to the human brain when they discover they are making use of expensive items the study showed that people believe that the taste of wine is better when they're told it is expensive an mri scan of the brain revealed that they do enjoy it more when they think that the wine is indeed more expensive similar results were observed in another study when a placebo was used in place of an analgesic the participants who took the pill that were supposedly worth two dollars and fifty cents said that they felt more pain relief than when they took the pill worth only ten cents however both pills were identical placebos another reason why people would break the bank to purchase super expensive items can be associated with self-esteem low self-esteem can prompt people to purchase luxury items whether or not they can afford them several consumers associate owning luxury goods with boosting their self-esteem and giving them a sense of belonging with online shopping on the rise many people can purchase a 500 scarf at the click of a button whether or not they can afford it as many people consider shopping therapeutic luxury goods are considered the ultimate retail therapy the internet has made luxury items easily accessible for impulse shopping and that has further propagated the idea that luxury items are special indeed many shoppers feel a sense of accomplishment when they purchase luxury goods they consider it a reward for accomplishing set goals and meeting certain deadlines by treating themselves to something that they cannot normally afford the consumers would rather choose luxury items over the normal reasonably priced quality counterparts rather than save money with a fake rolex many people would rather pay full price for an authentic rolex even when they look the same although they look the same the owner will know that they're not quite the same and would rather purchase an authentic luxury good like a high-end watch over a fake look-alike this does not seem like a rational choice if the point of purchasing luxury goods is to show off to others then why wouldn't customers just buy a fake when that will do the trick just fine well according to researchers at vale the quest for authenticity is something humans developed since childhood a study conducted tried to convince children that a cloning machine had produced their favorite toy the study discovered that most children refused to accept the duplicate as the original it was discovered that the sentimentality of the item is one of the reasons why we seek authenticity the sentimentality can occur in the form of memory or feeling that comes from having purchased a genuine luxury good that means that for some people treating themselves to a pair of fake christian louboutin brand boots is just not the same and not at all as special according to research conducted by michael norton a psychologist and professor of business administration at harvard business school price and perception have a huge influence on purchasing decisions of consumers if an item is reportedly twice as expensive it is assumed to be twice as good norton's research indicated that as humans we are motivated to splurge because our happiness can be boosted by having new experiences this is why many people might choose a five-star restaurant for a new experience rather than the safe and predictable three-star option it is also the reason why people choose to save up and go out all splurging during events like birthdays and anniversaries following that line of logic norton analyzed why people are constantly purchasing very expensive items and new expensive experiences there is an extra boost when you increase the quality of the experiences so a ten thousand dollar whiskey bottle may be twice as pleasant as a five thousand dollar whiskey bottle because it's an exceptional experience some people are constantly searching for uniquely leisure experiences even when it might be less pleasurable to build out and experience this by collecting awesome memories consumers experience a sense of achievement and progress and also improve their wow people purchase luxury goods for a variety of reasons most of those reasons are not at all logical but attached to emotions even when the purchase of a luxurious item does not have the most financial sense many consumers would rather go into debt purchasing luxury items rather than purchase a cheaper item of the same quality perhaps by understanding the psychology of super expensive items many people will be able to deal with their constant desire to choose only the expensive and give the cheaper alternative of great quality a try as well so tell me do you spend lavishly on luxury items if so at what point of income do you think it is justifiable let us know in the comments section below and if you enjoyed this video hit that like button and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for weekly luxury content goodbye lux cats until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @DharmendraRaiMindMap [3 likes]: One word answer: stupidity
  2. @dollywood24 [3 likes]: Michelin star restaurants are 1-3 stars. Hotels receive 1-5 stars.
  3. @luxe_cat [1 likes]: Have you bought a bottle of Ace Of Spades?
  4. @Muselinksworldly [1 likes]: Owners of these luxury brands worked really hard to make their products a brand name. So if you buy it that means you work hard. You deserve it. And it probably feels good and yea it boosts your confidence up a bit. So what? Your money your choice. I see nothing wrong with it. If you don’t work hard or you think you do for whatever reason and you decided to buy it. Bad choice. But again your money your choice. Do you.
  5. @baze3SC [1 likes]: Ironically, wealthy people tend to have a better understanding of the value of money. Plus, they rarely feel the need to flaunt their wealth. It’s typically lower-middle-class individuals who believe that purchasing overpriced items is a shortcut to happiness or higher social status.
  6. @Silverripples [1 likes]: luxury is just a label,  nowadays items adhere to at least a minimum of quality or otherwise they would not survive in todays market,.a 1000 dollar bag is better than a 5 dollar one but never better than a 70 dollar bag. There is a price and quality turn point and there it is nonsense to spent more. A rolex is a watch that tells you time, a timex does the same, it is its functionality in the end, otherwise it is just posing for the person.
  7. @mazharali1181 [1 likes]: Human psychology is insane 😳
  8. @FlawlessMotivations12: That's why I want to kill all hooomans by 2028 🤨🤨
  9. @MioYuki: I have low self-esteem and I'm not buying those stupid things
  10. @professionalboycottservice7872: Spending 10000 on whiskey or wine is the dumbest money move. Spending luxury is better on things you cannot eat and shit.
  11. @professionalboycottservice7872: I only have iPhone 8 plus. Not into electronics. I love bags.
  12. @garyh.2487: Happiness is being irrational.
  13. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it
  14. @Ricoposole91: If you can afford luxury items go for it, but that means you have your investments and they are generating income for your luxuries. If you’re buying items on credit cards and payments that means you can’t afford it

- “Why We Crave Luxury: The Psychology Behind High-End Purchases”: Kind: captions Language: en about luxury that people don't really can't really express themselves. People see luxury in different perspective. So um especially on the island Lagos Lagos you know um people especially the girls they when they try to class somebody and before they can talk to you to them you will have to look nice. Not just looking nice per se. You there's they call a big girls association, right? So before you belong to that class, you they will first assess you. You have to look like it's either you're wearing a a Van Clear um a kier you know you know all those stuff they're carrying be wearing an LV um earrings and lot and lot more. That's the only way they can see you. Oh, you belonged to their class, a Rolex and all of [Music] that. Guys, how are you guys doing? Welcome, welcome to Dera's React. I've missed you guys so much. I know you have missed me. I missed you so much, guys. Okay, so today we're talking about something very, very essential and very important. But before I dive into that composition of the day, are you new to my channel? I know we have new people. Okay, welcome, welcome, but drum rolls. Welcome to Dra Reacts. Are you new to my channel? Please kindly endeavor to subscribe, like, comment, and share. And also turn on that notification button to be the first person to watch our videos whenever it drops on YouTube, guys. And if you're wondering what Dash Reacts is all about, okay? Okay. There are other beauty, fashion, beauty in lifestyle, beauty in terms of cosmetics in terms of hair care, makeup and rest of them and fragrance. Yes, fragrance. Then fashion, you know, what we wear and all of that. Then another thing, everything trendy and chick. Then to sum it up, everything relationship tips. We're here to help you. We're here to guide you. We're not experts in this, but we try to give you advices and tips on how to work with your relationship. Yes, guys. Welcome once again to Darra's React. This is a place where you'll find love. This is a place where you'll be comfortable. This is a place where you will laugh your ass out and all of that. Yes. So, today's episode is about something very interesting. Very, very interesting. So today's episode is all about um how would I say you know it already. So all about luxury. It's all about luxury today. Yes. We're talking about luxury today. So you know um most people tend to like luxury tents. Anyways, I think if you have the money and if you know what you like to get for yourself, you can get yourself a luxury. They have luxury items, luxury hair, luxury wares, luxury bags, you know, lot of it. Luxy the jewelries, cars, and a lot more. It's all about luxury. Yes. So, my people, my people, today, yeah, it's going to be topnotch. Now, like I said, today's episode is all about luxury. Now there's there's something about luxury that people don't really can't really express themselves. People see luxury in different perspective. So um especially on the island Lagos Lagos you know um people especially the girls they when they try to class somebody and before they can talk to you to them you will have to look nice. Not just looking nice per se. You there's they call a big girl association, right? So before you belong to that class, you they will first assess you. You have to look like it's either you're wearing a a Vanclair, a Merc um a kier, you know, you know, all those stuff. They're current wearing an LV um earrings and lot and lot more. That's the only way they can see you. Oh, you belonged to their class, a Rolex and all of that. So, but is that really luxury? It is luxury on on jewelries. So, yeah. And that is what it is. Okay. So, before we dive into this, you must know that you have to know the meaning of luxury. So, luxury can come in different contents. For me, I'm going to explain what luxury means. So um I will say luxury goods usually possesses some of all the following five qualities for me. So luxury means um the uniqueness exclusivity the highest end price of a category um the quality and experience. This is what luxury means to me. So I don't know what luxury means to you. Luxury can mean anything to you but these are what luxury means to me. Now um let's start with um luxury items. So um this topic is benefits of luxury items. That's the topic for today. Like I said is about luxury and the topic is benefits of luxury items. Okay. So no luxury items are perceived quality, status, the emotional value while also potentially serving as an investment and showcasing personal lifestyle. That is what luxury items means or the benefit what it is perceived as. Okay. Now so there are more details look at of the potential benefit of luxury items. One, perceive um the quality. That was what I mentioned in the beginning. Perceive quality and durability. Yes. Um luxury brands are often associated with high-end quality materials and craftsmanship leading to products that are built to last. Okay, this can translate to a longer lifespan and a sense of value of your money. Now um luxury means quality like I said earlier that's it. So if you perceive quality and durability is for me it's luxury cuz you cannot buy anything that that does not have quality for me if I'm trying to buy a luxury item. It means the brand is authentic number one. It means the brand has quality items and it means it will last me for a very long time. That is why I buy luxury items. I don't just buy luxury items because I want to show off. No, I buy them because I want this thing to last me for about five to six, seven years. And that is what that is what is called luxury and durability. Okay. Now the second phase is status and identity. I mentioned it earlier. So people buy um luxury for status and and identity. Now what is identity? Actually luxury is often linked to success, right? It is the most direct and clear experience of it. Do you get what I'm trying to say? So um when you wear luxury, people identify you as oh this guy is wearing luxury. It's an identity for the person. So most people go for different things when when they're trying to get luxury like I said. So some people go for quality and durability. Some people go for identity and status. So luxury goods are can be desperational reflecting and personal identity and social status. Right? So um yeah they can create a sense of being unique and help craft identity. So when you wear luxury items like oh you keep wearing it people people people will know you for that people will say oh this person likes to wear luxury items because that that is their personality right that is who they are because they are more concerned about their status and their identity. Okay. Now another form of luxury for people is investment potentials. Now some certain luxury items like fine art like investment grade jewelries um and the collectible watches can appreciate in value over time. Now let me explain this. If you're the type of person like me that like to purchase um luxury items, it might not necessarily be a kier. It could be a kier in in a in a gold form. It could be a Rolex in a gold, right? Because I love gold. So, these are investments. It could be a Mecca in pure gold. It could be a Vanc Gold. If you're not getting um a Vanc Clear like the men ones, you can get them in gold. Cuz I feel like, okay, these ones are still gold. Yeah. But I want to get them in a high quality gold. gold from five um five g, six g, 7 g and they the same design with vancl kia and the rest of them. Okay. And these things can always appreciate because if for instance you're in trouble, you don't have money, you can always sell this things and get your money back. And you know in gold investments, it it it doubles, it triples. So these are form of investment. Most people um you cannot just go and buy regular things and want to sell it off. No, but but when you buy gold braces, gold rings, you know, gold necklace and they and a lot of them you can always sell them. It's is an investment for you. You can always sell them gold watches and you can you can always sell these things and you'll be happy like oh I invested in this in these things. I can sell them to them tomorrow. Okay, that's that's for investment potentials. Now, another um reason for investment potentials, they can serve as a wedge against inflation and diversity of portfolio. So, if your um if there's inflation right now, you can always hold on to it and say, "Okay, I got this, I got this, and all of that, you know." Um yeah. So that's it for for eight. Um number three for that um investment potential the limited edition array prices from when established brands can be um valuable assets. Yes, that's it for it. Now the second not like this the fourth one right now is experimental value. Yes. So experimental value for benefit of luxury. Okay. Now um for that one luxury items can evaluate everyday experiences and create a sense of indulgement. Okay. Now the act of choosing and purchasing and owning a luxury item can be enjoyable experience in itself honestly. So, just imagine yourself going to purchase um a luxury item. Oh my gosh, it's it's for me it makes me happy. Like I act like a child cuz I'm like, "Okay, I'm I'm going to get this." You know, the excitement that comes with it. It's it's it's very enjoyable. Like you're going to get um an amazing product for yourself, an amazing item for yourself. you can get yourself a luxury um the Hemis that's a the Beckinburg Christian and lot more. I'm not rooting for um brands that um and one thing you should know that if you cannot afford this luxury items, there are other low quality no not low quality um low-end luxury items too. They're not that expensive that you can actually get for yourself, you know. Now for for bags that are like the Hemis Christian Jer, why go get a fake His um why go get a fake Christian J where you can get an Italian good bag that the same quality with the Hermes with the same quality with the Christian Dior the same quality with Prather that you can wear you can wear from generation the next generation of viewers can actually wear it. So why go get a Hermist that will cost you so much than for you to get an authentic Italian brand? That's a luxury too. These bags are not cheap. The Italian brands are not cheap, you know. Just forget about the name and go for quality. That's what I talk about about the quality and durability. Okay. Yes. Now the emotional appeal for benefit of luxury. Luxury goods can evoke a sense of pleasure and satisfaction. Yes. So you know this emotional thing like appeal like oh I got this bag I feel relieved you feel excited you got the bag and they can be used to celebrate special occasions or so if for instance um your birthday is coming up you have a party to attend and you said you said like okay I need to get myself this luxury stuff so I can be happy you know go ahead get yourself luxury things that's what most people usually do when when when they want to get their luxury items. Yeah, luxury hair, you know, look nice, you know, as long as she's not breaking a bank. Okay. Now, um number six is brand association and perceived value. Now, associating a brand with luxury items definitely enhances its image and suggesting that the brand itself is very prestigious and high quality. So when when you're trying to get it brand like I know most people go for the branded um bags, branded watches, branded this and that, you know. So yeah, most people go for it because of the brand, not just for the quality or for the emotional appeal or for the durability or for identity of status. Most people just go for it because it's a name, it's a brand. You get what I mean? She must have like like to show show off like oh I'm carrying an LV bag I'm carrying a Louis Vuitton bag watch I'm wearing this I'm wearing that you know that is like a brand impressive value so they feel like if it's not this brand it's not value if it's not this brand that that's not it if it's not a burkin bag we're out of it so most people go for the brand not even for the not even for the quality or for the the emotional appeal or for the the status and identity most just go for the brand like okay I'm wearing a hemis I'm caring a questioner I'm I'm wearing a cartier I'm wearing a van I'm wearing the mecca you know those things you know they just don't care about those other ones they only care about the brand yeah so luxury packaging can also enhance and perceive value of the product so if it's not a brand. Most people don't wear it. Your choice. Yes. So now, um, the psychology behind why people buy luxury goods. Yes, I know there's a psychology behind it, you know. And I think the things I mentioned earlier is also part of it. If you if you if you can understand what I mean, also part of it. Yeah. Now um now a luxury good is a is a non-essential product. Consumers don't need luxury goods to leave. Actually we don't need it to leave. Actually you just want to show off the things like example highend designers designers luggages handbags jewelries and watches top vacation and real estate. Okay. Now this is I just have one key takeaway for you guys. Now, people buy luxury goods despite not being able to afford them for several reasons. For a desire of high self-esteem and a desire of sense of accomplishment. So, what category do you belong? Do you belong to the category that just want to buy this because you want to show off? Do you know? Um most people buy most people that most people that purchase this things look at them they can't even they can't even afford it. So they you just use your hard a money and buy these things and whereas you could there's nothing left after buying it. That's a stupidity for me because you cannot buy luxury items and you're hungry after buying it. That's That doesn't make sense actually. So that's my key takeaway from this. People buy luxury goods despite not being able to afford them for several reasons. Number one, a desire for a high um selfish esteem. They want to feel like, oh, I got this for myself and all of that. And a desire for a sense of accomplishment. Oh, I got this. Finally, I finally got this. Maybe you're trying to be in a battle with your friends that showing up. Then you want to say, I belong to this. I belong here, too. You know. Yeah. Now um that's the key takeaway and then another one is that's um also the psychology why we buy and and keep buying luxury goods like I said earlier it's either for status for self-esteem for identity for experimental value for emotional appeal and we look at the triggers for for the luxury purchases right now. Now for durability. So now these are the things that could say um that that leads to triggering um um they're triggering people um to push them in buying luxury. Like I said um why people buy and keep buying luxuries. So I'm going to state the basic things that make people buy it which I have already stated about you know about it you know like I said I'm going to say it again it's about durability um status and identity um investment um potentials experimental value emotional appeal um brand association. So that's it guys for today. We don't have much to say but all I have to say is please if you think you don't have enough money to buy luxury items you mustn't necessarily buy it. Try to save up. Get yourself some luxury items which are not branded. They are okay. There are some branded ones that are not very expensive and all of that. So try to get the ones you can get for yourself. low high low street um um is it called high street branded um designers like Zara like JW um Pier P I think it's P P E I you know um a lot lot of it like H&M you know M Spencer you know they're good brands too you don't necessarily you have to wear DNG LV you know all of that so yes that's it for today like I said, "Most lucky girls or most people on the island can only be friends with you or can they can only regard you when you're wearing luxury. When when you don't wear luxury, like branded luxury, they don't regard you." And honestly, there are some other luxury items that are there that that is even more expensive than the popular ones. but because they want the popular ones and that's why you have a lot of fake people out people wearing fake things out there. You can see somebody wearing a fake Christian wearing a fake carter and all of that. So let's stop the pressure. It's not helping. Okay. So guys, this is the end of this episode on benefit of luxury items and the psychological effect behind it. It's good to know that you enjoy this episode and guys watch on to our next episode in our next show and it will be nice to see you and please don't forget to subscribe, like, comment and also share to your loved ones and also be a part to watch our videos whenever it drops on YouTube. This is enjoy the rest of the show and this is this is it. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DeralsCosmetics: Skin popping ❤❤❤. Very interesting
  2. @DVXMEDIA-1: 💥💥💥💥💥💥
  3. @t_craftzt_craftz364: 💯💯💯💯

- How Luxury Brands Get You to Buy Into Their Hype: Kind: captions Language: en what do you think these sunglasses are worth does the price change if I tell you they're made by hand in Japan by a company that's been perfecting the craft of iare for 120 years what if I told you they were created by renowned designer Kenzo Takata and they won prestigious Design Awards in Paris does that change the price and by the way a very limited number of these were produced so it's really hard to find them plus since the designer sadly passed away in 2020 these are one of the last things he ever designed so after all that what's your guess I'm betting the price in your head went up as I gave you more of the story notice how I never mentioned any functional benefits like the lightweight titanium frame or the highquality polarized lenses for all you know they might be no better than a $15 pair from Walmart but I'm willing to bet your guess was a lot higher than $15 and that's because when it comes to luxury the story often carries more weight than the actual product so okay you're probably wondering what's the real price these sunglasses retailed for about $700 but I got them as a gift from a friend in the eyewear industry let's explore how luxury Brands craft these stories to convince you to buy into their hype and whether paying luxury prices is ever really worth it first let's just get this out of the way it's really not hard to criticize how ridiculous luxury goods are sometimes like this stable Essentials bag by Hermes like what even is this I guess it's for carrying things that you use to take care of your horse I'm obviously too poor to understand what you'd even carry in this thing because I can't even afford a single horse much less a 4,250 50 bag to hold all of my equestrian Essentials it's not hard to see how this might be extremely controversial luxury goods Force us to ask questions like why do $4,000 horse bags exist in a world where Millions can't even afford to feed themselves people have questioned the ethics of luxury goods for pretty much all of history even Plato in ancient Greece saw luxury goods as Vain and greedy but on the other hand luxury goods provide dignified work for skilled Artisans who are passionate about their craft it's kind of ironic that people celebrate the craftsmanship and creativity involved in making luxury goods but often criticize the act of buying them heres the company who made this bag rakes in billions of dollars every year so how do we get here who's buying these $4,000 horse purses and more importantly why are they willing to pay so much for them to answer these questions we need to understand one fundamental truth about luxury it isn't just about price just because something is expensive doesn't make it luxury a rare collectible Pokémon C is a expensive but it's not luxury Balenciaga sells these $3,000 packing tape bracelets and that's not luxury either although High fashion does often use elements of luxury luxury goes way deeper than just price for thousands of years luxury has been about elevation the wealthy Aristocrats and royalty would Elevate themselves above the common people through the things they owned until relatively recently the royal class was seen as ordained by the heavens and the luxury objects they owned were physical represent ations of their Divine Authority this was taken very seriously by the way if we were in 14th century England I would not be allowed to own this silk scarf silk and Furs were reserved for the ruling class and it was illegal for lowly plebs like me to own them these kinds of laws span several cultures and times from edop peria Japan to ancient Rome luxury has always been about displaying status everyday etiquette like how the ruling class ate walked or dressed was a clear display of social standing even the word etiquette in French literally means label directly linking it to Modern Luxury just as etiquette was a label of social conduct and showed social hierarchy today's luxury logos act as labels of status but starting around the enlightenment era monarchies became less dominant especially Across the Western World with luxury being more accessible to everyone rather than just the ruling class luxury designers needed to find new ways to make their goods feel exclusive this is why luxury Brands make their stuff so hard to purchase you might think that buying a limited edition Ferrari is as simple as having the money just walk into the dealership pick out your car and if you can pay they'll happily hand over the keys right wrong Ferrari flips the script instead of convincing you to buy their car you have to convince them to let you vinwiki has an Incredible video about the tactics of getting the privilege to buy a limited edition Ferrari but basically you start by buying a few less popular models and colors they're struggling to sell if you really want to get their attention spend like 100k on special add-ons for your Custom Vehicle like $11,000 red seat belts or $1,500 for yellow brake calipers or a $5,000 carbon fiber engine cover then you have to attend their events their rallies and performance Driving School classes around the world Simply Having the money isn't enough you need to show loyalty to the brand Ferrari strategy works because they only make around 8,400 Vehicles each year allowing them to make sure every owner represents the brand positively for comparison Toyota produces around 10 million cars annually and by the way you'd better not complain about Ferrari publicly or even think about buying from a competitor and after all that if you're lucky you might get the honor of spending a million dollars on a limited edition car but even then you probably won't get to choose the color or options they decide that for you based on what's available it's hard to imagine why anyone would jump through so many hoops and gravel with sales reps just to buy a car but I think it boils down to three things one is that rich people are pervers ly attracted to the idea of rejection and embarrassment people who can afford a million dooll Ferrari probably have a lot of influence and are surrounded by yes men they probably like the challenge second people crave exclusivity with no royalty deciding who owns what like in the past Brands make their own rules and finally the weight builds anticipation and desire Ferrari feeds this by letting you visit their Factory in Italy to watch your car being built even sending you progress photos we value things that take time to acquire there are higher subreddits and strategy Guides Online for how to get access to the most high-end luxury goods this dedication to the brand extends well past the initial purchase by the way some of the most highly valued Ferraris are from the 1960s they have suspension so stiff you'll feel every bump in the road the handling isn't any better with no power steering every turn feels like a workout you can smell the gasoline seeping into the interior cabin it's uncomfortable noisy and high maintenance but millions of people still aspire to own them there's an old saying that you have to ER for beauty and luxury brands have this down to an art form they know that what really matters isn't convenience or practicality it's the experience that bumpy ride and the deafening engine growl all help you form a bond with your car or maybe the fumes from the gasoline burn off a few brain cells making it easier to justify your multi-million dollar purchase also these vehicles require a ton of upkeep it cost $10,000 for a simple brake pad replacement compared with a few hundred bucks for the same maintenance on a Toyota Camry Toyota might be a much more convenient car to drive and maintain but nobody dreams of owning a Camry this isn't just a car thing by the way it's all luxury objects handbags made of ostrich or crocodile leather require regular Careful Cleaning expensive wines need to be stored in temperature controlled rooms and a Rolex watch is sensitive to magnetism moisture and even shock requiring routine servicing luxury goods can give their owners a sense of personal satisfaction and pleasure and also a great deal of pain but the more effort you put into maintaining your luxury objects the more you treasure them but luxury Brands don't just stop at the product they take things even further especially in their advertising in many luxury ads the models look like bored judgmental mannequins it almost looks like you're somehow inconveniencing them the models are acting like Gatekeepers the idea is to make you feel like you have something to prove only those who are worthy can buy luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're trying to dominate their customers the bored emotionless stare also serves another purpose they don't want a model or really anything to outshine the object itself the product needs to be so revered so untouchable that even billionaires are graveling to get their hands on it and that brings us to another Quirk of luxury they don't care if you like them in fact they're perfectly fine with being polarizing or downright [Music] weird luxury Brands aren't looking for Mass approval because they only need to sell to a few thousand devoted fans remember that $4,000 Hermes horse bag I was making fun of a little while ago pretty much everyone on Earth thinks it's ridiculous but there's a tiny group of people who absolutely love it and that is who AES is focused on when you compare this to non-luxury Brands the difference is Stark they'll bend over backwards to make a purchase as effortless and Mindless as possible oneclick shopping on Amazon is the ultimate expression of convenient buying there are entire marketing teams whose only job is to make the buying process as streamlined as possible one of the core tenets of modern design is a seamless experience convenience and an almost sterile efficiency is the number one priority going back to the Toyota Camry it's designed to be so smooth and reliable that you might forget it's even under you enhancing their comfort and convenience ergonomic improvements for seating Comfort were a focal point the new Camry Comfort convenience it's basically the automotive equivalent of a warm bowl of seasoned oatmeal it serves a functional purpose but the experience is utterly forgettable and that's intentional they want to appeal to as wide of an audience as possible by being as inoffensive as possible but comfort and convenience don't have to be boring especially in the world of luxury and that's because luxury Brands don't just sell products they sell myths that elevate the product to a legendary status there's an old legend about Rolls-Royce cars if you balance a coin upright on the engine while it's running the coin won't fall over the idea is that the ride is so smooth and the engine is so quiet that nothing disturbs you I mean sure the car is wrapped in 300 lb of acoustic insulation and they even have foam inside of the tires to reduce noise but I thought for sure that this was just a myth let's find out anyway it turns out it's real carwow tested and yes the coin stays balanced if I tried this with my economy sedan the coin would probably fall down into the engine bay get jammed in the fan belt and the whole thing would just explode nobody actually needs to balance a coin on their engine though but that's kind of the genius of it it's an unexpected way to show off how smooth the ride is this is how Legends are made the Birkin bag by Hermes plays the same game some Birkin bags like this one go for well over $300,000 weighing in at 2 kg it's worth more than its weight in gold so why do they command such a price a very big part of it is the legend surrounding it you hear stories of women stepping aside in Manhattan sidewalks for Birkin bag owners or passengers buying an extra first class seat just for their birken bag I mean sure these stories might be exaggerated but after the Rolls-Royce coin trick turned out to be real can we really be sure the power of these Legends lies in their Mystique the more we talk about these stories the more the legend grows is it true maybe maybe not but it doesn't have to be there's another layer to luxury that goes even deeper than Legends luxury isn't just about exclusivity or Legend experience and stories it's also about time let's get one thing straight in modern society everything is about saving time instant gratification convenience and Industrial efficiency rule Our Lives it's all about squeezing the most out of every minute work fast get things done and don't think too much time is money we Snap photos with our phones instead of enjoying the process with a film camera we fill our homes with Ikea furniture rather than investing in handcrafted pieces we opt for prepackaged meals instead of cooking fresh and go for fast fashion over tailored clothes convenience is King and almost every product is designed to save us time even when it costs us quality by the way no judgment here I do it too it's just the world we live in but luxury takes a different approach it's not about saving time luxury focuses on quality of time take a luxury product that literally tells time like a $20,000 Rolex or a $40,000 PCH Philip watch You' think that because they're luxury items they must be more accurate time pieces right nope not even close a $200 Seiko with a quartz movement is more accurate than a $20,000 Rolex the time on a luxury mechanical watch actually slips several minutes every year the implication is that if you can afford a $20,000 watch you have the luxury to be a few minutes late for things with a lot of luxury watches it's not even very easy to tell the time good luck trying to read these at a glance especially compared to just looking at your phone or the clock on your car dashboard some of them don't even show Numbers at all once again the message is clear if you can afford to have a watch like that you have all the time in the world things like time and money are one-dimensional variables you can quantify it but not everything that can be measured always matters luxury is an opportunity to enjoy free time when I was getting ready to make this video I went all in on the research but the one thing I hadn't done was actually experience what it's like to go out and buy a luxury product I mean sure I had those Japanese sunglasses I mentioned earlier but those were given to me as a gift now I'll be honest I would probably never buy a luxury good like this it's just not really my thing but I figured it would make a nice gift for my wife and I actually did learn a lot from the unboxing experience and how it relates to time look at how many steps there are to the unboxing experience here each step is designed to unfold and slowly build anticipation you start out with a bag with a bunch of extra goodies they throw in there for you then there's the actual box you untie the ribbon and open the box and rather than finally seeing the scarf it's still somewhat hidden by tissue paper there's even a note about the company written on the side once you remove the tissue paper the scarf is finally revealed but it's still folded up so you need to unravel it to really appreciate it the scarf itself is super light and Airy and very gradually drapes onto the ground as it unfolds imagine if they just stuffed the scarf in a plastic bag and handed it to you while rushing you out of the store it would be a totally different experience this is why quality of time is such an important element of luxury so we've been talking about how luxury brands are constantly stepping up their game but even high-end premium brands that aren't Tech technically luxury are borrowing some of these cues that's where Asus comes in their today's sponsor they really pay attention to the little details and you can see that in the Zenbook s16 when you unbox the Zenbook there are several layers to the product reveal each step shows how much thought went into the design and builds up anticipation it's like opening up a present then the first thing you notice on the laptop is the S aluminum finish they use a technology called plasma electrolyte oxidation which creates a beautiful and durable finish commonly used in high-end luxury watches it's smooth no fingerprints it just feels incredible everything about this laptop from the geometric Grill design made with CNC Machining to the way the glossy a monogram Tastefully reveals itself in certain light shows that it's been carefully crafted like you're getting something special and Asus backs up that promise with fantastic specs the 3K OLED display looks amazing the colors are super vibrant plus it's got all the ports you could need so you're not stuck hunting for adapters one thing I've really enjoyed is the ergonomic touchpad it's 40% bigger than before and feels great to use the keyboard is also spot-on with a nice feel and the six speakers provide an immersive listening experience and it's Ultra portable at only 1.1 CM thin and weighing only 1.5 kg now I know performance is a really big deal when it comes to choosing a laptop the short version is that the Asus Zen book s16 is fast and quiet perfect for getting stuff done but if you want to learn more go click the link in the description and see why the Zenbook might be your next laptop back to the video there are other ways that luxury plays with time and this aspect goes back thousands of years King Tutt was buried with his most prized possessions golden burial masks intricately crafted jewelry and even an iron bladed dagger that last one is especially interesting since humans didn't even learn how to smelt iron from ore until several centuries after King Tut was around so nobody's exactly sure how it was made the current leading theory is that the iron used to make the blade came from a meteorite that fell from the sky so to the Egyptians iron was a material that was quite literally from the heavens just like everything else in King tutt's tomb that dagger was meant to last for eternity the choice of such a durable precious material reflects a desire for the owner's memory to achieve a certain kind of immortality King Tut was trying to own a piece of time by ensuring that his presence and values continue to exist long after he's gone to put it more simply he used luxury objects to create a legacy for himself in modern times this desire for legacy still happens with family heirlooms it could be an engagement ring or one of the more common items passed down from generation to generation a watch one inevitable result of a legacy heirloom is that it will age and wear down with time take this Rolex for example the watch face of this Rolex was originally a deep black but after Decades of sun exposure it fades to a rich brown You' think this would decrease the watch's value well not in the world of luxury this change is called a tropicalized dial and it can actually double the price of the watch luxury products have a unique relationship with aging with most things when something gets old we just call it worn out but with a luxury product it's called a patina an object's patina is a testament to the object's history and its endurance in the world of luxury age actually enhances value unlike pretty much every other consumer product every scratch and blemish tells a story of its past the meaning of the object deepens as time passes and its history grows but it's not just lasting materials and patina that make time a major aspect of luxury it's also about the painstaking timeconsuming process behind making every piece almost all luxury objects are at least partially made by hand it takes up to 40 hour hours to make a Birkin bag building a single Ferrari takes hundreds of hours literally months for comparison a new car rolls off the assembly line every 17 seconds at the Toyota factory in Kentucky PCH Philipe watches like the grandmas chime can take a 100,000 hours from initial concept to the finished production model that's 8 years of work luxury takes its time and high-end time pieces are a prime example with hundreds of tiny components some watches have their gear hand cut tooth by tooth Artisans even chamfer the edges of every piece to reduce friction and so the light catches the edges in just the right way it can take 8 hours just to chamfer the wheel of a single watch and every mechanical watch has at least three of these wheels and I haven't even gotten into the time it takes to train The Artisans who make these objects it takes four years to train someone at Hermes before they're even allowed to touch a leather good to be made for an actual customer only the best Craftsman with Decades of experience are trusted to work with fragile Leathers like reptile or ostrich because of all the time it takes to actually make luxury products the designs themselves are usually pretty Timeless a Rolex Explorer from 70 years ago doesn't look too different from a Rolex today in luxury one does not talk about best sellers but about long sellers this is also one of the reasons why I consider the idea of luxury fashion to be kind of an oxymoron fashion changes every season it's built around trends that doesn't mean that clothing are fashion accessories can't be luxury I would consider Hermes a luxury brand even though they sell clothing and accessories the Hermes Burkin bag is a design that's older than I am in contrast a lot of luxury fashion like Balenciaga is more Trend ribon there's nothing wrong with that but it's why I don't see luxury fashion as true luxury it's the difference between a classic tailored suit and a crazy Street Wear outfit both have their place but only one is timeless luxury fashion brands also tend to make their products out of Cheaper materials and poor working conditions it doesn't make sense to spend a lot of time developing something that'll go out of style in just a few months this is also one of the many reasons why I don't consider Apple a luxury brand yes they definitely borrow some of the principles from luxury Brands but consumer electronics made by Apple are semi-disposable it's usually easier to replace an Apple product than it is to repair it most products in the US economy are like this too but it's not uncommon for luxury goods to outlive their original owner and even retain their value some luxury goods can even increase in value AES Bur bags have increased 500% in value over the last 35 years that's 14% per year for comparison that's almost double the average growth rate of the S&P 500 which tracks some of America's biggest companies now of course not all luxury goods are investments a 1980s Rolls-Royce Silver Spirit sold for 120k new but it's only worth about 20K on the used market today but the Cornish convertible which sold for around 65k can sell for well over 100k today so even within the same brand it's about which product stands the test of time but then all of this focus on Timeless design requires a certain understanding of the product's history luxury customers need to learn to appreciate these finer details luxury is as much about knowing the object as it is about owning it so I've got two pairs of sunglasses here one is the $700 masunaga frame that I showed you earlier and the other is a $60 frame by Donahue at first glance they might look pretty similar especially if you're looking at them on camera and can't hold them in your hand but once you get up close and once you know what to look for the differ Es are pretty obvious the masunaga frame just fits better the bridge cradles your nose and the body is made out of plant-based plastic the nose pads are clear not black so they blend into your skin a lot better it's a small touch but it prevents the black blob on your nose look that cheaper frames give you now compare that with the Donahue frame it has basic plastic nose pads that are made to look metal but they're plastic and they dig into your face and even after bending them they just don't fit well when you get a frame you should you should be able to bend it and adjust it to fit your features but the donu frame doesn't Flex like it should even when I heat the material masunaga on the other hand uses titanium temples that bend easily to stay rigid where it counts stretch the donu temples and the whole front of the frame warps out of shape making the frame edges stick out from your face when you wear it but with masunaga the frame holds its shape even when you stretch it it's these little details that add up masunaga frames are just more resolved the top bar is seamlessly welded into the main body with hidden screws that give it a refined look meanwhile the Don Hue has clunky metal Parts welded together and the frame even rattles when you shake it hear that I can easily spend another hour picking apart all these details but you get the idea also masunaga if you're watching this hit me up I'm a designer I'd love to collaborate on an eyewear frame with you but anyway the more time you spend learning about the object the more you appreciate it at its best luxury is about thoughtful enjoyment rather than mindless consumption and these beautiful objects exist because passionate designers and customers care about the finer details because luxury objects are usually so expensive you can't just buy them on a whim learning about the object makes the weight more enjoyable you slowly build up a dream in your mind of one day owning it this knowledge is also a very important performative part of luxury ownership it's about showing people like I just did how knowledgeable and sophisticated you are that's why some people get so pretentious about luxury goods it's the same Vibe as those wine enthus going on about robust Tannon structures and a finish with hints of charred Cedar and bramble berries you don't just own the object you perform your expertise but there's another layer to all this we've talked a lot about how time relates to luxury but we haven't mentioned anything about space this is where things get weird in 2018 an exclusive new luxury brand pesi appeared on the scene it had all the Hallmarks of high-end luxury but its impressive use of space was especially noted they held a huge launch event at a glamorous Los Angeles storefront fashion influencers and socialites were invited to experience this new designer brand firsthand they were impressed by The Classy interiors and probably felt really special with media and press swarming the event for me to experience this as a Italian designer is amazing it looks really well made it's like very you know European very you know upscale but here's the twist pesi didn't exist it was a stunt by Payless the discount shoe store those 600 $ designer shoes were actually $20 Payless Shoes what no way you've got to be kidding me shut up are you serious no the shoes were exactly the same ones showed in their regular stores but with a new store and a fancy location people believed they were worth hundreds of dollars more the pessi stunt was a bold reminder of how much we buy into myths luxury Brands create now it would be easy to just say the influencers were a bunch of idiots and that luxury is all a sham and honestly that's true to an extent at least some of the time but I don't think it tells the whole story first of all I have to wonder whether these fashionista influencers were legit I mean I'm no expert and even I can tell real leather from the synthetic stuff they were slapping on those shoes but there's a bigger Point here it's not that those influencers were all clueless it's more about how the space surrounding these objects radically changes their perceived value for the first time in my life I actually went to several luxury stores while researching this video and honestly I wish I'd done it sooner it was fascinating to see how these Brands made use of architectural spaces to create an air of exclusivity the first thing I noticed was that these stores don't really feel like stores at all they have way more in common with museums or art galleries where products are the centerpieces it's hard to convey on YouTube but stepping into these places is pretty impressive interior design can really warp your perception of the space one employee I spoke with even called the Louis Vuitton flagship store a sacred place now that is definitely taking things a bit too far buying a $33,000 purse is not a sacred experience and anyone who tells you otherwise is nuts but there are definitely elements of religious iconography in most luxury stores you see ornate details displays of opulence and excess and of course the products are treated like Precious relics one thing that really struck me was how almost all of the stores had antiques that referen their cultural heritage like the original Louis Vuitton trunk from 1875 the way Lux products are displayed in stores Bears an unmistakable resemblance to the way old relics are presented in cathedrals and trust me that is no accident the products are placed on pedestals or in these pristine glass displays and the most important thing was the amount of space between each product some of the store displays also had lights behind each object giving them this soft refined glow just for comparison I went to Macy's which is a respectable department store but the experience was totally different the way they crowded all the products together in these Dusty scratched up cases just made them feel cheaper somehow like each item was competing for your attention the space wasn't designed to highlight individual items but to Showcase as much merchandise as possible even the display materials felt cheap and old and the entire store was bathed in this harsh greenish fluorescent light one section of Macy's had a corner with a bunch of $1,000 mlan pens but under the fluorescent light the low ceilings and the fingerprint covered display cases everything just felt tacky and plastic IC later I visited the M Blanc flagship store a few blocks down the street the merchandise was presented way more nicely and the space genuinely transformed the perceived value of the objects this stark contrast demonstrated the power of space that's one of the real reasons why the fashionistas at peses were willing to spend $600 on a pair of $20 shoes it works both ways too you wouldn't spend $30,000 on an Aires bag if it was in the back of a grimy 7-Eleven you might think you never fall for something like this but the numbers tell a different story throughout the 1990s architect Peter Marino did over-the-top redesigns of dozens of luxury stores each Flagship renovation cost up to $20 million despite the Steep price tag these overhauls often resulted in a 20 to 40% increase in sales allowing Brands to recoup their investment in Just 2 years and keep in mind the store sold the exact same products at the exact same location it was just the design of the space that changed even in a luxury store where everything really feels VIP there are areas reserved for the real VIPs many luxury stores have semi-private alcoves or side rooms designed for a more personal experience when I visited one store I saw a couple in one of these rooms sipping champagne and getting the Royal Treatment I overheard a sales associate jokingly asked oh should I call you baroness or princess as the associate handed her like a $2,000 pair of shoes the whole scene was just surreal the customers were surrounded by piles of shoes bags and dresses just sort of lounging luxurious ly and what made it especially interesting was that you could overhear their conversation but the space was clearly sectioned off it was visible but it wasn't accessible and that's part of the genius of it the design of the space itself created desire it's like you were so close yet so far from being in that world but it's not just the store space another important aspect of space and place has to do with where the luxury objects come from luxury has always been intertwined with the Allure of the Exotic something from a far away place carries a Mystique in today's world where nearly everything is accessible with a few clicks it can be hard to grasp the true weight of this concept but imagine living in ancient Rome luxury items would come from the East things like Persian spices and perfumes or Asian Gold and Gems and silks Arabian cinnamon people would travel for months even years to acquire these things through dangerous trade routes or across treacherous oceans with crude navigation tools even today luxury still relies on the Allure of the Exotic it's not enough for something to just be rare it needs a sense of Mystique to make it desirable this is probably part of the reason why I'm into Japanese iware it's also probably why people in Japan are absolutely obsessed with European luxury Brands So when you buy a luxury product you're buying a small piece of its native soil take a Rolls-Royce for example part of what makes it feel special is its English Heritage when you think of Rolls-Royce you might think of a group of dedicated English Artisans working in a well-lit studio meticulously constructing beautiful Vehicles they're treated well and most importantly they care about what they're making when you buy a Rolls-Royce you carry that Vision with you in your mind that setting that place is easily as important as the end product itself but when a luxury brand Strays from its cultural roots and moves manufacturing elsewhere it loses a big part of its identity this is an ongoing issue with luxury Brands I mentioned earlier in the video that I don't consider luxury fashion brands to be true luxury one reason is because they're more trend-based and fashion oriented but there's actually a bigger reason in order to meet demands and improve their already massive profit margins many of these brands have moved their production overseas these companies go through great pains to hide the real country of origin they'll sometimes hide the made in China label deep in an inside pocket other companies will have the majority of the product made overseas and then import it into Western Europe or the US for the finishing touches in order to make it technically made in France or made in the USA Brands intentionally make it impossible to find the answers but it's sort of an Open Secret in the luxury world that barely anything is made in the claimed country of origin anymore now changing the country of origin on its own might be acceptable there are plenty of fantastic Craftsmen all over the world plus luxury is also about being exotic like I said before if your product is made in a far away land because it makes the product better that actually is very much aligned with classic luxury but this becomes a problem when it's being done as a cost cutting measure companies will go to insane lengths to make sure they can legally get that made in Italy or made in France tag purely as a branding play rather than as a reflection of quality the Dior Scandal of June 2024 is an unfortunate example a manufacturer for Dior flew foreign workers to their factories in Italy but these workers were not Craftsmen lovingly hands stitching together Handbags and well-lit Studios instead they were operating heavy mass production machinery for 12 to 16 hours a day often forced to sleep overnight in the factory in some cases the workers weren't even given proper contracts or paid on time one report even showed they had removed safety devices on the Machinery to increase production speed the illegal working conditions were bad enough but when you learn that Dior was producing these bags for just 53 and then selling them for a staggering € 2,700 it makes your stomach turn that's a 5,000% markup these practices allowed Dior to slap a made in Italy label on a handbag but in the process they totally ignored what made that label special in the first place the issue here isn't just labor exploitation although that is a huge part of it it calls the entire luxury industry into question if Dior can do it who's to say the whole system isn't compromised and if you're not buying for quality or handmade craftsmanship and ethical production what are you buying for it's important to remember that Dior is not just a brand Christian Dior was a designer who dedicated his life to beauty and craftsmanship he passed away in 1957 and I can't help but think he'd be horrified by what's happening under his name today so where did we go wrong in the last 40 years the industry has shifted from small family-owned businesses run by artists and designers to Global multinational corporations there was a time where quality and creativity really mattered but as luxury Brands became public ly traded companies with shareholders pressuring owners for continued growth things changed the CEO of lvmh the parent company of Dior Louis Vuitton and dozens of other luxury Brands is named Bernard Arno he's sitting on a net worth of 175 billion dollar he's like the fifth richest man in the world richer than Warren Buffett sometimes he's the richest you don't make that kind of money unless you prioritize profit above everything else true luxury goods are some of the closest things there are to functional art but when you move to mass production the magic Fades it's just another assembly line product maximizing profits in the corporate world has always been and will always be the downfall of true luxury companies sell you a vision but sometimes that vision is just a mirage so is it ever worth buying a luxury product it's tough to say at its worst luxury is about price gouging elitism and wasteful excess but at its best luxury represents genuine creativity craftsmanship and Timeless Beauty to paraphrase Bill Waton when all we value is ruthless efficiency we deny our own Humanity without an appreciation for grace and beauty there's no pleasure in creating things and no pleasure in owning them beauty is a human need the bigger a company gets the further it drifts from the Creator's original Vision the drive for profits overshadows creativity and integrity just look at Dior luxury used to be about commissioning something made just for you it was a relationship between Creator and client based on mutual respect you were a benefactor supporting their skill and the object you received was a symbol of that relationship big companies try to imitate this but it can never be real it's a one-sided relationship that's ultimately based on how much money you spend on their products but when you buy from an individual Creator you become a patron of their life's work work they respect you and you in return honor their talent and dedication that's where there's still magic in luxury goods so yes luxury can be worth it but only when you're investing in something personally meaningful something that reflects real passion creativity and skill the spirit of creativity and the desire to create something beautiful will always exist big shout out to everyone who helped with this video especially my patrons if you enjoyed this video be sure to subscribe and if you're feeling generous please consider supporting me on patreon have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @xanacc [1 likes]: the best part of this video was the part about the laptop im watching this on LOL
  2. @finsgutus [1 likes]: 20:58 500% in 35 years is "only" 5.3% annual compound gain. Not bad as such. Then factor in any storage, insurance and maintenance cost. Still not bad for a consumer good, but hardly a comparable investment to S&P 500 index over the same period.
  3. @finsgutus [1 likes]: 9:50 coin might stay balanced on a Rolls V8, but Toyota did that as well with the legendary 1UZ-FE engine originally designed for the iconic Lexus LS 400. It's so good that FAA certified it for airplane use as well. It's literally better than the Rolls engine in every possible way. In general Toyota is known for the best, most reliable, clean and low maintenance engines in the world. Not maybe the most exciting cars (especially after the golden age of 80s and early 90s), but they make engines like no one else. But some advertising agent is going to convince you that a Rolls is somehow better.
  4. @braddavis4377: I think you're on to something: true story, I go to Macy's and I see a pair of Michael Kores shoes on sale. After leaving the store I see a Michael Korea store. So I pop inside to see how much the shoes that I saw in Macy's differed in price. Of course the shoes at the Michael Kores store sold for more. 
I'm curious as to why dedicated name brand stores 
1) choose to have their stores in such close proximity to retail stores like Macy's 
And better yet
2) why would someone choose to buy their shoes etc. from a name brand store when they know they can get the same item from a retail  store in the same mall?! Marketing is amazing  😅
  5. @norbertscheibenreif8336: I dream of owning a Toyota camri 😅
  6. @Pidalin: I got my new glasses, first day in work, one guy (such a fat prick that always talks about money which he doesn't have) ran to me and started talking something about that I habe Armani glasses and if I am stealing or what. I swear I barelly noticed it's Armani, I just picked frame that looked good and was comfortable to me, it's crazy that people actually care about some stupid brands, I am thinking about removing that logo somehow because people think I am rich because od damn glasses, it's ridiculous, they all pay stupid leasing for giant SUVs they don't need, but I must be stealing because I have stupid glasses. 😀
  7. @AbsolutumDominiom: What a video Wow.
  8. @n.e.r.d.227: 6:19 that is described as a pure driving experience; that's why car enthusiasts like me love simple cars.
  9. @GauravSharma-xz9oj: good video
  10. @fredygump5578: Not saying everything is wrong, but this guy is not the one to talk to about watches!
  11. @piwi2005: You forgot one element of explanation: the rich are so rich they can wipe their ass with 500E bills daily. And the only reason they don't do it is because of practicality.
  12. @kelzero: good to have elaboration on @atlanta_luxury_bags POV videos lmao
  13. @TheeBAIN: Patiently waiting for a video on resturants and clubs
  14. @wanwan2180: I feel like i'd definitely be turned away if i tried to enter a luxury store
  15. @12mhael: the watch with the fingers goes hard tho omfg
  16. @AmxCsifier: 7:07 nah you can still find people who dream of owning a camry
  17. @jameslo303: Watching this video made me really think why I've always been naturally repelled by luxury items. The conclusion I've reached has to do with the fact that they completely fail to get their message across. I've been attracted to pocket sized objects of any kind since I can remember myself. Nowadays the word 'gadget' is mostly used in this context, but I've always thought that the term was too limiting. I also appreciate a great story behind a product and in some cases the craftsmanship that was involved in making it, but I don't see how any of those 2 should only or even generally be related to luxury items. 2 examples that come to mind:
1. The Casio F91-W wristwatch. A truly iconic design but also the watch that single handily democratized horology. Casio stubbornly produces it since 1989 and although not 'perfect' by any metric, it absolutely rivals in my opinion numerous luxury watches in historic significance and authority in product design. Also, can be had for 15 bucks..
2. The Song Bird ocarina: A very 'obscure' choice, but visiting their website & reading their story, lets one into the wonderful life story of a man so enchanted by the instrument that has spent most of his life perfecting its construction, both in aesthetics as well as function. Beautiful instruments made in a small workshop in California by a small team, each one of them meticulously designed, constructed, tuned to perfection and decorated, for a price that in most cases is well bellow 100 bucks.
Difference between luxury items and those I've just mentioned? The Casio & the Song Bird ocarina: The importance of the items lies within the item itself. The Ferraris & the Hermes bags? The importance of the item lies within the person that buys them.
  18. @theblackwithin3457: yeah.. the price went up, but not the _value_.
  19. @Iris_and_or_George: The company I worked for exports wine and spirits to China. Including a $150 bottle of 40 y.o. Port. It didn't sell untill they raised the price to $400, then it almost instantly sold out.
  20. @IllusionSector: 1:16 I guess it's for carrying things that you use to take care of your horse? Or what was recently INSIDE your horse.

- The Psychology of Luxury: Why We Crave Expensive Things: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why people spend thousands on a handbag when a $50 one does the same job or why do some shoes cost as much as a used car it is not just about quality it is about psychology and the billion-dollar industry that knows how to make us crave luxury today we are diving deep into the psychology of luxury and why we chase after expensive things even when we do not need them and trust me by the end of this video you might start questioning your shopping habits point one St status and social proof let's be honest luxury is not just about the product it is about what it says about you owning a designer bag or driving a sports car is not just about personal enjoyment it is a social signal a status symbol and Status it is a currency we have been wired this way for centuries in ancient Rome only the elite wore purple in the 1700s French Aristocrats flaunted ridiculously oversized wigs to show they did not have to work today we Flex with Rolexes and Ferraris but here is the kicker sometimes the price makes something desirable let's talk about that next point two the price perception illusion imagine you are at a restaurant you see two glasses of wine one for $10 one for $100 which one has to taste better exactly studies show we perceive expensive things as Superior even when identical researchers poured the exact wine into two bottles labeled with different prices in one experiment guess which one people said tasted better yep the expensive one our brains associate high prices with high value making us believe luxury is worth it even when it is not would you enjoy it more if I slapped a $1,000 price tag on this video point three the scarcity and exclusivity trap what happens when something becomes hard to get we want it even more this is the classic supply and demand trick but luxury brands have mastered it think about those exclusive drops from Brands like supreme or Rolex it is the same reason people camp out side stores for a sneaker release or Scramble for soldout concert tickets but what if I told you that some luxury brands have taken this further by making customers beg to buy their products point four the luxury gatekeeping effect imagine walking into a store cash in hand ready to buy and they say no it happens all the time in Ultra high-end luxury take hermes's famous Birkin bag you cannot buy one off the shelf even if you have the money you need to build a relationship with the brand first some people wait years before they are invited to purchase one why because exclusivity creates desire the harder it is to get the more we want it and once you finally get access you feel like you have made it point five the emotional connection to luxury sometimes it is not even about status or scarcity it is about emotion your first designer watch reminds you of a milestone or that luxury handbag it is proof of how far you have come luxury is not just about the product but the feeling it gives you a sense of achievement a moment of reward and that that is priceless thought-provoking wrap-up so do we need luxury or is it all just clever psychology the truth is that luxury will always be desirable not because of what it is but because of what it represents status exclusivity emotion but at the end of the day the real luxury knowing you do not need any of it to feel valuable might be knowing so next time you see a $5,000 handbag ask yourself do you want it or have you just been trained to if you found this breakdown fascinating hit that like button and subscribe for deeper dives into money luxury and psychology

- How Emotions Drive B2B Purchases More Than Logic: Kind: captions Language: en For years, B2B sales was considered a purely logical arena where decisions were made by committees guided by data and ROI calculations. But recent research has flipped this idea on its head. Even in the most complex business environments, emotions play a powerful and often decisive role in purchasing decisions. Behind every company are people, and people are inherently emotional. Whether it's trust, fear, pride, or the desire for security, these feelings shape how buyers perceive solutions and make choices. Understanding this emotional dimension is now essential for sales professionals who want to truly connect and succeed in today's competitive marketplace. Tempting to believe that business buyers are immune to emotion. But the stakes in B2B are actually much higher than in BTOC. A bad consumer purchase might mean losing a few dollars. But in B2B, reputations, promotions, and even jobs can be on the line. This amplifies emotional drivers like fear of failure, the desire for recognition, and the need for reassurance. Buyers aren't just evaluating products. They're seeking confidence and security. When your solution helps reduce personal or professional risk, buyers are far more likely to move forward. In this environment, trust becomes the core currency. It's not just about what your product does, but how you make the buyer feel about their decision. At the heart of every B2B sale is trust. Buyers need to believe not only in your product's capabilities, but also in your reliability as a partner. Trust is built through authenticity, expertise, and consistent communication. But there's more. Storytelling is a powerful way to connect emotion to logic. Facts and figures appeal to the mind, but stories appeal to the heart. When you frame data within a compelling narrative, buyers see themselves in your story, making the decision easier and faster. The most effective salespeople blend logic and emotion, creating a sense of confidence and support that helps buyers move forward with conviction. B2B loyalty is about more than just product performance. It's about how customers feel when working with you. A positive emotional experience leads to long-term partnerships, repeat business, and valuable referrals. Companies that focus only on transactions miss out on the deeper connections that drive sustained growth. Emotional resonance turns satisfied customers into passionate advocates. By balancing emotion and logic, presenting logical benefits through an emotional lens, you create a compelling case that appeals to both the mind and the heart. Highlight not just the ROI, but also the peace of mind, improved morale, and professional recognition your solution brings. Truly connect in B2B sales. Focus on empathy, authenticity, personalization, and value creation. Understand the buyer's challenges and pressures. Be genuine and transparent, and tailor your approach to the individual, not just the company. Show how your solution makes their job easier, safer, or more impactful. When you align your offering with the buyer's emotional motivators, your solution becomes not just relevant, but irresistible. In the end, logic may open the door, but emotion closes the deal. The most successful sales leaders speak to both the mind and the heart, building trust, confidence, and lasting connections.

- Stop Confusing Your Customers: How Emotion and Trust Drive Real Marketing Results: Kind: captions Language: en And it's time for the second episode of Lights, Camera, Traction Update. I shaved my head. So that hair, >> just in case you didn't recognize, this is Lucas, Skyler, Scott. >> Hi. Hello. And welcome to this next chapter. >> Welcome to our studio. >> The studio. Yeah, exactly. So, this is uh this is one side of the studio. Uh we've got all kinds of sides. There's many sides. It's an octa talented studio. >> Octa talented. That means there's like eight. There's eight talents in here. We're three of them. >> Yeah. The rest is all in my head. >> The rest are Louis's personalities. >> Today, uh we're talking about a couple of things. So, um for clarity, right, we do content, we do video production, we do marketing, we do um business coaching, we help uh businesses understand how to connect more deeply with their clients and how to um scale their digital presence in a way that's meaningful and drives results. Uh and we do it for ourselves. And that's what this podcast is all about. It's about producing media on mass scale. So, what did we do to to get some kind of framework? I'll just tell you. We went to AI. That's the way to do it. And we got three talking points for this episode. Let me tell you what they are. We have emotion drives decisions. Ooh, interesting. Intriguing. Trust. That's the real currency. Ah, spicy but not too spicy. You know, it's going to be fine. And clarity beats cleverness. So, let's dive into the first one. >> All right. So, the first one was emotion. people buy on emotions. >> Yeah. So the question is, is there a brand that you can remember that resonated with you emotionally that helped you or that connected with you and that's what drove your purchasing decision? And you know what I think of immediately? >> In the arms of the puppy in the cage. >> Okay. >> And you cannot hear that song without thinking >> singing a puppy in a cage. >> Right. Right. Okay. an emotion and then you're like fine take all my money here. >> No, really like people make purchases based on emotion, right? >> But not just sadness. And it can be it can be any strong emotion, right? Um joy, uh anger, uh relationships, every kiss begins with K. >> Lust trying to create lust. >> Desire. >> Lucas always tells us sex cells. >> Sex. It's the only thing that'll work. That and fear. No, that's not the only thing that'll work. But they are powerful motivators. >> I mean, desire and fear are like >> because the other thing is people only give you money to solve a problem. If you don't solve a problem that they have identified that they have, then they're not going to give you their money. >> Yeah. Well, and that's like part of what we do is help businesses understand how to communicate to their clients so they can see that you do have a solution that's viable. >> Yeah. And it's less about the um features of your product or service and more about how it's going to solve the problem in their life. And I think that's where a lot of people miss the mark in marketing is they want to lead with why. They're like trying to set themselves as differentiators. We do this and this and this and this and this when really the person really just wants to hear how are you going to make my life better, >> right? Why? Why is that product or service important to them? Right. >> Right. What problem are they going to solve? >> And all that other stuff was noise that made them stop listening. >> Right. Well, I think that there is a place for, you know, features, right? But I think it's further down that buying cycle, you know, like >> it's building credibility, right? >> Like Yeah. Well, after you have like so at the very top of the funnel, right, we have the awareness um of your brand, of your business, but also even before then awareness that a problem even potentially exists. Some people, many people, all of us in some respect are out here living our lives and don't we've been doing it for so long, we don't even know that it's a problem. >> And so, a lot of times marketing starts with >> here's a situation and what you didn't know is it could be like this, right? And then suddenly drawing that contrast and people can say, "Wait a second. My car doesn't have to stink. I can hang a little fresher and that'll be my problem is solved." Right? I don't have to feel this way. >> I didn't really notice that that was it was the car stinking that I didn't want anyone in my car. >> I didn't want to give my buddy a ride. Yeah. You see, oh, I've got a date and like I'm I didn't even think about it. And she gets in or he gets in whatever your speed is and they give you a funny look and it's like, "Oh, I didn't know this was a problem because I've been driving in this car. This is not It sounds like a very specific personal story now that my point is all trees window. >> He's got a problem. >> You got a lot of air fresheners. >> What's going on with all the air fresheners? So, you know, um I just I think that uh it is about connecting more deeply with the emotion, right? Like that's the that's the first piece. First, we buy on emotion. Before we make the final purchasing decision, we use logic to justify. So once we've like felt like we're going to do a thing, then we start making up all the reasons in our head about why it makes sense. We start, you see what I'm saying? You have that like internal like Q&A almost like well pros and cons. Um and if we're bought in enough emotionally, we will find reasons why it makes sense. We will justify >> find validation for whatever you're looking for. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Right. >> So um so the question is are you using emotion in your marketing? And even bigger question, a little bit of a uh like a self- assessment question. How are you being manipulated by marketing? See if you can notice. >> You know, I don't mind being manipulated by marketing. You know, people it's like when they're serving you ads and things. I actually like targeted ads that are like that way I'm not littered with all all this stuff that doesn't apply to me and there are things that are specifically coming to me because I have searched >> a particular >> some term or something and then I'm being served this and I actually am I weird? I actually want to be served the stuff that um >> that pertains to you. Sure. Absolutely. >> No, I don't think that's odd at all. I mean, I think that makes a lot of sense that you would only want to see the stuff that pertain because there's so much noise out there. And that's the whole point is us trying to figure out, you know, how do you target the people that you're trying to talk to and get around all of that noise and so there's paid attention to you instead of the 15 other ads running in the background. No, I think it makes a lot of sense. >> Well, the the the negative stigma that I experience with that is uh like a privacy kind of vibe like, okay, yes, it's true. I'm into video stuff. So ads about cool little attachments that will save me time and stress that connect to my camera and hold a microphone. That's going to work for me. I find it interesting. I can look at it and like see the value in it. But at the same time, I like to pretend like I'm making my own decisions and I'm not being influenced. >> Oh, true. >> And so there's like that's the that's the like what do they call? >> I just don't think I'm really I'm really not bothered. I don't know. I'm not bothered by privacy. Like >> I mean I'm not >> all your cookies and stuff being hidden. Like I just don't know that that really bothers me. So some of my IT friends, some of our cyber security people, hey tell us why we should be a little bit more concerned. >> Oh god. No, no, no. Don't say that. >> Or don't. We don't want >> Tell us. Drop it in the comments. I want to know. Like let me bring my awareness to why I need to care. >> No. No. Don't. You're stressed out all the time. All the time would be this stress midnight. Alexa's always listening and I'm like, but I don't say anything interesting, so it doesn't I don't care. >> That's what she thinks. Um, okay. Okay. How about this one? So, here's an interesting idea. So, what's one thing a small business can do tomorrow to build trust online based on the idea that trust is currency and customers won't buy if they don't feel? >> So, we're going into number two. We're going into trust is currency. >> Yeah. Yeah. This goes back to visibility, credibility, profitability. >> Yes. Yes. And and the idea that I come back to a lot of times, especially in like how can we add value to a viewer is like what's something that someone can actually do rather than it just being like here's what I think, here's what here's what I think. What can you do right now? You run a dry cleaner, you run a restaurant, a local restaurant. What's something that they they can do tomorrow to improve their credibility online? What if um they looked up what the most common pain points are around dry cleaning and then just posted something very transparent about that particular subject, right? >> So, I think it has to do with not always feeling like that cheesy salesperson and not always feeling like you're trying to push your product or your service on somebody. It's creating credibility through industry knowledge, through um knowledge of problems, and this is how you could solve it. And maybe not drawing the direct line to, hey, we do that, but saying, hey, I'm going to provide you a reason to want to come to my page, and I'm not going to feel like I'm always pushing something. I'm going to provide something else other than the cheesy car salesperson. >> Yeah. Buy now. >> Yeah. >> Something other than different. Buy now. Buy now. Buy now. >> Here's an interesting idea. So, this is So, for clarity, creative safe zone. Creative safe zone. I'm just going to like spit out We'll we'll try. >> So, um I I always heard that one of the best ways to build trust really quickly um is to make a some kind of promise, a commitment, something simple. This is for like networking, handtohand combat networking when you're out in the community and then keep that promise. So, say telling somebody, hey, I'm going to follow up with you. And then like when you leave the event, you go out to your car and you like send them a text and you're like, hey, you know, it was great meeting you or whatever. Um let's connect. That's like >> like in >> you said you were going to do it. You did it. >> You're a notch up >> just like that because there's people all day long saying I'm going to do this thing and then they don't do it. So as as a business, what can you do from a digital standpoint? You could you could and this is a something you could do that is accessible to many businesses, right? With low barrier of entry. You could run an ad and it's not to sell something. It's just like almost like an engagement ad and it could say like what's you know one thing that that has uh that you've sent to the dry cleaner that got ruined, you know, or something like that. Comment below and like we'll respond back with some I don't know what. I don't know what and then respond. >> Well, I think that that helps to establish the visibility you were talking about because if you have consistency in posting, which I think is a great way to establish uh is like brand awareness. If you see a cleaner ad every single week, the same day, the same time, roundabout, and you're consistently seeing them all the time, and then you're seeing their sign when you're driving down and somebody's talking about it or they're sharing their post, the more you see that cleaner's brand and face and name and message, the more you're going to start to trust them because they're everywhere or they're related to, you know, things that you trust already or they're posting all the time and you're really starting to create a brand awareness. I had this conversation with somebody at lunch earlier and she's going to start, you know, running for a particular office. And the thing is I told her, I said, "You need to start putting your messages out there now." Get your face and your brand out there now because when you're time to actually campaign, you want people to know who you are. You want people to already have a relationship with you, already feel connected to you, and already go, "Hey, I really like that person and I like what they stand for." And then now you're trying to campaign for something particular, right? >> Yes. Okay. So the amount of times you show up in front of somebody you meaning your brand your face if if you're the if it's a small business and you're like your face is the part of the brand um you know like 7 to 12 times to build enough trust for them to make a decision. But if my I want to just drive the point home if you run an ad and you make a commitment in the ad to respond in the comments or to do a thing and you got to do it cuz if you say you're going to do a thing and you don't do it you're breaking your word. But if you can get it set up right you're you're doing you're killing two birds with one stone. You know what makes me think of something kind of easy? And this is more in the networking world. Um, what's something easy that you could do when you're meeting somebody? Hey, are you on LinkedIn? I'm going to reach out to you on LinkedIn and make a connection. How that will be fantastic because now you actually can stay connected >> connected with them and you've followed up and done what you said you were going to do. And then also it's not creepy when they get the invite from you because you've already said, "Hey, I'd love to connect with you and you've almost kind of gotten permission." >> Yeah. Yeah. I'll probably eat my words one day, but I just am not on LinkedIn, guys. Not I'm on LinkedIn, but like me, I'm just not like >> Lucas, you are on LinkedIn because Rocket City Moment on LinkedIn. I'm not like me personally when I go and think about >> Are you on social media period? >> Yes, of course. Yeah. >> Um like definitely on. So, I would say LinkedIn is the more professional um social media. So, maybe you're just not very professional. >> Oh, quite received. Um well, maybe I'll just uh you know, I'll just send them my link to my MySpace page instead. >> Uh you know, I just go straight to the phone. >> What's your platform of choice? >> Um for business, like networking, I go to Facebook. I go to Facebook. Um and try I am also >> Are you over 40? I'm not. >> See, because that's the other thing that is kind of prevalent right now is you ask a younger person about Facebook and they say, "So, what do you know about somebody who's on Facebook?" And the first thing they say is, "Oh, that they're over 40." >> Well, I hear I hear a lot of people talk about Instagram that they get a lot of results on Instagram. They post a lot on Instagram. I even have people talk about they get better responses from the same post on Instagram that they than they do on Facebook. And so I feel like Instagram is kind of like the go-to platform right now, >> which is funny. Yeah, it just depends on who your audience is. And that that goes back to your clarity piece, right? Like where are the people that have the problem that you solve hanging out and that's where you need to be hanging out. Sure. Right. >> Yes. Um um for for micro businesses they it it can be tough to it it just because okay identify with yourself create content that you would engage with and more than more than if you're a small I'm talking like solo or one or two main crew kind of deal you're going to wind up connecting with people right like at that level you don't need to be on every platform that can be overwhelming and confusing and frustrating better to just go towards and I say that because I am more familiar with Facebook. I spend more time on Facebook. I've run ads on Facebook. I've done business on Facebook and personal stuff on Facebook. And so because of that, I find it easy to get on there and start connecting and engaging and doing that connection. Whereas LinkedIn, I go on it when I have to. >> It's that so because of that, because of my I'm less familiar with it. I don't, you know, it's worked to me. It's a pain. And so yeah, I know we got to call right right now. >> It's right now. Can we pause it? Can we? >> Um, no, it's okay. We'll Let's just uh >> I mean, he's calling. >> Let's wrap it up. Take the Go. We're going to wrap We'll wrap up. >> Hello. >> This is what it's like running a business. When you run a business, you got to run the business 24/7. >> You answer when the client calls. >> That's exactly right. All right. Okay. We'll we'll uh we'll pick this up next week, next month, actually. So we do once a month filming and then we use the long form and chop up some short form and we create a whole thing out of it so that way we have media uh for the for the whole month at least a baseline of media and then anything we create beyond that Tik Toks. You've got a Tik Tok idea for today. I'm so excited fun um is just icing on the cake. >> And that's things we do for our clients as well, right? >> That's right. Yeah, absolutely. I mean the whole idea is like how can we create content in a way that's fun, exciting, engaging, and uh >> shows people what we do >> and Yeah. shows people what we do. Okay, you guys have a great one. Thanks for joining us for uh what's it called? Lights, lights, camera, traction. Um with with the Lucas, the lovely Jennifer and Dana. And uh we'll see you guys next time. Peace out.

- The Emotional Trigger Behind Every Purchase Decision: Kind: captions Language: en Hey brainiacs, welcome back to Brain and Bank. I'm your host John. And if you've ever wondered why we choose one brand over another, even when the products are nearly identical, you are not alone. Why do people pay extra for a pair of sneakers just because there's a trudge on the side? Or why some logos instantly make us feel trust, excitement, or even status? Today we're diving into a powerful truth about business and branding that most people overlook. People don't buy products, they buy feelings. This episode will break down the psychology behind branding. Why emotional connection drives buying decisions and how you can use this insight to build a brand that people don't just like, but they love. Let's get into it. Chapter one. People don't buy products, they buy feelings. Let's get one thing straight. When people make buying decisions, they're not comparing feature lists in a spreadsheet. They're chasing a feeling. That feeling might be comfort, confidence, belonging, or status. But it's almost never just about the product itself. Think about Apple. They don't just sell phones. They sell elegance, creativity, and that sleek minimalist lifestyle. Their messaging says, "You're not just buying a device. You're joining a culture. It's not about megapixels or storage space. It's about how owning an iPhone makes you feel smart, stylish, part of something bigger." Or take Nike. Sure, they make shoes, but what they really sell is belief. Just do it isn't just a slogan. It's a mindset. When someone buys Nike, they're not thinking about arch support. They're buying into motivation, ambition, and the spirit of an athlete, even if they never leave the couch. And Coca-Cola, they're not just selling soda. They've spent decades tying their brand to joy, nostalgia, and togetherness. Their ads don't push product specs. They show families, friends, and memories being made. That emotional backdrop is what makes people choose Coke over just another drink. The bottom line, people want to feel something connected, seen, inspired. When your brand gives them that feeling, they don't just become customers, they become loyalists. They remember how you made them feel. And that's more powerful than anything you can list on a product label. Chapter two, the science behind emotional branding. Here's something most people don't realize. We don't make buying decisions with logic. We make them with emotion. In fact, neuroscience has proven that when the emotional part of the brain is damaged, people struggle to make even the simplest decisions. That's because emotion is the driver behind action and logic just comes in to justify it afterward. So, when someone buys a product, what they're really doing is saying yes to a feeling. Let's break that down. There are four core emotional drivers that brands use to connect deeply with their audience. Trust, nostalgia, confidence, and belonging. First, trust. People buy from brands they feel safe with. Whether it's a startup or a household name, if your content, message, and customer experience consistently feel reliable, people begin to trust you. And trust is the foundation of any purchase. Then there's nostalgia. Great brands often tap into our memories to make us feel something familiar and comforting. Think of how Lego or Disney doesn't just market toys or movies. They market childhood, imagination, and the magic of growing up. Next, confidence. Some brands make you feel powerful just by being associated with them. That's why people pay premium prices for luxury watches, premium software, or designer fashion. They're not just buying a product, they're buying a personal upgrade. And finally, belonging. Humans are wired to want to be part of something. When a brand builds community, identity or shared values, it becomes more than a business. It becomes a tribe. That's how CrossFit built its loyal base. How Patagonia built its movement and how brands like Glossia turned customers into ambassadors. The science is clear. People buy what they feel. If you want your brand to stand out, don't just speak to your audience's minds. Speak to their hearts. That's how loyalty is built. Not through logic, but through emotion. Chapter three. Why story sells better than features. Here's something powerful to remember. Features inform, but stories transform. You can list every spec, benefit, and bonus your product has to offer. But if your audience doesn't feel connected, they'll forget it by the end of the scroll. Why? Because humans are hardwired to respond to stories. It's how we've communicated meaning for thousands of years. And in branding, storytelling is what builds that emotional bridge between your product and your people. Think of the difference between these two pictures. This planner comes with 300 pages, a durable leather cover, and five color options versus I created this planner after nearly burning out from juggling two jobs, freelancing at night, and still trying to build my dream. It's not just pages. It's the system that saved my sanity. One is a list, the other is a feeling. The first one informs, the second one connects. This is why personal brand stories are so powerful. They help people see themselves in your journey. When you talk about your failures, breakthroughs, lessons learned, they don't just hear what you're saying, they feel seen. That's when trust forms. That's when people stop scrolling and start listening. Generic marketing may sound polished, but it often lacks personality. A story on the other hand makes your brand human. It invites people in. And when you can make someone feel something, whether it's hope, motivation, or even just relatability, you're not just selling, you're resonating. Because in the end, people don't remember every word you said, but they'll never forget how you made them feel. Chapter four, how to build a brand that feels right. So now you understand that emotion drives buying decisions. But how do you actually build a brand that feels right to your audience? It starts with defining your emotional tone. Ask yourself, how do I want people to feel when they come across my content, my products, my brand, inspired, empowered, calm, seen? That emotional goal should be the heartbeat behind everything you create. Next, shape your brand personality. Think of your brand like a person. What's their vibe? Are they bold and rebellious like liquid death, soft and nurturing like Headspace, or sleek and confident like Apple? This personality influences everything from your messaging to your product design. And it helps your audience emotionally click with you on a gut level. Then comes consistency. Great brands aren't great by accident. They're great because they repeat the right message, feeling, and experience across everything. From your Instagram captions to your email tone, from your video thumbnails to the color palette on your website, every touch point should reflect the same emotional energy. Let's break that down even further. Visuals, color, fonts, and imagery communicate emotion instantly. Warm, earthy tones feel grounded. Bright colors feel energetic. Minimal design feels modern. Choose visuals that align with the feeling you want to evoke. Voice. Your tone of voice, whether it's witty, warm, bold, or calm, shapes how your audience perceives your values. Think of it as the personality behind the words. Be intentional about how you speak, write, and engage. content. Your content should not only inform but reinforce the feeling your brand is built on. If your brand is about empowerment, then your posts, videos, and products should consistently leave people feeling uplifted and in control. The more aligned your brand feels across every experience, the more trustworthy you become. And trust is what gets people to choose you over everyone else again and again. Because remember, it's not just about what you sell. It's about what it feels like to buy from you. So, here's what I want you to take away from this video. Your brand isn't just how it looks. It's how it makes people feel. It's the emotional connection that turns casual followers into loyal customers and buyers into believers. If you're ready to build a brand that truly connects and converts, go ahead and hit the like button. Share this video with someone who is building their business. And subscribe to Brain and Bank for more insight like this. And always remember, people don't buy what you do, they buy what it makes them feel. So make them feel something worth buying.

- Emotions Drive Purchase Decisions: Kind: captions Language: en are you dated driven well I crunch big data all day make your decisions based on the numbers i always say numbers seem to have power over humans because no matter how ridiculous an idea putting it into numerical form makes it sound respectable even if the implied measurement is transparently absurd it's the left side of your brain that processes data and information but good marketers know that it's the right side which deals with emotion we're buying decisions are made so if you're not speaking to the emotional side of the brain you are not talking to the decision maker

- Cartesian Skepticism - Neo, Meet Rene: Crash Course Philosophy #5: Kind: captions Language: en Crash Course Philosophy is brought to you by Squarespace. Squarespace: Share your passion with the world. A film for your philosophical consideration: The Matrix. You gotta remember the, uh, the humans floating in vats of KY jelly? Tubes and wires keeping them alive, stimulating their brains, to make them believe that they were experiencing the real world – the world we all think we know? Well, almost-20-year-old spoiler alert here: some of them come to find out that the real world was a desolate wasteland, and the lives everyone thought they were living were just fabrications fed into their brains. A select few were ‘rescued’ from the illusion, but some of them were so unhappy in the real world that they chose to return to illusion. But Neo -- and the others who chose to stay and fight --- were the philosophical heroes of the movie, choosing truth at the cost of comfort and happiness. After watching The Matrix, you might’ve found yourself wondering: Could this be true? Could we possibly be stuck in a dream world of someone else’s making, with no way to tell that our “reality” isn’t real at all? If so, you’re not the first person to have wondered about these things. In fact, the original Neo? The guy who really went into battle against the matrix of illusion, in order to defend the Truth? He was a 17th century mathematician. Named Rene. [Theme Music] Last time, we talked about Plato, and his belief that the ordinary reality of the material world is only a shadowy approximation of Ultimate Reality. Socrates, meanwhile, who was widely believed to be the wisest man in Athens, fretted about how little he knew. Philosophers spend a lot of time obsessing about knowledge, wishing they knew more, and worrying that they’re wrong about what they think they know. They even, if you remember from the first episode, have a fancy name for the study of knowledge – epistemology. The philosopher who gets the gold star for taking this how-do-I-know-what-I-know paranoia to astonishing levels is the early modern philosopher, scientist, and mathematician, Rene Descartes. When you watch The Matrix, you should congratulate the Wachowskis for giving us such a great sci-fi adventure story. But you should also remember that the archetype of the story actually has its roots all the way back in the writings of Descartes, in the early 1600s. For a story like The Matrix to get off the ground, the audience has to be willing to entertain some level of skepticism. And a skeptic is someone who questions whether it’s possible to know anything with certainty. And Descartes was the mac daddy of all skeptics. He was so skeptical, named a form of skepticism after him – Cartesian Skepticism! Why was Descartes so skeptical? Well, he realized that many of the beliefs he used to hold were actually false. We all go through this; it’s part of what we call growing up. Learning the horrible truth about Santa and the tooth fairy. That you can’t actually buy everything you want and need for just $100. That your parents don't really have all the answers. But realizing that he used to believe things that were false really got Descartes to thinking. Because: When he believed those things, he didn’t realize they were false. So what if some of the things he still believed were also false, and he just hadn’t realized it yet? How could he know that his beliefs were true? Well, after a bit of a freak out, Descartes realized that the only way to make sure he wasn’t holding any false beliefs was to disbelieve everything. At least temporarily. He offered this as an analogy: Imagine you have a basket of apples, and you’re concerned that some of the apples might be rotten. Since the rot could spread and ruin the fresh apples, the only way to make sure there’s no rot in the basket is to dump out all the fruit, inspect each apple in turn, and return only the fresh apples to the basket. Knowing that, just like rotten fruit, a rotten idea can spread and infect all the ideas around it, Descartes up-ended the apple basket of his beliefs and decided to start from scratch. If he examined each possible belief carefully, and only accepted those about which there could be no doubt, then he’d know he was believing only true things. So, Descartes began the arduous task of examining his beliefs one by one. He started with empirical beliefs – things we come to know directly through the use of our senses. And many of us think that our senses are the most reliable source of information. If I can see it, and hear it, touch it, taste it, smell it, I must know it, right? Not so much. Descartes pointed out that our senses fail us all the time. You rush to catch up to a friend and realize, as she turns around, that your eyes played some tricks on you, and you’ve just tapped the shoulder of a perfect stranger. Food tastes wrong when you’re sick. Drink too much and you feel like the room is spinning. Water that’s room temperature feels hot when you come inside after playing in the snow. The list goes on – you can probably think of countless times when your senses gave you faulty information. And once you realize that, how can you ever trust your senses again? And for Descartes, disbeliever of everything, iit got worse. Have you ever had a dream so vivid you thought you were awake? You’ve probably had a dream that you were dreaming, or dreamed that you woke up from a dream, but in fact were still in the dream. Not everyone has had these experiences, but many of us have, and given that we don’t always know that we’re dreaming while it’s happening... HOW DO WE KNOW WE’RE NOT DREAMING RIGHT NOW?! Maybe you just think you’re watching Crash Course, but in fact, you’re cozied up in bed, dreaming about me. Which, hey, like, who could blame you? But really, when you think about it, can you be SURE it’s not the case? Now, you might be thinking, ok, sure, I probably deceive myself from time to time, without knowing I’m doing it. But dreams end. And when I wake up, I realize that what I thought I was experiencing was all in my head. And the same is true for when my senses let me down. Those are just temporary instances, isolated to a particular situation. As soon as the situation changes, I can realize that my experience was false. This quality – the ability to check in with yourself and figure out that you’re experiencing a deception – describes what Descartes called local doubts. Those are doubts about a particular sense experience, or some other occurrence at a particular point in time. Step out of that point, and you can check to determine if you’ve been deceived. But what if ... EVERYTHING IS A DECEPTION? What if everyone is experiencing the same false reality, from birth until death? What if nothing is as it seems, just like in The Matrix? This type of doubt, the kind you can’t step out of, and thus can’t check, is called global doubt. And it’s the subject of this week’s Flash Philosophy. Let’s go to the Thought Bubble. Philosopher Bertrand Russell illustrated the concept of global doubt with this troubling thought: What if the universe was created just five minutes ago? In this scenario, known as the Five Minute Hypothesis, the creator of the universe could have designed many elements of the world to make them appear “pre-worn,” so as to seem old. From dinosaur bones – fashioned by the creator, and planted for us to find, to that scar on your knee – put there by the creator, along with the pre-loaded false memory of how you got it. It seems crazy, but there’s just no way to prove that it isn’t the case. The question for Russell was -- does it matter? Descartes thought it did. But as a good Catholic, he couldn’t fathom a world in which God would plant globally false beliefs in all of our minds. So instead, he posited the existence of an Evil Genius, whose purpose in life was to deceive us, and who was clever enough to do it. Descartes didn’t exactly think such a being was likely to exist. But he realized there was no way to rule out his existence. And as long as an Evil Genius was possible, he worried that we were all stuck. Stuck in a radical skepticism, in which we really cannot trust any of our beliefs. Everything we believe, every sense experience, every thought, they could all have been put in our minds by the Evil Genius, who created an illusory world so seamless, we’d have no way of detecting the illusion. Just like the machines created for the characters in The Matrix. Descartes was at the point of despair. But then...he realized something. He had cause to doubt everything. Everything EXCEPT the fact that he was doubting. He knew he was doubting. He could be sure of that. And if he was doubting, then he must exist – at least as a thinking thing. After all, a doubt is a thought, and if there is thought, there must be a thinker having those thoughts. So Descartes decided that he couldn’t know that he had a body – what he believed to be his body could’ve been part of the Evil Genius’ deception. But he must have had a mind, or he couldn’t have been having these thoughts. This was Descartes’s ah-ha moment. In his book, Meditations on First Philosophy, he declared: Cogito ergo sum. “I think, therefore, I am.” It’s one of the most famous realizations in philosophy – I cannot doubt my own existence. I can doubt everything else, but I can’t doubt I am, bare minimum, a mind having thoughts. This was Descartes’ foundational belief, the first belief he put back in his apple basket. And from there, he figured he could build back up to more certain beliefs. Once he was certain that he was a thinking thing, he began examining his thoughts. And one of his most clear thoughts – what he called a clear and distinct idea – was that God exists. He gave an argument for this – which we’re going to examine in a later episode. But for now, take my word for it – it’s got some problems. And from there, he considered his beliefs about the physical world, and concluded that it, too, actually exists. Ultimately, he determined, God wouldn’t allow him to have clear and distinct ideas that were false, without some way to detect his own error. So, he concluded, the Evil Genius is not actually fabricating lies that consume our every waking moment. Descartes managed to reason from “cogito” all the way back up to having basically all the beliefs he started with, back in his apple basket. Which is the story of how Rene Descartes, with the power of skepticism, defeated the threat of the Evil Genius. Much like how Neo ultimately short-circuited the Matrix, though considerably less impressive to watch, I imagine. He found certainty through his discovery of the one belief that he simply couldn’t doubt – his own existence as a thinking thing. But, there is a lot of debate among philosophers as to whether Descartes actually manages to justifiably believe anything other than that he exists as a thinking thing. And we’ll talk more about that more next time. This episode of Crash Course Philosophy is made possible by Squarespace. Squarespace is a way to create a website, blog or online store for you and your ideas. Squarespace features a user-friendly interface, custom templates and 24/7 customer support. Try Squarespace at squarespace.com/crashcourse for a special offer. Crash Course Philosophy is produced in association with PBS Digital Studios. You can head over to their channel to check out amazing shows like Deep Look, The Good Stuff, and PBS Space Time. This episode of Crash Course was filmed in the Doctor Cheryl C. Kinney Crash Course Studio with the help of all of these amazing people and our Graphics Team is Thought Cafe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tora0neko [17 likes]: In this episode a frenchman discovers solipsism
  2. @johnajjugo3388 [4 likes]: Timeless crash course so informative!
  3. @SoupCam69 [3 likes]: "I think, therefore I am?" I don't know, what does your programming tell you to think?
  4. @CaptainLightning1 [2 likes]: He does not put Descartes before the horse.
  5. @garethpaxton4934 [2 likes]: The senses are not failing us. It is the minds interpretation that is failing us.
  6. @mindykb15 [1 likes]: So basically, Descartes boiled everything down to “I exist,” then threw up his hands and said, “eh, god, that fixes the rest.” Eesh.
  7. @Monjoo [1 likes]: And once again, an apple fruit revolutionize human minds again.
  8. @VenusLover17: Love it ❤
  9. @heddavanbelle6071: Everyone saying: 'Yeah Descartes was the first one to suggest our live isn't real.' But every child has believed at some point that there whole live was actually a dream. And no, I had never heard of Descartes when I was six
  10. @valuethug: By this thinking, AI is sentient.  Just ask it to prove that it exists while assuming itself to be real -what would be the difference between it and Descartes?
  11. @katietoole8345: I've never dreamed about wanting to be asleep, and right now, I REALLY wanna be asleep; therefore, I am awake.
  12. @klyddkross: 2023... I can't tell you how many times this guy has helped me out. Thank you. Philosophy is quite difficult
  13. @dinithikavindya7145: Thank you for this Episode!!
  14. @msperez1234: I’m so excited to have found your channel….❤❤❤❤
  15. @jeremiahmullikin: Well he wasn't very good at philosophizing was he?
  16. @ghostthehost9432: You mean they’re taking our thoughts we think we thought and making them thoughts, we think we thought… I think?  -Patrick Star
  17. @Whyreadmyhandle: What if there was No evil genius?
  18. @owlnyc666: Descartes did not doubt the existence of the good scientist God!  There is the epistemological  question of what is the difference between "know"  and "believe".🤔😉
  19. @sitcomfriends2908: thanks, Hank
  20. @black5f: Very interesting but who is Play-Doh?

- Why Enthusiasm Causes Skepticism - Shelle Rose Charvet - Expert on Influencing & Persuasion: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever noticed that some people are more difficult to convince about anything than other people and have you ever noticed that the more enthusiastic you get the more skeptical some people become like why is that you know let's imagine that you get a great idea tonight and you take it home this is what most people do when they go home and they get a great idea I just got great idea I want away we should from now on we should always right now have you tried that before yeah or you go back to work with your great idea right and you try out technique number 421 and your co-workers look at you and say have you been on a course [Music] lately a while ago I gave a workshop in Denver and uh an executive from a high-tech company loved it so much she booked me to do three-day workshop with the senor Executives in this company in Denver and as we were making this arrangement I phoned her and I said uh we were talking about all the arrangements and I said so what did you tell people about what we were going to do and she said I told them it was going to be fantastic like a lifechanging experience and I thought if I don't do something about this I'm dead in the water and I said to her um it'd be great if I could talk to a couple of the people before uh we start uh the program uh is there anybody who is less than then enthusiastic about what we're going to do and she said funny you should ask the CFO said to me why are we wasting our time on this program so I phoned up the CFO and I said listen I'm that strange foreign woman who's going to be coming to see you next week and and if I were you I'd be wondering why you're going to be wasting three days when you've got lots of other things to do and he said were you at the water cooler yesterday now why is it that people become more skeptical or not everybody but why does some people become more skeptical when you get enthusiastic you see the issue is at a below conscious level when you're enthusing about something it's perceived as if you're telling other people what to think and what to do and most people that you deal with in your life don't want you to tell them what to do right you have to have impeccable credibility before you can tell someone what to do and have them go okay and they'll just go do it now think about all the people you know in your life how impeccable is your credibility

- Learn to be skeptical of advertising , media and marketing 🗣📢: Kind: captions Language: en learn to be skeptical of advertising media and marketing you know what's interesting is if you want to really be conscious of ads around you go without eating for 24 hours it's quite enlightening don't eat any food whatsoever for 24 hours just drink water that's it and you're going to be shocked how many TV commercials Instagram commercials Facebook YouTube whatever ever you're on is food it is insane it is absolutely insane it's food and prescription drugs so if you go without eating you're going to be hungry and you'll start noticing it because right now you just don't even notice the commercial the fast food commercials the food commercials the restaurant commercials it's like I bet it's close to 50% of the commercials are food and the other percentage is probably uh prescription drugs so you can go to your doctor and tell your doctor what kind of drugs you want so be skeptical of advertising media and marketing

- What Is Media Skepticism and Why Is It Important for Media Literacy?: Kind: captions Language: en What is media skepticism and why is it important for media literacy? In today's fast-paced digital world, the question on many minds is what is media skepticism and why does it matter for media literacy? With the constant flow of information online, understanding media skepticism has become essential. Just yesterday, we saw new reports highlighting how misinformation spreads rapidly across social media platforms. This has raised concerns about how we consume and interpret news. Media skepticism is about questioning the information we receive from various sources. It encourages individuals to critically evaluate what they see and hear instead of accepting it without thought. This practice is especially important today as misinformation can easily influence public opinion and behavior. During the CO 19 pandemic, we witnessed how false claims about vaccines could lead to serious consequences for public health. Media skepticism helps people identify misleading content, such as inverified claims about vaccine safety. By being cautious and questioning the motives behind the information, individuals can protect themselves from manipulation. This skill is crucial in a time when misinformation can spread like wildfire. For example, earlier this week, a viral post claimed a new health trend that was later debunked. Media skepticism enables individuals to verify sources and seek out trustworthy information. It also helps in recognizing low-quality journalism, often referred to as pink slime journalism, which can erode trust in legitimate news outlets. By applying media skepticism, individuals can make informed decisions based on accurate information. This approach supports better judgment and helps people navigate the complex media environment. It is a foundational skill that enhances media literacy, allowing individuals to engage with media content thoughtfully. In a world where misleading information can have real world effects, media skepticism is not just a helpful tool, it is a necessity. It empowers individuals to critically assess media messages and reduces the impact of misinformation. As we continue to consume information from various platforms, being media skeptical is key to understanding the world accurately.

- What Is The Problem Of The Criterion In Skepticism? - All About Rome: Kind: captions Language: en What is the problem of the criterion in skepticism? Have you ever wondered how we know what is true? This question has puzzled thinkers for centuries, especially in ancient Rome. The problem of the criterion is a key issue in skepticism that asks how we can determine what beliefs are true if we do not have a reliable standard to judge them. Essentially, it raises two main questions. How do we figure out which beliefs are true without already knowing some truths? And how can we establish a standard for truth without first knowing what is true? This creates a tricky situation where we seem to be going in circles. In ancient Roman philosophy, this problem was a hot topic influenced by earlier Greek skepticism. Roman skeptics questioned whether any belief could be justified as true. They pointed out that any proposed standard for truth itself needed justification. For example, Carnitades, a prominent academic skeptic, argued that no certain standard of truth exists. He introduced the idea of pithanin which means something that is plausible or credible. However, he stressed that what seems plausible can vary from person to person and does not guarantee objective truth. On the other hand, the Peronian skeptics took a different approach. They chose to suspend judgment altogether. Instead of claiming any truth, they lived according to appearances or phenomena. This means they accepted what seemed to be the case without asserting it as true. By doing this, they avoided the trap of the problem of the criterion as they did not commit to any fixed standard of truth. In contrast, the Stoics and Epicurans who were contemporaries of the skeptics believed that it was possible to have criteria for truth. They suggested that clear and distinct impressions or reliable sense perceptions could serve as standards. However, skeptics challenged these views by pointing out that our senses can deceive us. What seems obvious to one person might not seem so to another, leading to ongoing debates about truth. In practical terms, this problem influenced how philosophers in ancient Rome advised people on knowledge, ethics, and daily life. Skeptics recommended withholding from agreement on beliefs to avoid mistakes and mental distress. This cautious attitude shaped education, rhetoric, and decision-making, encouraging individuals to think carefully and avoid dogmatism. So the problem of the criterion in skepticism revolves around the challenge of justifying any standard for distinguishing true beliefs from false ones without assuming some prior knowledge. Ancient Roman skepticism engaged with this issue deeply, often resolving it by suspending judgment and focusing on appearances rather than claiming certainty. This approach significantly influenced their philosophical views and practical advice in everyday life.

- Robert Cialdini - Science Of Persuasion: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] researchers have been studying the factors that influenced us to say yes to the requests of others for over 60 years and there can be no doubt that there's a science to how we are persuaded and a lot of this science is surprising when making a decision it would be nice to think that people consider all the available information in order to guide their thinking but the reality is very often different in the increasingly overloaded lives we lead more than ever we need shortcuts or rules of thumb to guide our decision-making my own research has identified just six of these shortcuts as universals that guide human behavior they are reciprocity scarcity Authority consistency liking and consensus understanding these shortcuts and employing them in an ethical manner can significantly increase the chances that someone will be persuaded by your request let's take a closer look at each in turn so the first universal principle of influence is reciprocity simply put people are obliged to give back to others the form of behavior gift or service that they have received first if a friend invites you to their party there's an obligation for you to invite them to a future party you are hosting if a colleague does you a favor then you owe that colleague a favor and in the context of a social obligation people are more likely to say yes to those that they owe one of the best demonstrations of the principle of reciprocation comes from a series of studies conducted in restaurants so the last time you visit a restaurant there's a good chance of the waiter or waitress will have given you a gift probably about the same time that they bring your bill and the cure perhaps or a fortune cookie or perhaps a simple mint so here's the question does the giving of a mint have any influence over how much tip you're going to leave them most people will say no but that mint can make a surprising difference in the study giving diners a single mint at the end of their meal typically increase tips by a found 3% interestingly if the gift is doubled and two mints are provided tips don't double they quadruple a 14% increase in tips but perhaps most interestingly of all is the fact that if the waiter provides one mints starts to walk away from the table but pauses turns back and says for you nice people here's an extra mint tips go through the roof a 23% increase influenced not by what was given but how it was given so the key to using the principle of reciprocation is to be the first to give and to ensure that what you give is personalized and unexpected the second universal principle of persuasion is scarcity simply put people want more of those things they can have less of when British Airways announced in 2003 that they would no longer be operating the twice-daily London New York Concorde flight because it had become uncanonical to run sales the very next day took off notice that nothing had changed about the Concorde itself it certainly didn't fly any faster the service didn't suddenly get better and the airfare didn't drop it had simply become a scarce resource and as a result people wanted it more so when it comes to effectively persuading others using the scarcity principle the science is clear it's not enough simply to tell people about the benefits they'll gain if they choose your products and services you'll also need to point out what is unique about your proposition and what they stand to lose if they fail to consider your proposal our third principle of influence is the principle of Authority the idea that people follow the lead of credible knowledgeable experts physiotherapists for example are able to persuade more of their patients to comply with recommended exercise programs if they display their medical diplomas on the walls of their consulting rooms people are more likely to give change for a parking meter to a complete stranger if that requester wears a uniform rather than casual clothes what the science is telling us is that it's important to signal to others what makes you a credible knowledgeable authority before you make your influence attempt of course this can present problems you can hardly go around telling potential customers how brilliant you are but you can certainly arrange for someone to do it for you and surprisingly the science tells us that it doesn't seem to matter if the person who introduces you is not only connected to you but also likely to prosper from the introduction themselves one group of real estate agents were able to increase both the number of property appraisals and the number of subsequent contracts that they wrote by arranging for reception staff who answered customer inquiries to first mention their colleagues credentials and expertise so customers interested in letting a property were told lettings let me connect you with Sandra who has over 15 years experience letting properties in this area customers who wanted more information about selling properties were told speak to Peter our head of sales he has over 20 years experience selling properties I'll put you through now the impact of this expert introduction led to a 20% rise in the number of appointments and a 15% increase in the number of signed contracts not bad for a small change in formed from persuasion science that was both ethical and costless to implement the next principle is consistency people like to be consistent with the things they have previously said or done consistency is activated by looking for and asking for small initial commitments that can be made in one famous set of studies researchers found rather unsurprisingly that very few people would be willing to erect an unsightly wooden board on their front lawn to support a Drive Safely campaign in their neighborhood however in a similar neighborhood close by four times as many home owners indicated that they would be willing to erect this unsightly billboard why because 10 days previously they had agreed to place a small postcard in the from the window of their home that signaled their support for a drive safely campaign that small card was the initial commitment that led to a 400% increase in a much bigger but still consistent change so when seeking to influence using the consistency principle the detective of influence looks for voluntary active and public commitments and ideally gets those commitments in writing for example one recent study reduced missed appointments at health centers by 18 percent simply by asking the patient's rather than the staff to write down appointment details on the future appointment card the fifth principle is the principle of liking people prefer to say yes to those that they like but what causes one person to like another persuasion science tells us that there are three important factors we like people who are similar to us we like people who pay us compliments and we like people who cooperate with us towards mutual goals as more and more of the interactions that we are having take place online it might be worth asking whether these factors can be employed effectively in let's say online negotiations in a series of negotiation studies carried out between MBA students at two well-known business schools some groups were told time is money get straight down to business in this group around 55 percent were able to come to an agreement a second group however we're told before you begin negotiating exchange and personal information with each other identify a similarity you share in common then begin negotiating in this group 90 percent of them were able to come to successful and agreeable outcomes that were typically worth 18 percent more to both parties so to harness this powerful principle of liking be sure to look for areas of similarity that you share with others and genuine compliments you could give before you get down to business the final principle is consensus especially when they are uncertain people will look to the actions and behaviors of others to determine their own you may have noticed that hotels often place a small card in bathrooms that attempt to persuade guests to reuse their towels and linen most do this by drawing a guest attention to the benefits that reuse can have on environmental protection it turns out that this is a pretty effective strategy leading to around 35 percent compliance but could there be an even more effective way well it turns out that about 75 percent of people who check into a hotel for four nights or longer will reuse their towels at some point during their stay so what would happen if we took a lesson from the principle of consensus and simply included that information on the cards and said that 75 percent of our guests reuse their towels at some time during their stay so please do so as well it turns out that when we do this towel reuse Rises by 26% now imagine the next time you stay in a hotel you saw one of these signs you picked it up and you read the following message 75 percent of people who have stayed in this room have reused their towel what would you think well here's what you might think I hope they're not the same towels and like most people you probably think that this sign will have no influence on your behavior whatsoever but it turns out that changing just a few words on a sign - honestly point out what comparable previous guests have done was the single most effective message leading to a 33 percent increase in reuse so the science is telling us that rather than relying on our own ability to persuade others we can point to what many others are already doing especially many similar others so there we have it 6 scientifically validated principles of persuasion that provide for small practical often costless changes that can lead to big differences in your ability to influence and persuade others in an entirely ethical way they are the secrets from the science of persuasion

  Top Comments:
  1. @binkding [79 likes]: 1. Reciprocity 
Mint study
1 mint - 3% more tip
2 mints - 14% more
2 mints personalized & unexpected - 23% more

2. Scarcity
Want more when there is less of it.
Benefits + Unique + WHAT THEY STAND TO LOSE

3. Authority
Diplomas on walls of doctors.
Get an intro from what someone else stating qualifications. "Has 20 years experience..."

4. Consistency
Do something small first. 
Put up small window sign.
Then bigger lawn sign.

5. Liking
Similar - share something personal
Compliment
Cooperate

6. Concensus
Copying others before us.
Giving stats on prior people actions.
  2. @wheatley-i1o [3 likes]: Really appreciate the breakdown of these principles; it's a great reminder that persuasion is rooted in understanding human psychology and building genuine connections. I'm going to try focusing on consistency and liking in my next interactions!
  3. @thejusticesparrows [3 likes]: Using these tactics is not ethical and anyone who thinks it is is deluded and trying to justify that it is so they can sleep better at night.
Would you tell your clients about these tactics, no because it basically manipulation.
 I know because it got used on me, what a fool I am I am beyond angry and trusted the person.
  4. @SaimirAgolli-z2i [2 likes]: I didn’t expect to learn, yet here I am—smarter and stunned.
  5. @DharmendraRaiMindMap [2 likes]: One of the most profitable videos of my life!
  6. @dcoughla681 [2 likes]: Thank you for this.  I’ve forwarded this on to cafe owners and real estate agents in my area to help them.  I think these points are simply good manners.
  7. @thejusticesparrows [1 likes]: One of my Doctors used these tactics on me and I knew something wasn't right. I knew he was hiding something, but I couldn't work out what. 
When I found out he lives by these manipulations techniques I was absolutely appalled and disgusted beyond measure😠
What a total creep. We the mere plebs, his customers and his clients are not as dumb as he thinks we are!! He might be RICH but as a human being he is ...p o o r.
  8. @TerryMatthews-h9h: Lucy no
  9. @TrepCook: Ive partly apply this as TSA
  10. @brianc9337: Why can't I read a transcript of this
  11. @Sailormoonoceanlight: Some things also just can’t be taught.
  12. @Digimoon: You tried to make something scientific, but I wish you would have given solutions and instructions instead of defining memories. I didn't catch anything from your entire video except for one valuable point😐
  13. @TheDSHeavy: Why are dislikes disabled?
  14. @jdickborron1: The new updated book includes Unity which is brilliant considering how political parties use this as a weapon.
  15. @utarian7: Please understand the meanings of “quadruple” and “double” properly
  16. @ilikehairytoes8662: The accents keep changing and im lowkey scared but this was very informative and easy to understand thank you
  17. @fodafoda7115: hello what software did you use?
 please
  18. @joseabad2552: Thanks for the lessons have a fantastic day ❤
  19. @rajeshadhikari1294: Where is Social Proof?
  20. @monke.2191: I would die for you.
You may have all I own
I require nothing of you.
You have nothing to loose.

- How to INFLUENCE Anyone – from #1 Persuasion Expert  [Robert Cialdini]: Kind: captions Language: en in the last three years I have probably read over a hundred books among those books there are only a few that I have read twice because I found them interesting today's book summary is about one of those books it is called influence by Robert cialdini it is the number one book in the world when it comes to psychology of persuasion and the author Robert cialdini is the Godfather of ethical persuasion if you are currently struggling at your business or your job and looking for ways to improve then watch this video or check out the book itself in the description I'm sure you will find some valuable tips that will help you a lot in this video I will summarize four key lessons and explain how you can apply them ethically it doesn't matter if you need to persuade a client a business partner your boss or your parents these principles will help you okay enough for the intro let's move on principle number one reciprocity if someone buys you lunch you feel obligated to buy them lunch next time if someone helps you out you also feel like helping back if someone buys a gift on your birthday you feel like doing the same right simply put the reciprocity principle tells us to repay others when they do something for us for example in the restaurant when the waitress just gave a mint candy along with the bill people tipped three percent more than usual tips increased to 14 percent when two candies were given quite significant increase but that is not all tips went up to 20 when the waitress gave one candy and then unexpectedly turned around and said for you nice people here is one more candy people who received the additional candy and the compliment felt like they had to reciprocate by giving a higher tip reciprocity is almost in our genes and we can't stop ourselves from helping or giving back if someone does a favor or buys a gift for us even tiny favors or gifts can make the other side give back multiple times more for example sometimes I go shopping with my three-year-old daughter and some stores give balloons to kids in the entrance I've noticed that whenever my daughter gets a balloon I feel like spending more and coming back to that store again that balloon does not have much value but still counts as a gift plus it made my daughter smile and get excited and guess what if you make my daughter smile I will make sure to return that favor tenfold if you want to apply the reciprocity principle successfully then you must include one of these three elements element number one the favor or the gift you are giving should be customized according to the person let me ask you this how many of you have given a pen or notebook to your customers with your company name on it I'm sorry but that is the wrong name if you get a pen with a company name that pen will probably end up with other pens in your room or in the trash but now imagine that you get a pen that has your name on it that pen will probably always be in your pocket and every time when you use it you'll remember the company or the person who gave it to you I have a relative who is in his last year of his Bachelor studies he is a straight A student and he is almost being admired by all of his professors a few days ago he shared a picture with me it was a picture of a pen that had two names ingrained one was his name but I couldn't recognize the second one when I asked what it was all about he said that he did well in one of his classes and the professor gave him the pen the pen had his name and the name of the professor written on it you had to see how happy and proud he was he treated that pen with so much care that you would think that it was made of gold I'm sure that he will always use that pen and remember that Professor you're probably thinking that this isn't possible to customize the gifts in your company because you have thousands of clients well yes it is difficult to do it on a big scale but you probably have VIP clients right you you can do it with them for example Airlines have first class clients restaurants have loyal visitors hotels have clients who always stay in the most expensive Suites your business has VIP customers as well and their numbers probably aren't that high so do it with them especially since their numbers aren't that high plus they bring you the biggest profit element number two is that the gift or favor you are doing must be unexpected for example the mint experiment with waitresses that I talked about at the beginning has some elements of unexpectedness people didn't expect the waitress to return back and give one more mint finally the third element is that a gift must be meaningful for the person let's say you have a client who always pays the invoices late next time when you send an invoice try to attach some kind of small gift that he might find meaningful for example if the person is an art lover then some form of art as a gift would be great reciprocity is one of the principles that has helped me tremendously in growing my business here is how it does not matter what your business or job is we all need help from others who are more successful than us and it's not easy to persuade someone to help you who is on a much higher level than you and you know what most people do when they ask for help from such people they say okay here is the list of 10 people who can help me let me go and ask each of them and one of them will probably be kind enough to help me unfortunately most of the time it doesn't work especially if the person has a higher position higher income higher reputation or higher number of subscribers so what is the correct way of asking for help well the correct way is to apply the reciprocity principle and see how you can help them first if you can help them with something first they will in return try to help you as well so you should not look at a group of people and say which one of these 10 people can help me instead you should say which one of these 10 people can I help so that they would in return be happy to help me you should spend most of your time trying to identify how you can help the person from whom you need help especially if you can identify their pain points in other words if you can identify the problems and offer a solution then you have a very high chance of getting help from them every day I receive at least five emails asking me to help them with this or that I rarely see someone who comes and offers me help first for example this channel that you are watching right now exists in over 13 different languages and I have used the reciprocity principle when I was launching every single one of them whenever I wanted to launch a new channel I always first found a channel I could help in some way who would in return be happy to help me to promote my new channel this is how I have launched every single Channel if you try to apply this technique please keep one thing in mind never try to trick people into helping you meaning don't offer help or don't buy gifts for the sake of tricking them into helping you I have seen people doing it to me and honestly you can see through it the goal here is to genuinely try to help someone who would in return be happy to help you because you showed interest and helped them first the world we live in is not perfect there will always be people who are going to offer you some favors or gifts in order to get you to do something for them try to say no to this kind of favor you have to distinguish between people who are genuinely trying to help you and those who are simply trying to trick you into doing something for them you are socially obligated to return a genuine favor with another favor you're not obligated to return a trick with a favor for example in negotiations when one side makes a compromise it is viewed almost like a favor a compromise on one side usually triggers the other side into making their own compromise it's another form of reciprocity this is why Savvy negotiators often start with extreme demands when they make a compromise from that starting position then the other side often feels obligated to make their own compromise so the strategy is to make a big request first then Retreat to a smaller request and the smaller request is usually what they really wanted in the first place the author calls this the request then Retreat strategy if you are in negotiation and someone makes a huge request and then slowly Retreats then I hope you already know what is going on here before I move on to the second principle I would like to give you one more tip about the reciprocity principle this has probably happened to you a lot you help someone with something and then they thank you and you respond by saying something like no worries it wasn't a big deal I didn't do much why are you doing that why are you throwing away your favors you actually did something extra you went out of your way you spent your time or money so why are you throwing it away by doing a favor you activate the reciprocity principle so that in the future that person would be willing to return your favor but when you devalue your favor you deactivate the reciprocity principle and the person doesn't feel obliged to help you in the future so what should you do next time when someone thanks you for something well simply thank the person back and say if the roles were reversed I'm sure you would do the same for me or this is what friends or colleagues do for each other such a response keeps the favor active in their mind and next time when there is an opportunity the person will make sure that your favor is returned principle number two liking this principle simply means that we are much more likely to say yes to a request from a person who we like or we are much more likely to buy something from a person who we like but what does it take for one person to like another it turns out that there are three important factors number one we like people who are similar to us number two we like people who compliment Us number three and we like people who cooperate with us let's start with similarity we like people who are similar to us who have similar Hobbies similar taste for music similar character Etc for example in one negotiation experiment researchers asked two groups of people to negotiate and reach a deal in the first group people were told time is money so start the negotiation right away however in the second group before the negotiation they were asked to spend some time with each other and identify similarities they share in common in the first group 55 percent of people reached an agreement however in the second group where people spent time identifying similarities had a 90 success rate in reaching an agreement so how can you apply this knowledge if you are going to a meeting with an important business partner for the first time try to find genuine similarities between you two and talk about them and if there are some areas where you can make a genuine compliment then do it this brings me to the second reason that makes us like one another and that is compliments we humans love compliments in fact we love it so much that we don't differentiate between true compliments and false ones compliments don't have to be genuine or accurate for us to get affected by them we get a compliment and we just melt right there research shows that false compliments almost create the same positive effect on us as a true compliment for example I am not a detail-oriented person I am good at seeing the big picture and creating the vision but I'm quite bad when it comes to details and I'm aware of this but once somehow I noticed a small detail on our project that everyone missed and pointed it out to my colleagues at work one of my colleagues complimented me on this and said it's great to have such a detail-oriented person in our team I knew that I was not a detail-oriented person but still that compliment felt great and made me like him more still to this day I remember that colleague and the moment he complimented me of course he was not trying to manipulate me with compliments he truly thought that I was good at it but I knew that wasn't the case this is a human weakness and some people will abuse it and give you false compliments to get you to like them and once you like them you are much more likely to say yes to their future request so be aware of this weakness and if you find yourself liking a salesperson after one hour of meeting then understand what is going on and don't let that influence your decision and if you would like to apply it to others then do it genuinely do some research on the internet find genuine similarities and genuine compliments and bring them up during conversation for example for similarity you can say oh I noticed that you like playing soccer I play it as well how often do you play and in the case of compliments if you notice the person always replies emails quickly you can compliment on that in this way not just the person will like you you will also like the person the author says that you liking the person is more important than the person liking you why well just think about it yes you like doing business with the person you like this is obvious but when you know that the person also likes you then you trust him much more because you know that he is willing to fight for your interests and willing to go the extra step for you principle number three commitment and consistency this means we usually want to be consistent with what we have done and said in the past unfortunately this human tendency can lead us down the path of foolish consistency for example you've probably supported an idea or an opinion just because you had supported it in the past even though you don't believe in it anymore you still keep defending it because you don't want to appear inconsistent we hate being inconsistent just think how you feel toward a friend who never keeps his promises or never does what he promises to do you probably don't want anything to do with him or her right once we commit to something we humans want to see consistency in ourselves and also in others for example imagine you are hanging out with friends and one of them publicly says that he really likes how reliable you are and how good you are at keeping secrets everyone around agrees with his opinion now even if you are not that good at keeping secrets from that point on you will do everything you can in order to appear as a person who can keep secrets because you don't want to lose that status and appear inconsistent for example one study found that if people agreed to put a small drive carefully sticker in their home window then two weeks later they were more than four times likely to agree to put a large sign with the same message in their front lawn agreeing with the small request made them feel an obligation to agree to the much larger request commitment is especially powerful if it is done publicly voluntarily actively meaning the person either says it out loud or in writing and finally if the commitment requires some effort from the person I'm sure at this point you are wondering how you can apply all this knowledge in real life so here are a few examples and tips let's say you present a very important idea to your boss or to your colleagues and during the presentation they nod their heads but you're not sure if they will really commit to it or not obviously you can't save your boss hey do you promise that you will actually do it but what you can do is send him an email summarizing everything you discussed and ask him to confirm if what you summarized reflects what you just agreed in the meeting if he replies then that confirmation email is a commitment from his side the best part is that it is done publicly in front of others another example if you have a goal then announcing it to others publicly can make you stick to that goal to make the commitment toward that goal even stronger you can prepare some calendar and put it on a wall and put across every day you stick to your goal for example if you want to exercise or diet for 30 days then set a calendar or a board on a wall can be quite powerful because number one on some level it is done publicly at least family members can see it number two it requires some effort from you to prepare the board number three it is written and finally number four it was done voluntarily by such a board actually activates all four elements of commitment and consistency principle that I just mentioned above once you start putting a few crosses you will not want to have empty boxes there you will want to be consistent every cross you make is going to be a commitment to yourself every cross will be a commitment toward the type of person you want to become to make a commitment effective you need to start small and build on it for example if your goal is to start reading one hour a day every day then you shouldn't start with reading one hour a day you should start with one minute a day and it's totally fine if you spend the first 30 days just reading one minute because at the beginning it is not about the number of pages you read it is about the commitment let me tell you a personal story to explain why you need to start small or make the first step very easy if you want someone to commit to helping you when I was in university I wanted to research a topic for my thesis and I was looking for a professor to supervise me so I prepared a very nice and detailed email describing every aspect of the research and added as much info as I could I spent almost three days preparing the email and sent it to several professors one week passed with no response two weeks passed still no single response one month passed and still nothing I got quite discouraged and stopped being interested in the research for almost four months but one day I read this book and realized what I had done wrong with my email when I looked at the email again I realized that in order to reply to that email the professor needed to spend at least 20 minutes reading analyzing and writing the response email you probably know that most professors are busy and if you are also a busy person you know well that when you see a task that requires a lot of your attention and time you say I'll get to that later and that is probably what happened to my email they said I will get to it later and that later never came my email got buried somewhere in their inbox so I decided to send one more email but this time I described everything in two sentences and asked a simple yes or no question this time I got a response from the majority of them because replying a yes or no to an email only takes a few seconds and most importantly by replying they were committing to respond to my future emails after all if you say yes to someone you feel obligated to respond to their second or third request even if it takes 30 minutes right and that is exactly what happened to me before I explain how you can defend yourself from people who use commitment tactics for evil purposes I would like to give you one final example showing how one restaurant manager used it successfully if you understand the restaurant business a little bit you know that many times people who make reservations don't actually show up which is quite bad for the restaurant because you reserve the table buy ingredients according to the number of reservations and if they don't show up as a restaurant owner you lose quite some money so one restaurant manager decided to use the commitment principle to reduce the number of cancellations normally when people called for a reservation the receptionist would say if you decide to cancel or change your reservation please give us a call and as you guessed the majority of them didn't show up and didn't give a call either this manager asked the receptionist to ask the question a little bit differently instead of saying if you decide to cancel or change your reservation please give us a call now she said if you decide to cancel or change your reservation will you please give us a call as you can see the difference is very small instead of saying please give us a call she said will you please give us a call even though the difference was small the number of people who showed up increased dramatically because when the receptionist asked will you please give us a call the person calling actually thought about it and made a conscious commitment once they said yes they felt committed and that is why the majority of them showed up or they gave a call about a cancellation commitment principle is often used by sales people and others to get you into doing something for example A salesperson offers an advantage so that the person makes a purchase decision then the purchase Advantage is removed the person has made the decision and wants to remain consistent to recognize such manipulative situations we should listen for signals coming from two places within us our stomachs and our heart stomach signs appear when we realize that we are being pushed to agree to a request that we don't want heart signs are quite reliable when it is not clear to us if an initial commitment was correct or not here we should ask ourselves a crucial question knowing what I know now if I could go back in time would I make the same commitment if the answer is no then you are better off just to walk principle number four social proof this principle states that we decide what is correct based on what other people think is correct if lots of other people are doing something then it must be correct for example when you buy a book or some other product you probably check the reviews right this is the simplest example of social proof this principle is especially powerful under two conditions first when we are uncertain for example you see a bunch of people running towards you for some reason you'll probably join them instead of continuing your walk in that direction right second yes we copy others but we don't just copy any random group of people we copy others who are similar to us or who are in similar situations like us so keep these two keywords in mind uncertainty and similarity you will soon see how powerful they are and how they can help you earn thousands of extra dollars in your business by simply changing a few words for example the UK government was trying to get the delinquent taxpayers to pay taxes on time first they sent a letter by threatening them with certain sanctions this produced 67 compliance then they added one small sentence to the letter that said the great majority of UK citizens pay taxes on time please do so this time compliance increased to 74 percent quite a good amount of increase but we are not done yet here is the most interesting part they made one more small change to the previous sentence this time the letter said the great majority of UK citizens in your town pay taxes on time please do so compliance immediately went up to 83 percent by simply changing a few sentences the UK government made billions of pounds not bad right I will soon explain what this experiment means for you and how you can apply it to your business in life but first let me tell you about one more experiment because it shows how powerful the social proof principle is even across borders a Chinese restaurant in Beijing put asterisks next to certain dishes on the menu which said these are our most popular dishes and guess what those items were ordered 13 to 20 percent more you probably have seen restaurants who say things like Chef's Choice but we all know what that means right it means it is probably the leftovers from yesterday but on the other hand when we know that most people who visit this particular restaurant choose certain items then we feel like this is the right choice to make when we go to a restaurant most of us are uncertain what to choose from the menu and as I mentioned earlier when we are uncertain we look at what others have done who were in similar situations like this now how can you apply this knowledge to your business or to your job if you or your company is selling something then it means you already have a certain product service or payment package that is selected most of the time by your clients so next time when you have a new client just mention this fact for example the majority of first-year students buy this computer from us the majority of small business owners like you choose this payment plan or the majority of our new clients choose this financial product Etc when people are making a decision they want to know what others have done who are in a similar situation and by simply mentioning what is already true existing or happening you are giving them a guideline to follow you're not tricking them or misleading them you're simply stating what is true if most of your new clients choose a particular product when they are starting out and over the years you have seen that they have been quite happy with that choice then there is nothing unethical in mentioning it to your new clients I would like to say a few words about protecting yourself from this principle because sometimes it can really harm you for example many traffic accidents happen because a few drivers in the front start changing lanes and the rest of the drivers coming behind start doing the same they think that if others do it then they should be okay sometimes even a large group of people can do nonsense things this phenomenon even has a special name called pluralistic ignorance that is why before you follow the crowd ask yourself if this really makes sense to you if not then don't do it despite the fact of how many are doing it crowds can also not act in certain ways that don't make sense for example sometimes you see someone in the street needing help but no one approaches thinking that someone else will do it everyone thinks that someone else will do it and no one actually does anything this is why if you have an emergency situation on the street don't address The Crowd by screaming help me or call the police identify an individual and make a request for example you in the red t-shirt call the police you in the white hat call the ambulance Etc the same principle applies when you send an email to a group of people for a request don't just send an email to all the people in the company or in the department saying hello everyone can one of you please help me with my project you'll probably not get a response because everyone will think that someone else will do it identify the best fitting individual and make your request this is it for this video if you liked this book summary then I think you will definitely enjoy the summary of a book called predictably irrational by Dan aurieli you will probably see it on your screen now thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @littlebitbetter7 [36 likes]: 👉📕 Buy the book here: https://amzn.to/3sY63Nh
🎧To listen to the AUDIO version of this book for FREE check out Audible below. Sign up for a 30-day Free trial to get 1 book for free(any book). You keep the book even if you cancel before the trial ends. 
👉https://amzn.to/3kS1eNH
I personally have been using AUDIBLE for over 5 years and it is THE BEST app on my phone. I can listen to books while I am going somewhere, walking in the park, or doing some boring job :) 
P.S. I personally use and recommend the AUDIBLE PREMIUM PLUS option. It gives you 1 credit every month which you can use to buy any book regardless of how expensive the book is.
  2. @Schmoney97 [3 likes]: The consistency part is how I end up not quitting the 75 day challenge. The person who put me on told me to upload my progress on social media, after the first week people started hitting me up saying thank you for motivating them to go back to the gym. 

I’m like great. Now that have to workout 75 days straight.
  3. @RowdyPumper [1 likes]: Too many transactions. They take the fun out of being generous, kind, thoughtful, charming
  4. @NotDeadYetProductions [1 likes]: This is really really good. I’m trying to increase club retention at my college as a senator. Straight A’s and funded because of my charity work, passion and values. I appreciate finding this.
  5. @htetphyoaunghtetphyoaung8395: Your English is not easy to understand for others .🥴
  6. @NAHINASAJIB-z9e: This made everything click instantly!
  7. @AbhiKumar-p4d1y: This is teaching at its finest!
  8. @mortez_creates: A smile is just as good , and a thank you , this is to deep it depends on the person , it varies person to person. It’s  appreciation rather than returning a gift.
  9. @BhiraiahSangepu-o6o: I’m incredibly impressed by your skill and clarity!
  10. @hamzaabdirahman9703: Thanks
  11. @TataPenT.Kamensa: Thank you for all, your channel is very beneficial, keep up the amazing and good work😊❤
  12. @j9_njoroge: Cool 😎
  13. @SaxirikeBegejose: Absolutely fascinating! The idea that small, unexpected gifts or favors can yield huge returns is a game changer. I’ll be sure to apply the ‘reciprocity’ principle next time I need to get someone’s support. What other small, impactful gestures have worked for you?
  14. @dominickim1855: I’ve met plenty of ppl that felt no obligation to return any favor ever
  15. @Андреич-с4н: Load of bullshit
  16. @Turtlecreeek: Thank you for sharing
  17. @Showcase_Scripts: Your translation is bribing
  18. @businessofmotion: Heat
  19. @redditrequeststories: How can the reciprocity principle be applied successfully?
  20. @SUBXERO1961: Thanks!

- Influence | The Psychology of Persuasion by Robert Cialdini ► Book Summary: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Influence by Robert Cialdini is one of the top 10 books that have made a major impact on my life and it can for you too. Watch this video to the end to learn the six weapons of influence, that can dramatically improve your relationships, business, and career goals. The first is reciprocation. People don't like feeling they owe someone something. To make someone feel this way, offer them a free gift or favour. Often this will lead to a bigger reciprocal response. This is why you seem marketers offering you that free pdf, 10 ways to make money online fast. Marketers give you a small gift jam-packed with value, and hope that you reciprocate by buying their 47 dollar video course. I used this principle to get my first mentor. I offered to manage his Facebook page for free, and he reciprocated by inviting me to a video call. The bottom line is if you want something from someone, offer them something small for free. Moving on to weapon number five, commitment and consistency. Humans tend to do something once we agree to it verbally or in writing. This is why marketers offer us a trip-wire product. A trip-wire is an irresistible low risk paid offer, like a seven dollar e-book for example. You're more likely to buy more books or products from the same author. The same goes for your personal goals. Write them down or tell your friends that you'll lose five kilogrammes over the next three months or be making 1000 dollars per month by the end of the year. You're more likely to commit. The next weapon social proof. When people are unsure about a course of action, they tend to look to those around them to guide them. For example, would you buy book A with zero reviews or book B with 165 reviews? If you're like me you chose B. No reviews leaves us with uncertainty. You'll also appear more attractive at a night club if you bring friends with you. It demonstrates that you're attractive, because other people want to be around you. This social proof. The next weapon is liking. People prefer to say yes to those they know and like. We automatically attribute traits such as honesty, talent, and intelligence to attractive people. We gravitate to people who share similar views, interests, and values as ourselves. Perhaps you want to get a girlfriend or attract a new client for your business. You need to find areas of shared interests to increase report and ultimately become more likeable. The second to last weapon is authority. The more authority you are perceived as having, the more likely others are to comply with you. Imagine you've contracted a horrific brain tumour. You're rushed to the doctor's surgery. You're thrown onto the operating table. You look up and you see a man dressed in a Santa suit. Do you trust this guy to diddle daddle with your brain? Of course not. But if he was wearing a white doctor's coat and had a stethoscope around his neck, you probably would right? It immediately tells you he's a doctor. And he knows his stuff. It conveys authority so we trust him. This is the reason I spent five times more than I normally would on a new pair of shoes for when I go to business networking events. To bring the point home, there's a classic scam where thieves dress up in official looking uniforms, and pretend to be parking inspectors. They appear authoritative. They lie that the ticket machine is broken. And asks civilians to pay them the parking fee. But you didn't hear that from me. The final weapon is scarcity. The thought of losing something motivates us more than the thought of gaining something of similar value. This is exactly why advertisers ask you to buy that new camera at a discounted price for a limited time only. The power of scarcity extends beyond selling cameras. I take advantage of the principle by letting others know that I have a tight schedule so time with me becomes a scarce opportunity. And therefore increases my value as a human being. I also don't respond to Facebook messages instantly which shows I've got more meaningful things to do. So to sum up, any time you want something from someone else, always consider what weapons of influence you can use. Thank you for listening guys. Don't foget to join my email list on Brandonnankivell.com to get three gold nuggets from the book I'm reading every week, and subscribe for more videos to help you become one percent better.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pearlgabe2956: Reciprocate, commit, social proof, like, scarced
  2. @donna.c.tb2bq: Learn to pronounce his name properly by the way he says his own name.
  3. @abirhazra8405: I’m honestly speechless, so impressive!
  4. @aneetkumar1417: My confusion is currently crying in the corner.
  5. @ShortBookssummariesinminutes: Wow, I’ve been hooked on this kind of content lately—these book summaries seriously hit different when you're trying to level up in life. I’ve been doing something similar on my channel too, breaking down books that changed how I think about money, habits, and success. If you’re into that kind of mindset shift, you might vibe with what I’ve been sharing too. Let’s build wealth and wisdom together 💬📚
  6. @sandraore5728: I don’t want to be like this
  7. @princetetteh9809: Boring
  8. @Wisdom2Freedom31: Wrote down all my goals it’s goo time ! 🎉
  9. @eugenekamau1: 👏🏿
  10. @NovelUnmasked: Fantastic Summary
  11. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Amazing
  12. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Good
  13. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Nice
  14. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Thanks
  15. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Thanks
  16. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Thanks
  17. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Thanks for sharing this video
  18. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Thanks for sharing this video i like this recipe
  19. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Thanks for sharing this video
  20. @mohsinnaseerkhan4655: Thanks for sharing

- Robert Cialdini Explains the Seven Principles of Influence | Brainfluence Brief: Kind: captions Language: fr Bienvenue dans ce Brainfluence Brief. Je suis Roger Dooley. Pendant des décennies, La plus grande influence sur la science de l'influence a été le Dr Robert Cialdini. Il a écrit le livre sur le sujet, Influence : la psychologie de la persuasion, il y a plus de trente ans. Depuis, beaucoup de choses ont changé. Ses six principes originaux de l'influence sont devenus, des piliers du marketing. Le domaine de l'économie comportementale a explosé. Et il y a quelques années, le Dr Cialdini a introduit un septième principe, l'unité. Récemment, nous avons discuté de sa nouvelle édition largement augmentée d'Influence, et il a eu la gentillesse d'offrir ce résumé concis des sept principes d'influence. Le premier est la réciprocité. Les gens veulent nous rendre ce que nous leur avons donné. Ils disent oui à ceux à qui ils doivent. nous placer dans une position offrant des avantages, donnant des avantages, des informations, une humeur positive d'abord, et cela nous reviendra. Ensuite, un principe que nul ne serait surpris d'apprendre influence la persuasion et c'est la sympathie. Nous préférons dire oui aux personnes que nous aimons. Mais il existe quelques concepts faciles à mettre en œuvre, par exemple : la similarité et les compliments, qui nous donnent la possibilité de, par exemple, générer un sentiment de rapport beaucoup plus positif avec les personnes autour de nous. Si nous soulignons nos similarités avec elles, si nous leur faisons des compliments sincères lorsqu'ils sont mérités, nous dynamisons le processus de sympathie. Un autre principe est la preuve sociale. Les gens veulent suivre l'exemple de beaucoup d'autres, de nombreuses autres personnes comparables, des gens qui leur ressemblent et qui les entourent. Si ces personnes vont dans une direction particulière, c'est un bon indicateur que c'est probablement une bonne direction pour nous aussi. Ainsi, tout communicateur qui peut nous donner cette information, à savoir que ce qu'il propose est le plus populaire ou est en train de devenir tendance dans une direction particulière, il attirera notre attention et probablement notre argent. Ensuite, il y a l'autorité. Les gens veulent suivre l'exemple de véritables experts. Donc, si nous pouvons associer nos idées aux voix d'autorités authentiques sur le sujet, avec des témoignages, etc., nous aurons renforcé le processus d'influence en notre faveur. Maintenant, il y a l'engagement et la cohérence. Les gens veulent être cohérents avec ce à quoi ils se sont déjà engagés. Eh bien, qu'est-ce qu'un engagement ? En langage académique ? L'engagement, c'est ce que nous avons déjà dit ou fait, surtout en public. Lorsque nous avons fait cela, si quelqu'un peut nous demander de faire un pas qu'il reconnaît comme étant en accord avec ce que nous avons déjà dit ou fait, nous sommes beaucoup plus susceptibles de nous engager dans cette direction et de continuer à être cohérents. Il y a aussi la rareté, l'idée que les gens veulent davantage de choses auxquelles ils ont moins accès. Donc, si nous pouvons montrer aux gens que ce que nous avons est limité ou en train de s'épuiser, ou même si ce n'est pas le cas, si c'est simplement quelque chose qui est unique, quelque chose de rare, qu'ils ne peuvent pas trouver ailleurs. Maintenant, nous avons le vent de la rareté dans nos voiles, qui nous pousse vers le succès. Et enfin, il y a ce nouveau principe que vous avez mentionné, le principe d'unité. L'idée, c'est que les gens ont tendance à vouloir dire oui à ceux qui font partie de leur groupe. Qui sont, en quelque sorte, l'un des leurs. Si vous pouvez vraiment me convaincre, de façon sincère et authentique, de dire à mes camarades de groupe, oh, pas seulement que Roger est comme nous, mais que Roger est véritablement l'un des nôtres, alors toutes les barrières, tous les obstacles, toutes les frontières, à l'influence tombent pour vous à ce moment-là précisément, parce que nous voulons désormais sincèrement coopérer, avec vous, nous voulons vous aider, nous voulons vous dire oui, nous voulons vous apprécier. Toutes ces caractéristiques positives s'appliquent désormais à vous si nous pouvons, par exemple, vous voir comme l'un des nôtres . Par exemple, il y a eu une étude menée sur un campus universitaire. Une jeune femme demandait aux passants de faire un don à l'association United Way et elle a reçu quelques contributions. Mais si elle ajoutait une phrase avant sa demande, en disant : Je suis aussi étudiante ici, les contributions étaient plus que doublées simplement en devenant, aux yeux de son public, l'une des leurs, par exemple. Dès lors, éventuellement, toutes sortes de résultats positifs, ont été obtenus. Roger ici. J'espère que ce Brainfluence Brief vous a plu. Merci de mettre un like et n'oubliez pas de vous abonner à ma chaîne pour retrouver les vidéos complètes du podcast et rogerdooley.com/podcast pour la version audio, le texte formaté, ainsi que des liens et d'autres ressources. Merci d'avoir regardé.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mairajbaloch12 [16 likes]: Liking, social proof, authority, commitment and consistency, scarcity, unity,
  2. @BobBurg [7 likes]: Fantastic summation by Dr. Cialdini! And leave it to Roger to put something like this together! Terrific!
  3. @Keitumetse-x9u [4 likes]: Social proof: When you come upon a short with 0 likes you get suspicious and pass 😅
  4. @tq8310 [3 likes]: The irony that unity can lead to segregation, division and tribalism  😕
  5. @vallicrutchfield [3 likes]: Cialdini's principles are timeless, and this brief overview is a great refresher. Applying these ethically can truly elevate your interactions and marketing strategies.
  6. @rachelmcinnes9027 [3 likes]: Great summary - useful as I prepare content for students.  Thank you.
  7. @freeshipping9643 [3 likes]: You used to have a video you went over " why people buy" I think it was called? Went over scarcity, smaller portions of food, ect. It was so good! Just you at table with another guy.
  8. @gideonakpanTHE_PROF [2 likes]: Wonderful.
1. RECIPROCITY 
2. LIKING 
3. SOCIAL PROOF
4. COMMITMENT & CONSISTENCY 
5. AUTHORITY
6. SCARCITY 
7. UNITY
  9. @sirellyn [2 likes]: So unity = In group preference?
  10. @AhmedMohamed-wj7vl [2 likes]: amazing
  11. @TheUnNoticedEntrepreneur [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing so generously Roger. I have a small request to ask of you. Shall I DM you?
  12. @DarrellGunter [2 likes]: Great summation!
  13. @getmetoine [2 likes]: Is the level of influnce under "Unity" dependant on on the subconscious consensus within the group, how they value their group members?
  
- I could imagine that people that look at themselves in a positive light and connect to a group with those values will transfer that view to all members, giving someone on the inside influence. But what is someone looks at themself in a negative light? Will they via this group transfer this value on every member thus decreasing the potency of the influence?
  14. @dr.carepharmacyfranchise7251 [2 likes]: great content
  15. @freeshipping9643 [2 likes]: other video seemed to explain better. Believe it was PBS. Covers these with different examples.just you and another gentlemen. I think you talked about small plate of food, people want more when they see others are buying.
  16. @carrhole [1 likes]: Godzilla
  17. @PrashantEnergy [1 likes]: Reciprocity.
Commitment.
Social proof.
Authority.
Liking.
Scarcity.
Unity.
  18. @MJBall-r4e [1 likes]: Great video!
  19. @book-khana: https://youtu.be/IDYjwu1jFnM?si=Hu6ThB7UypQg8VXo
  20. @jennetal.984: I’m struck by how trans-ideologues have harnessed these influence tactics to move the debate on child mutilation to where it’s at presently

- The 6 Principles of Influence Explained in less than 8 minutes!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys welcome back to the channel and welcome back to persuasive the series where I teach you all the techniques from Behavioral Science in order to get more people to say yes to you in today's episode we're doing a big one we're going to be covering all six principles from Robert sheldini's influence it's one of the most popular books in all of persuasion science and one of the most popular books in Behavioral Science in general let's talk about what cialdini's six principles are starting with the first one reciprocity the way that we use this when trying to be persuasive is that we give a little bit away to the person we're trying to persuade first in order for them to have this very strong psychological urge to want to give back to us but the magical thing about reciprocity that cialdini makes very clear in his book is that the request that you ask for in return can be much larger than the thing you gave away think about free samples when you're at a food market why do they give them away well by giving away a free sample it creates this psychological urge to be reciprocal in other words when the person takes your free sample they then have this very strong desire to want to give back to you and the way that they will often give back to you is by buying a full piece of your product but often that full piece is a lot bigger than the free sample you gave away this also applies to things like software services that we use online by giving away free trials and free demos then this also creates this sense of reciprocity as people then feel a strong desire to want to give back to you so that's chaldini's first principle of persuasion let's move on to the second one which is commitment and consistency okay so the idea behind commitment and consistency is that we're more likely to say yes to a request if we believe it to be consistent with our previous actions or consistent with our new identity the way that you'd use this in Persuasion is to get people to commit to something which is very easy to accept and then follow it up with a bigger request that is consistent with that previous request let me give you an example so when I was traveling in Berlin with a friend we were approached by these people from the street who I'm pretty sure a scam is but they came to us with a clipboard and requested that we sign that petition to support disabled people now of course we said yes like why would we not sign a petition to support disabled people however what they were really doing was just trying to get us to commit to a small request and then follow it up with a big one and the big one was are you willing to donate money to our cause that supports disabled people so because we had first said yes to this very easy request of signing the petition we then felt this really strong psychological urge to want to say yes to their next request of donating money after all that would be being consistent with our previous actions we support disabled people so why would we not pledge money towards it now I didn't end up giving them any money because I was pretty sure that this wasn't a real charity instead these people were just scammers trying to steal money from tourists however one of the things that I remember really strongly from that moment was how strong my urge was to want to say yes to them because I said yes to this previous request and so you can do the same when you're trying to be persuasive too sometimes we call this the foot in the door technique the idea is to basically get people to say yes to something very benign something very easy for them to say yes to and Then followed up with a that first one okay so the third principle of persuasion is called social proof and this is an absolute classic in Behavioral Science at this point social proof is the idea that people are more likely to do something if they know that a lot of other people are doing it too cialdini's classic example from the book is regarding washing your towel when you go to a hotel room the example was is that when you go to a hotel there might be a little sign in the bathroom that says please reuse your towel some people will give you a reason as to why you should do this like please reuse your towel it helps save the environment or helps reduce our water usage however according to cialdini's work and even more persuasive message is to use this idea of social proof so rather than just say please can you reuse your towel you might say 90 of people who stay in the same room as you reuse their towel by saying that other people who do the same thing as you are using their towel that gives the behavior of reusing your towel social proof it makes it seem like that if you don't reuse your towel you're the one that's being weird and what xiaodini found in his research was that people were far more likely to reuse their towel when given the social proofing message we also see examples of this all the time the world is full of social information especially in the era of the internet there are these ads from the NHS for example during the pandemic that try to get people to take the vaccine and the ad said join the millions of people who've already got the vaccine by saying that millions of people have already got something this creates social proof the idea a lot of people are doing it so it's probably fine as a result of that more people were persuaded to take the vaccine you also see elements of social proof on websites like Amazon when you see a particular product has thousands of reviews compared to a very similar product with maybe only 10 or 12 reviews you're more likely to trust the one with thousands of reviews because you know that thousands of people have tried it and they seem to be fine with it it has that social proof and so you're more likely to trust it okay let's move on to number four number four is all about Authority now the idea behind Authority is quite simple it's that we are more likely to listen to a message that comes from somebody in a position of authority so when you're trying to be persuasive always try and raise your Authority if you can there are different ways that you can do this one of cialdini's favorite examples comes from a call center where he got people to introduce their co-workers by saying how many years experience they had dealing with the thing that they were working on for example I'm going to pass you over to Miriam she has over seven years working in customer sales by stating how much experience somebody has you raise their Authority and therefore make them far more persuasive but there are other cues to Authority as well the codes that you wear example can be massively influential in showing how much Authority you have for example on a very famous study on jaywalking people were far more likely to follow somebody else who jaywalked if that person was wearing something smart like a business suit as opposed to something more casual what that tells us is that people were looking at the business suit as a cue for the authority and therefore seeing that if they did it then it probably is fine for them to do it too so the takeaway for you when you're trying to be persuasive is to always raise your Authority however you can for example when I give presentations I always start by establishing my credentials a lot of people skip over this they don't think it's very important but actually it's massively important as it completely changes the way that your entire message is framed so my top advice to you is before making a request or before giving a presentation always take the time to establish your Authority talk about your experience talk about why people should care about your opinion and then give your opinion because it makes so much difference okay so let's move on to number five which is liking the idea behind liking is that people are more likely to say yes to a request if it's from somebody who they like so how do you get someone to like you you well there's lots of different ways that you can do this but one of the main ways that ciaardini talks about in his book is all about establishing common ground with people the way that I use this in my personal life is I often broaden my history in order to create sort of unified groups with people who I am meeting for the first time for example I'm from Cardiff which is the capital city of South Wales but if I meet somebody who's from a different part of South Wales like say Swansea that I might say oh would you look at that we're both from South Wales by broadening the category to South Wales then suddenly it seems like we're from the same place it creates this sort of common background and therefore establishes some Rapport and some liking so when you're trying to persuade someone always try and get them to like you first because they're much more likely to say yes to you that way but also when you meet somebody for the first time to try and get them to like you talk about things that you have in common and if you don't really have any then try to broaden your horizons and see if you can fit in multiple different things into the same category because that might establish a similar kind of effect okay in the sixth and final principle is scarcity so scarcity is the idea that we're more likely to Value something if we feel like we only have a limited amount of time or there's only a limited amount of them we use the scarcity principle in marketing all the time you know when we say there's only five left or they only got 30 days to do something now the crazy things that scarcity is so powerful psychologically that it can actually create entire sort of economic bubbles in of itself you might argue that the whole reason why nfts got to the super inflated price that they got to was because of scarcity right the idea that there was only one of these things drove up the price drove up the demand in a completely false and artificial way for this digital product which then ended up crashing when people realized that this guesty didn't mean anything I hope that makes sense those are the six principles of persuasion from Robert cialdini's influence there are plenty more examples in the book that I didn't talk about in this video so I highly recommend you read it if you haven't already if you guys enjoyed today's video or you learned something can you please give me a thumbs up down below because it really helps me out and subscribe if you haven't already we are rapidly approaching 10 000 subscribers and we have a big 10 000 subscriber special coming when we reach there so please help me reach that Milestone and I will see you in the next one thank you guys so much for watching bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ojaytellsstories [3 likes]: Incredible how I’m watching this one year after and you are already on 1000k subs, amazing
  2. @Banana-wisdom [1 likes]: Did he just say 10,000 people subscribed to social proof us?
  3. @laurent90210 [1 likes]: That book is a must read
  4. @Semiavba [1 likes]: Like the way you explain it. Thanks!
  5. @SalmaAmr-w6f: my exam is after 3 hours this rlly helped me thnx
  6. @RodriHernandez-x1w: You're in 2x I'm learning english😢
  7. @cptjuddroberts227: Nicely done - greetings from germany
  8. @lukewatkinsofficial: Hahah I’m from Newport. Common ground established = instant subscribe
  9. @Jacob.Fletcher: Great summary and examples mate, cheers!
  10. @rebuilded: very good video
  11. @RAZASHARP: Great video bro you forgot my favorite … THE CONTRAST RULE!!🔥🔥🔥 letsgoooo
  12. @ІлляЧайкин: Like, I'm one of the extremely small amount of people in my country who actually love BS. It's some sort of upper level of your skills + explains a lot. That's why I'm so surprised by your channel. Gonna be my personal favorite one . reciprocity is a shocker )))))
  13. @coolkb9439: Nice❤
  14. @Heysunshyne: Very well summarised. Thanks!
  15. @nurbakhyut.makina: Thank you so much💜
  16. @keshavvig12: Thanks, great content
  17. @learningAgriwithAl: Thank you!
  18. @kyagulanyiherbert: great❤
  19. @figurehorizon520: ❤
  20. @MichaelSkinner-e9j: You have to be Sure Of Yourself, and Be Careful Not To Take Unnecessary Risks where someone just wants to get in your pants, and puts caution to the wayside.

In Other words, beware of people who use The Power Of Persuasion For Sex for Their Own Purposes seperate From Any Considerations regarding Your Safety.

- Neuromarketing: How brands are getting your brain to buy more stuff: Kind: captions Language: en About a hundred years ago, companies in&nbsp; the Western world ran into a problem:&nbsp;&nbsp; Consumers had everything they needed. So,&nbsp; the companies came up with a great idea:&nbsp; Persuade people that they need MORE things!&nbsp; Even things they didn't KNOW they needed. &nbsp; Nowadays, companies are studying your brain&nbsp; to get you to keep buying more stuff. This is called neuromarketing. And... "...neuromarketing is like… marketing on steroids." "Companies know us better than we know ourselves."&nbsp; "The brand exists nowhere else&nbsp; but in the mind of the consumers." &nbsp; "We're going tell you how companies&nbsp; are getting into your head." &nbsp; In the 1950s, a clever marketer shocked&nbsp; the world with an astonishing experiment.&nbsp;&nbsp; He flashed the messages "DRINK COCA-COLA"&nbsp; and "EAT POPCORN" on a cinema screen – too&nbsp;&nbsp; briefly for the audience to even notice.&nbsp; He claimed this had people rushing to the&nbsp;&nbsp; counters in droves to buy Coke and popcorn. "If this story sounds too good to be true, then&nbsp;&nbsp; that's because it is. Thankfully,&nbsp; we're not THAT easy to brainwash." &nbsp; "Turned out it was all B.S. – he made that up.&nbsp; There's no such thing as a brain's buy button."&nbsp; This is Prince Ghuman, a marketing&nbsp; professional. He and neuroscientist&nbsp;&nbsp; Matt Johnson wrote a book on how companies&nbsp; tailor their marketing to our brains. &nbsp; So, the good thing is: we're not mindless&nbsp; shopping zombies. But we do make a lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; our decisions subconsciously. And that's&nbsp; where neuromarketing comes in. Companies&nbsp;&nbsp; are trying to better understand how our brain&nbsp; works – to figure out what we really want.&nbsp; "Traditional marketing studies work like this.&nbsp; Someone will ask me: do you want an apple&nbsp;&nbsp; or do you want a chocolate bar? And I'd&nbsp; say: I of course want the apple.&nbsp;&nbsp; But… do I really want the apple?” "We feel as if we're in control, we feel as&nbsp;&nbsp; if we're the author of our decisions and we're&nbsp; thinking through these things very rationally.&nbsp;&nbsp; But study after study after study shows that&nbsp; we are extremely irrational and that we're,&nbsp;&nbsp; generally speaking, pretty unaware of the&nbsp; full range of factors which ultimately&nbsp;&nbsp; inform and sometimes actually decide the&nbsp; different behaviors and paths that we take."&nbsp; "In short: we don't always know what we&nbsp; want. We don't know if we actually want the&nbsp;&nbsp; apple or if we prefer the chocolate&nbsp; bar. But our brain doesn't lie." &nbsp; And that's why neuromarketers have adopted a range&nbsp; of technologies in their marketing studies to see&nbsp;&nbsp; what's happening under the hood--inside consumers'&nbsp; brains. Functional magnetic resonance imaging&nbsp;&nbsp; and electroencephalograms measure activity&nbsp; in the brain. Eye-tracking shows where we&nbsp;&nbsp; direct our attention. Heart rate and skin&nbsp; conductance show what we find exciting.&nbsp; "For better or worse, people are complex&nbsp; and the brain is really complex." &nbsp; Uma Karmarkar is a scholar whose research&nbsp; revolves around how we make decisions. &nbsp; "What neuroscience does is it gives us&nbsp; access to some of these emotional elements or&nbsp;&nbsp; these elements that might not be fully conscious&nbsp; and tells us a little bit more about some of the&nbsp;&nbsp; things that might also be contributing&nbsp; to people's experiences and choices." &nbsp; "Take Cheetos, for example. When its parent&nbsp; company Frito-Lay asked consumers how they felt&nbsp;&nbsp; about the brand, many said: well, it's a bit of a&nbsp; kids' snack. But when they looked at their brains,&nbsp;&nbsp; it turned out people got a real kick out of&nbsp; getting their fingers messy with this orange&nbsp;&nbsp; dust that they're covered in. It IS fun…" "There was something subversive about that&nbsp;&nbsp; orange dust on your fingers. There was&nbsp; something a little unusual about it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and people kind of enjoyed it, even&nbsp; though it was not that respectable." &nbsp; Frito-Lay took these findings and built an&nbsp; entire ad campaign around this feeling of&nbsp;&nbsp; subversive pleasure. It became a huge success.&nbsp; "More and more businesses are investing&nbsp; in this type of research – most of&nbsp;&nbsp; which is happening in secret." Through neuroscience – but&nbsp;&nbsp; also with the help of psychology and behavioral&nbsp; economics – they get a pretty good idea of what&nbsp;&nbsp; makes us tick. And they use this knowledge&nbsp; to get us to buy more of their stuff. &nbsp; "I'm going to give you four examples of this that&nbsp; you've probably seen in your everyday life." &nbsp; One: They wear you down. Our brain operates in two different&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking modes. There's what's called system&nbsp;1, which is fast, unconscious and automatic. And then there's system 2, which is deliberate&nbsp; and conscious – but takes a LOT of effort.&nbsp; "If I ask you: what is your name? System&nbsp;1 will immediately have an answer to that&nbsp;question. But if I ask you what is 23 times&nbsp;48, you're going to have to switch to system&nbsp;2. This requires effort. Now imagine,&nbsp; you're going grocery shopping." &nbsp; You have to find your way around the&nbsp; different aisles and make loads of decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; in a short amount of time. When you finally&nbsp; get to the checkout counter, you're tired. &nbsp; "One way in which you can get somebody to be more&nbsp;system 1 oriented is actually through wearing them&nbsp;down. So system 2, very resource intensive,&nbsp;&nbsp; requires a lot of metabolic resources.&nbsp; When we're tired, when we're malnourished,&nbsp;&nbsp; we're much more likely to go with a much&nbsp; more impulsive system 1 response." And that's why right at the end of your&nbsp; shopping trip, retailers tempt you with&nbsp;&nbsp; loads and loads of sugary snacks – that you&nbsp; might just pick up at the very last moment. &nbsp; Shopping malls exploit the same situation.&nbsp; They're confusing, they're overwhelming, they're&nbsp;&nbsp; quite frankly exhausting – so you're more prone to&nbsp; spend money on something you might not even need. &nbsp; Two: They tell you what the right price is. "Let's say you walk into a store and see&nbsp;&nbsp; a bottle of wine for, I don't know, let's say 15&nbsp;&nbsp;dollars. Your brain doesn't really know&nbsp; if this a lot or this is not a lot. &nbsp; So, it's&nbsp;immediately starting to look for some context." "Typically, people don't really have a sense of&nbsp;&nbsp;price, like they don't really know how much wine&nbsp; should cost or what's the right price of a wine."&nbsp; This is Moran Cerf, a computer hacker turned&nbsp; neuroscientist and business professor.&nbsp; "People create their kind of impressions&nbsp; of the price range not by knowledge, by information – but by sampling reality." The store will happily give your brain&nbsp;a reality to latch onto – by placing a&nbsp;second bottle next to it, costing 50$.&nbsp;&nbsp; Now your brain thinks: 15$, that's&nbsp; actually a PRETTY good deal. So it's&nbsp;&nbsp; very likely you're going to buy this bottle. "Our brains are like ships, we're looking&nbsp;&nbsp; for places to anchor, right? And adding any&nbsp; sort of context or understanding of value,&nbsp;&nbsp; having an anchor helps." Three: They keep you on the treadmill. &nbsp; Another quirk of our brain that brands&nbsp;are using is that it's constantly seeking&nbsp;pleasure. And the key word here is "seeking". "Once you're experiencing a sort of thing that&nbsp;you wanted, you don't just get to bask in that&nbsp;pure pleasure for a long time. It's not the type&nbsp; of emotion which is enduring over time. And&nbsp; that's a very, very good thing for brands." &nbsp; Because pleasure is so fleeting, brands&nbsp;keep sending us to what's called the&nbsp;"hedonic treadmill". "…the iPhone 6…" &nbsp; "…the iPhone 6S…" "…this is iPhone 7…"&nbsp; "…iPhone 11…" "…the iPhone 12…" "You buy an iPhone 8. It's a brand new physical&nbsp; design and you're loving it. And just like&nbsp;&nbsp; clockwork, 12 months later, 8S comes out. Whatever&nbsp; pleasure you got from achieving and purchasing&nbsp;&nbsp; the iPhone is now immediately gone. And now&nbsp; you're looking to again, jump on the hedonic&nbsp;&nbsp; treadmill and look, chase the next pleasure." Four: They hide little nudges in plain sight. &nbsp; "So… you remember that cinema&nbsp; story from the beginning?&nbsp;&nbsp; Subliminal marketing messages like this, so&nbsp; things that we can't pick up on consciously,&nbsp;&nbsp; are actually illegal in most countries. But a&nbsp; few companies must have thought: well, why don't&nbsp;&nbsp; we just hide them in plain sight?" Check out this ad from KFC. See anything unusual?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, look again. There's an actual&nbsp; dollar bill photoshopped into the&nbsp;&nbsp; burger – which happens to cost 1 dollar. And check out this can. Coca-Cola made it&nbsp;&nbsp; look like it's smiling-- to tie in&nbsp; with its brand image of happiness. &nbsp; And in literally every ad for watches, the time&nbsp; is set to 10 past 10. Because that makes it&nbsp;look like the watch is smiling at you. These&nbsp;types of subtle hints are called 'primers'. &nbsp; "I would say right now, it's controversial whether&nbsp; priming works. That said, we still teach that in&nbsp;&nbsp; school and in business school as kind of a&nbsp; mechanism people should be aware of because&nbsp;&nbsp; it's easy to implement. For the small&nbsp; chance that it does work, why not try it,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you're trying to sell something" "If you see a 10:10 watch, you're not compelled&nbsp;&nbsp; by some physical force to go out and do everything&nbsp; you can to buy it. But if you're already feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; like buying a watch, maybe you're very favorable&nbsp; towards the brand, and that additional data point&nbsp;&nbsp; is going to push you maybe a little bit further." And this is not limited to visual triggers.&nbsp;&nbsp; An experiment showed that if a&nbsp; wine store plays French music,&nbsp;&nbsp; customers buy more French wine. And if it&nbsp; plays German music, they buy more German wine. &nbsp; "A lot of this stuff is hiding in archives for&nbsp; companies and it is in their best interest not&nbsp;&nbsp; to reveal it. But we would be silly to think&nbsp; that this isn't part of the experiential&nbsp;&nbsp; design that companies are creating to&nbsp; better engage with their consumers." &nbsp; So where does all this leave us? Are&nbsp; we ultimately just puppets, without a will&nbsp;&nbsp; of our own, buying whatever corporations&nbsp; throw our way? Or do we have a choice? &nbsp; "Totally mindless behavior is rare, total&nbsp; control is also rare. And in between there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; wide gray area and we can move the&nbsp; needle between whether we make choices&nbsp;&nbsp; that are very informed and very kind of thorough.&nbsp; Or very impulsive and not too thorough." \&nbsp; "If you like something that's going to be&nbsp; the most important determinant of whether&nbsp;&nbsp; or not you choose to spend money on it or your&nbsp; time on it or your resources in general on it.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that speaks a lot to the power that&nbsp; we have as consumers and individuals." "Now, neuromarketing is a very powerful tool.&nbsp; It gives companies access to something that&nbsp;&nbsp; even we don't even have access to: our&nbsp; subconscious. But just knowing that and&nbsp;&nbsp; knowing how our brain works, can&nbsp; already help us make better decisions."&nbsp; Have you ever come across any of the things&nbsp; we've shown you in the video? Let us know... What was...what was that? … did you see that? Anyway. Let&nbsp;us know in the comments. And hit subscribe&nbsp;for more videos like this every Friday.

  Top Comments:
  1. @yoyam-e1i [1 likes]: They will not survive, new era showing all disease come from snack junk food, and justice elimination of greedy fat CEO, im telling you to walk away before you are harmed
  2. @Hex_kashira2: 4:16 ts Charlie Bradbury from spn 😂
  3. @user-wt3bk9nl5x: It doesn't get to me. It does have an effect though: the more they try the more I drift away. The level is too low anyway. Orange dust on fingers? 🤮 And...I always know the appropriate price of wine: I research before I buy. From Portugal 🇵🇹.
  4. @awadheshverma6655: My brain went from buffering to lightning speed.
  5. @william-uk: here’s how i did 23x48: simplify it to 23x50 minus 23x2, you can further simplify that to half of 23x100, which is easy 2,300/2 v 1150, and you subtract 46 from that, leaving 1,104
  6. @Hase-420: „we are not that easy to brainwash“ lmao is that a joke? 99% of people believe vegetables and exercise would be healthy even tho vegetables contain almost no nutrients and many toxins while meat and other animal products has ALL nutrients in large amounts + zero toxins. Sport is a lot of stress for the body, thats why we feel so bad while doing it. If it does feel bad, it is bad! (Movement with no stress is healthy but not sports) Our senses tell us that vegetables are disgusting and sport is a bad idea, always listen to ur senses and never to the goverment.
  7. @zachhbtww: wordd
  8. @theanthillfromknow.theanop3960: And that is another reason why i block all teh ads on everything. To hold that agressive advertisement out of my home.
  9. @Bang_Camaro: Second comment needed. According to the ad manufacturers, was everyone born yesterday? If you see a pretty girl heavily smiling at you, in a dodgy part of town. Are you going to go over and talk to her?
  10. @Bang_Camaro: What a weird video. Looked around my room, not a single thing was bought based on any ad.
  11. @tohk4478: Would be much practical if you just gave the information without slicing it 20 parts and randomly narrated by 5 different people.
  12. @calengr1: How does a purchase affect your status ?
  13. @KimoyaMusica: Being bombarded with the same commercials non stop, makes me NOT want to buy them.
  14. @llundber: The 10 and 2 on clocks is NOT to look like smiling.  
WhereTF are you getting all this false info??
It is ONLY because that has always been the most aesthetic/visually pleasing presentation of watch hands and which mirrors things like DaVinci’s golden measures.
  15. @llundber: Also, I’ve yet to go in any wine and spirits store in all of NYC and see the pricing manipulation you showed.  
Come to the real world dude.  
All this yapping with theorists has you completely removed from reality.
  16. @llundber: BS. 
in 50 years I’ve never heard from a single person that the orange crap on fingers is anything but an ugly messy hassle.  
W r o n g.
  17. @Hackerstab: Should I or not buy food?
  18. @SagarMajumder-e7z: Thanks for ending with concious line.

And yes, i witnessed the "The Right Price".
  19. @arqam.hashmi: when did iPhone 8S come out?
  20. @LubošToman-l1t: So useful for small business owners like me.

- Neuromarketing: 15 Neuromarketing Examples: Kind: captions Language: en ﻿Neuromarketing is taking over the world, and&nbsp; almost every big business and university has used&nbsp;&nbsp; it in some way. Even though neuromarketing&nbsp; is so important in the marketing world,&nbsp;&nbsp; many people don't know what it is or how it can&nbsp; be used successfully. The next 15 interesting&nbsp;&nbsp; examples of neuromarketing in work are shown&nbsp; in the animations below. 1. Why eye gaze is&nbsp;&nbsp; important 106 It's no secret that ads with people&nbsp; in them work much better than those without.&nbsp;&nbsp; In particular, people tend to look at pictures&nbsp; and movies with babies for longer and pay more&nbsp;&nbsp; attention to them. Advertisers have tried for&nbsp; a long time to sell more baby goods by showing&nbsp;&nbsp; close-ups of cute baby faces, but eye tracking&nbsp; technology has shown that this is not enough.&nbsp;&nbsp; Researchers found that when the baby looks&nbsp; straight at the camera, people pay much more&nbsp;&nbsp; attention to the baby's face and less attention&nbsp; to what the ad is about. But if the baby is&nbsp;&nbsp; looking at the object or text, the viewer will&nbsp; actually pay attention to what the ad is about.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because of these findings, marketers now know&nbsp; that baby faces are popular with customers,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they also make sure that the baby is&nbsp; looking at what they want the customer to buy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Here is more information about the study. 2.&nbsp; Having good packaging We all know what it's&nbsp;&nbsp; like to be pulled to something because of how it&nbsp; looks. Advertisers have always known that what's&nbsp;&nbsp; inside doesn't always matter, but neuroimaging has&nbsp; taken this to a whole new level. Neuroimaging has&nbsp;&nbsp; been used to redesign the packaging of brands like&nbsp; Campbell's and Frito-Lay. In tests, customers were&nbsp;&nbsp; shown packaging and asked how they felt about it.&nbsp; Their answers were either good, bad, or neutral.&nbsp;&nbsp; Also, they were asked a lot of questions&nbsp; about the use of color, text, and images.&nbsp;&nbsp; This study showed that customers didn't like shiny&nbsp; packaging but didn't mind matte packing. Then,&nbsp;&nbsp; Frito-Lay got rid of the shiny package and&nbsp; switched to the new matte look. 107 3. Color&nbsp;&nbsp; Matters Think about how the colors you choose&nbsp; might affect how potential customers feel.&nbsp;&nbsp; Colors can make us feel a wide range of feelings,&nbsp; and studies show that some colors are linked to&nbsp;&nbsp; certain emotions. When used right, color can be&nbsp; a powerful business tool. Coca Cola's use of the&nbsp;&nbsp; color red is one of the most well-known examples,&nbsp; but there are many other companies that have also&nbsp;&nbsp; used color to great effect. Neuromarketing experts&nbsp; who study how colors work in advertising have put&nbsp;&nbsp; colors into subgroups to help people figure&nbsp; out how to use them effectively. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you want to draw professionals, cool blues&nbsp; are a good choice. 4. How well ads work For a&nbsp;&nbsp; long time, studying the brain was something that&nbsp; only academics and scientists did. Neuromarketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; on the other hand, has used the amazing power of&nbsp; fMRI images to learn more about how people act&nbsp;&nbsp; and what they buy. One way that fMRI is used in&nbsp; neuromarketing is to compare advertising efforts&nbsp;&nbsp; before they are shown to the public. In one study,&nbsp; the people who took part saw three different ads&nbsp;&nbsp; for the National Cancer Institute's telephone&nbsp; number. The ad campaign that made people think&nbsp;&nbsp; the most in a certain area was the one that got&nbsp; a lot more calls to the hotline. This new way&nbsp;&nbsp; of doing things is a new way to find advertising&nbsp; efforts that will really get people interested.&nbsp;&nbsp; 5. Can't decide what to do 108 Research on how&nbsp; people act sometimes goes against what we may&nbsp;&nbsp; have thought before. Columbia University did a&nbsp; study that showed that too many options might&nbsp;&nbsp; make people not want to buy. Using different kinds&nbsp; of displays, they found that customers were less&nbsp;&nbsp; likely to stop at booths with a lot of choices.&nbsp; 6. Figuring out how happy you are EEG imaging is&nbsp;&nbsp; used in Emotion Response Analysis (ERA) to figure&nbsp; out how a person feels about a product, marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; etc. How interested or passionate we are about&nbsp; a product is very important to the advertiser.&nbsp;&nbsp; If, for example, the customer gets very frustrated&nbsp; with your product, it's clear that there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; problem with how it works that you may want&nbsp; to fix. EEG can be used to measure how happy a&nbsp;&nbsp; customer is. In one study, EEG was used to measure&nbsp; how happy people were with a treatment for skin&nbsp;&nbsp; problems. They found that customer happiness was&nbsp; linked to activity in the parts of the brain that&nbsp;&nbsp; are used to judge facial beauty. 7. The fear of&nbsp; losing Neuromarketing has found that people really&nbsp;&nbsp; don't want to lose out, which is an interesting&nbsp; fact. People worry about what they could lose as&nbsp;&nbsp; well as what they could win. Because of this,&nbsp; "buy before it's gone" tactics work very well.&nbsp;&nbsp; When the other choice is presented as a&nbsp; loss, people are much more likely to buy.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because of this, "framing" is a very important&nbsp; idea in 109 neuromarketing. With this method,&nbsp;&nbsp; ads help people make decisions in a way that makes&nbsp; them more likely to spend money. 8. Settling down&nbsp;&nbsp; The first thing your customer learns about you is&nbsp; very important. It can help them make decisions&nbsp;&nbsp; in the future and set the tone for how they&nbsp; buy things. Neuroscientists have found a flaw&nbsp;&nbsp; in how the mind works and how it decides what&nbsp; to do. As individuals, we rarely know how much&nbsp;&nbsp; something is worth based on what it is in and of&nbsp; itself. Instead, we compare it to other choices.&nbsp;&nbsp; Using the "anchoring effect" is a good way to&nbsp; use neuromarketing because it helps people make&nbsp;&nbsp; better decisions. If two hotel rooms are&nbsp; about the same price but one comes with&nbsp;&nbsp; free coffee in the morning, you are much more&nbsp; likely to choose the one with the free coffee.&nbsp;&nbsp; You probably won't look into the quality&nbsp; of the rooms or any of the other features.&nbsp;&nbsp; Advertisers often use this to their advantage when&nbsp; comparing different deals or sets. In this way,&nbsp;&nbsp; we may often end up accepting contracts or making&nbsp; promises for a whole year. 9. The Need to Go Fast&nbsp;&nbsp; Neuromarketing is a good way to figure out what&nbsp; customers want. Companies often try to give the&nbsp;&nbsp; impression of safety and security, but customers&nbsp; may be more interested in speed and efficiency.&nbsp;&nbsp; PayPal found this out when they did a study and&nbsp; found that the promise of ease got people more&nbsp;&nbsp; excited than the promise of security. They used&nbsp; this 110 information to get more people to use&nbsp;&nbsp; their online payment service by putting the&nbsp; spotlight on how fast it was. 10. Revealing&nbsp;&nbsp; Hidden Responses In this ad, a woman played a&nbsp; joke on her friend by putting orange Cheetos in&nbsp;&nbsp; her white load of laundry. Focus groups said they&nbsp; didn't like the ad, but when the same people took&nbsp;&nbsp; part in an EEG study, it showed that they really&nbsp; liked it. People in the focus group were afraid&nbsp;&nbsp; to say that they found the ad funny out of fear&nbsp; that other people would think they were mean.&nbsp;&nbsp; In this way, neuromarketing can show thoughts&nbsp; and preferences that have been kept secret.&nbsp;&nbsp; 11. Punishment and Reward Even video game&nbsp; design has started to use psychological&nbsp;&nbsp; principles. For example, using rewards and&nbsp; punishments to make games interesting and&nbsp;&nbsp; keep people playing them is one way to use these&nbsp; principles. By making the game more rewarding,&nbsp;&nbsp; the action may also raise the amount&nbsp; of the chemical dopamine in the brain.&nbsp;&nbsp; This neurotransmitter is linked to happiness&nbsp; and good memories, which can make a person&nbsp;&nbsp; more interested in playing. Now, game designers&nbsp; even hire psychologists to help them make games,&nbsp;&nbsp; and psychological concepts are built right into&nbsp; the way the games work. 12. Testing a model&nbsp;&nbsp; Even though ads are a big part of how people&nbsp; act, the design of the goods themselves can also&nbsp;&nbsp; be important. 111 Hyundai used EEG to test their&nbsp; prototypes in a well-known case of neuromarketing.&nbsp;&nbsp; They looked at how the brain responded to&nbsp; different design features and tried to figure out&nbsp;&nbsp; what kind of stimulation made people most likely&nbsp; to buy. Based on what this study found, Hyundai&nbsp;&nbsp; changed how the cars looked from the outside. 13.&nbsp; How to Set the Price How to price things in a way&nbsp;&nbsp; that makes people want to buy them is a question&nbsp; that has been asked and debated for a long time.&nbsp;&nbsp; We all know that putting a price of $9.99 instead&nbsp; of $10 on something is a way to get people to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy it, but does it work? Several new discoveries&nbsp; are giving us more information about this age-old&nbsp;&nbsp; question. Neuromarketers are using a fascinating&nbsp; new piece of information that shows that rounded&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers are more likely to work when people&nbsp; are making decisions based on their emotions,&nbsp;&nbsp; while more complicated numbers work better&nbsp; when the logical brain is involved. This&nbsp;&nbsp; is because complex numbers make the brain&nbsp; work harder, which may make it think that&nbsp;&nbsp; the product with the more complicated price&nbsp; is the better choice. 14. Layout of a website&nbsp;&nbsp; Neuromarketing methods are also used to help plan&nbsp; the layout of websites. Neuromarketers are looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at our choices for everything from color schemes&nbsp; to layouts to font sizes and more on websites.&nbsp;&nbsp; There are now some hard and fast rules&nbsp; about how to make websites. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; if you 112 use certificates, customer reviews,&nbsp; and social widgets, you're more likely to get&nbsp;&nbsp; customers than if you don't. Another interesting&nbsp; finding is that websites that are laid out&nbsp;&nbsp; horizontally instead of vertically work less&nbsp; well. This is because reading from the top&nbsp;&nbsp; down uses the brain and makes people more likely&nbsp; to keep scrolling. 15. Headlines That Stand Out&nbsp;&nbsp; Headlines are one of the first things people see,&nbsp; so it makes sense that they need to stand out.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because of this, they have been studied a&nbsp; lot, and a new neuromarketing method called&nbsp;&nbsp; "Hippocampal Headlines" has been created. What's&nbsp; the meaning? Researchers at University College&nbsp;&nbsp; London found that our hippocampus is activated&nbsp; when a known phrase is changed in a small way.&nbsp;&nbsp; This makes us pay attention. Many writers&nbsp; have used Patron and their slogan "Practice&nbsp;&nbsp; makes Patron" as an example of this. We&nbsp; hope these cases have been fun for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @easymarketingschool [4 likes]: 🎯 Get our Customized Marketing Course for Different Sectors
💡 Use the code "Youtube30" at checkout & get a 30% discount today!
🔗 https://easymarketingschool.org/courses/
  2. @ArtemLytvynenko-k2o2l [2 likes]: I've saved this to rewatch later. So much value.
  3. @TarasLevchenko-z7w [1 likes]: Every minute was packed with value.
  4. @LubošToman-l1t [1 likes]: Great insights on customer journey.
  5. @neurowebsite: One of the biggest mistakes people make is thinking neuromarketing is about manipulation, when in reality it’s mostly about reducing friction in decision-making. People don’t buy because of logic alone—they buy when perception, trust, and clarity align. That’s where real conversion starts.
  6. @WijthaGayan: Neuromarketing is the use of brain science and psychology to understand how people respond to marketing and advertisements.
  7. @josenoriega6016: Pitching balls to be learned and mastered and identify the moment when to throw them out. Thanks for sharing! Good day!
  8. @dSanjeev615: ❤❤❤
  9. @theBUYMIND: Thanks this inspired me to create a channel about this, thank you😅
  10. @MatějŠimek-v2m: Would love a deeper dive into SEO strategy.
  11. @StanislavHruska-h7f: good
  12. @RadekFiala-u4q: good
  13. @TõnisVaher: good
  14. @TõnisVaher: good
  15. @1minute.everyday923: JESUS LOVES YOU ALL❤
  16. @Muslim-in3nz: Thank you
  17. @BogdanZawisza-h2n5m: This is marketing mixed with mind control — and I’m taking notes like a mad scientist. 🧪🧠
  18. @BryinWillis-e8g: March ‘25
  19. @LedByLightStories: Wow so informative, thank you:      UCL1oNx70OTpPfX_C1Jn4BZg
  20. @cristianbucata: Unethical?

- The Best Marketing Ever | Art Of Selling | NEURO MARKETING | SHOT BY SHOT: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] products are made in the factory but brands are created in the mind even though we consider ourselves logical and modern human beings the majority of our decisions are made by the ancient instinctive subconscious part of our brains sometimes referred to as our reptilian brain let's have an insight into one such example in the field of marketing in the 1970s Japan's economy was booming and Nestle was looking for the way to transform that into dollars obviously the option they chose was coffee but not so fast it was no secret that Japanese consumers loved tea greatly so Nestle tested the market cautiously before jumping in there an several focus group asking consumers from every age group what they thought of Nestle Coffee surprisingly everyone loved it all focus group came back incredibly positive Japanese consumers really liked the taste of coffee Nestle executives got excited and they shifted into high gear preparing a rollout plan to have coffee on every shelf in Japan huge sums were spent on marketing and distribution and coffee hit the market with a blast and then it wasn't as expected Nestle Coffee just wasn't selling in Japan is there anything more depressing than an empty coffee shop it made no sense every study showed that Nestle Coffee would be the next big thing but Japanese consumers stuck to tea Japanese consumers liked the taste of coffee but simply chose not to buy it faced with this challenging situation Nestle decided to bring in the superstar of marketing clutter repel clutter repeal was not your typical marketer for starters he was actually a child psychiatrist who had spent years working with autistic children but because of this experience he was convinced of one thing that people can't tell you what they really want he believed that the real desires that drove humans were unconscious ones and only very few people were aware enough to understand them clawed are called this is reptilian instinct an example of clutters work was with Jeeps latest models which hadn't been selling and the company couldn't understand why clutter came back with the oddest of suggestions go back to using round headlights clutter realized that for American consumers a Jeep meant freedom it was the symbol of Wild West of running free and equivalent to horse for Americans the Jeep was the modern horse when Jeep had changed their headlights shaped from round to square they had lost that connection because the headlights no longer looked like a horse's eyes Jeep changed it back and the sales went up unbelievably now back to Nestle in Japan when clutter arrived he was quick to understand that Japanese consumers had no connection to coffee no early childhood association Japanese kids grew up watching their parents drink tea lived with the smell of tea in the air and ate tea flavored snacks was it any surprise that as adults they chose tea over coffee so what did clutter recommend yes the coffee candies suddenly hordes of Japanese kids began to discover the taste of coffee through dozens of different candy types from there they eventually moved on to cold sugary coffee flavored drinks and then to lats and then before they knew it big steamy mugs of Nescafe coffee not bad for a market that wouldn't buy coffee just 40 years ago the key is no matter what story you tell make the buyer the hero

  Top Comments:
  1. @wakaastudio [101 likes]: Recently, I discovered a fascinating book that delves into a topic I've been exploring. It offers unique insights that set it apart from others. It breaks down the psychology behind the marketing strategies employed by leading marketers today, complete with practical examples. The title is Don't Buy This Book - Marketing Secrets, and interestingly, it has been banned in many countries. I stumbled upon it on the baluter books website. You might want to check it out!
  2. @amitkoyande [3 likes]: So you mean all adults all of a sudden started eating coffee candies first? 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
  3. @DevnaJaiswal [2 likes]: Upfront payments for quality leads and marketing are too pricey, and I can't afford it. I need a service where I only pay for results. Any ideas?
  4. @Thestudionus [1 likes]: You rock and keep up the good work&rolls.
  5. @aaraavmehtaa: Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind. Discover how hitting the subconscious reptilian brain can completely transform consumer behavior☕🚀
  6. @websitedesigner7158: Round headlights made the sales increase? are you sure.?
  7. @adamwill4029: People who still buy Nestle need to be eliminated
  8. @tvlabstudios: Good video, great info but the AI voice is just so bad :(
  9. @buzzboomer: I think the Nestle case study perfectly shows that traditional market research isn't enough. You have to understand the cultural and emotional connection people have to products. What's one product where you think the brand has a deep emotional connection with its customers?
  10. @pkb-m5l: We have only 3 sec
  11. @maneeshahooja: Informative. Thank you.
  12. @bappojappo-_-3986: and its all over my screen, another amazing video!
  13. @danielgaviria1751: Art of Manipulating
  14. @Luucky-888: 😮
  15. @UtkarshSrivastav-d4v: But it didn't worked in India, only for some areas
  16. @BQENews: Ugh the AI narration makes this almost unlistenable.
  17. @SuccessMindset2180: Without learning about consumers, there is no real company
  18. @breakoutbusinessenglish: I'm sure the video had good content, but for me I turned it off as soon as I heard the AI voice over. Sorry!
  19. @EMClipsHub: Informative!
  20. @laurilepp6304: This is what women are doing. They make men believe that they are heroes and for that feeling men give all their money to women 🤣

- How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think: Kind: captions Language: en - Coke is just soda. Tylenol is just acetaminophen. And Levi's are just jeans. Yet consumers go out of their way to select these specific brands over others. - An economist would say, "How is this possible, that a rational consumer would be willing to pay more for exactly the same thing?" We love to think about ourselves as rational. That's not how it works. A very famous study done by colleagues at Duke University flashed either the Apple logo or the IBM logo to two randomized groups of participants. - The study found that after being subliminally exposed to the Apple logo, compared to when you'd been exposed to the IBM logo, participants performed better on creative tasks. - And the argument is that Apple has been telling you this story over and over again, that Apple is the brand for hip, cool, fun, creative people. - This is the true power of brands. They can influence our behavior in ways that extend way beyond the point of sale. So to what degree can the influence of brands wreak havoc on our ability to make rational spending decisions? This is your brain on money. This is Americus Reed. He studies identity and marketing at the University of Pennsylvania. When I make choices about different brands, I'm choosing to create an identity. When I put that shirt on, when I put those shoes on, those jeans, that hat, someone is going to form an impression about what I'm about. So if I'm choosing Nike over Under Armour, I'm choosing a kind of different way to express affiliation with sport. The Nike thing is about performance. The Under Armour thing is about the underdog. I have to choose which of these different conceptual pathways is most consistent with where I am in my life. - And once a consumer makes that choice, their relationship with a brand can deepen to the point where they identify with that brand like family. And once you identify with a brand, it can shape the way you behave. - And it's really interesting because they will also, if someone talks bad about that product, brand, or service, they will be the first to go out and defend. Why? Because an attack on the brand is an attack on themselves. - Michael Platt is a professor of neuroscience, marketing, and psychology whose research demonstrates how our perception of brands influences our decisions. - There's an idea in marketing, which is that we relate to brands in the same way we relate to people. It's like, "I love this brand," or, "I hate this brand." Of course, what people say, right, can often be different from what's really going on in their heads. So we thought, "Well, why don't we just ask the brain directly?" - Michael and his team observed the brains of iPhone users and Samsung Galaxy users with an MRI machine while they heard good, bad, and neutral news about Apple and Samsung. - Apple customers showed a brain empathy response toward Apple that was exactly what you'd see in the way you would respond to somebody in your own family. - Strangely, Samsung users didn't have any positive or negative responses when good or bad news was released about their brand. The only evidence that Samsung users showed was reverse empathy for Apple news. Meaning if the Apple headline was negative, their brain reflected a positive response. - You know, it really shows us that Apple has completely defined the market here. Samsung customers, it seems, from their brain data, are only buying Samsung 'cause they hate Apple. - The kicker? The Samsung users didn't report feeling the results their MRIs showed. What was happening in their brains and what they reported feeling towards Apple and Samsung, were totally different. - Most people just don't realize that they are subconsciously choosing brands because those brands have some kind of self-expressive value. - You can see there's a lot of power here in terms of shaping consumers' decisions. As we learn more and more about that, we have to think much more deeply about the ethical, legal, and societal implications of doing that. - So, as consumers, what can we do to make informed choices? Well, the best thing we can do is to be aware of the influence that brands hold. - I think it's important to always pause and think a little bit about, "Okay, why am I buying this product?" - And like it or not, brands aren't going anywhere. - I've heard lots of people push back and say that, "I'm not into brands." I take a very different view. They're not doing anything any different than what someone who affiliates with a brand is doing. They have a brand, it's just an anti-brand brand. And I think about, what is it that I've learned about identity over time? I think a lot of it has to do with the fundamental need that we as humans have to have support systems. Perhaps it was the church, it was the community, it was these other institutions that existed. Now, brands have stepped in as pillars of our identity. So I'm very much motivated to see that in that positive light.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Handlethis66 [1 likes]: This is for the weak lemmings,  buy the brands, you look good wearing someone's else's name other than your own? Your very weak minded if you buy brands, don't be fooled by advertising, they are there to brainwash you. Fool.
  2. @chicobicalho5621 [1 likes]: And now we have a most interesting, and worped, approach to pushing a brand, through the so-called "influencers"
  3. @chicobicalho5621 [1 likes]: Marketing is a fascinating means of convincing people to try a product, not to keep buying it, because, if that product is a bad product,  no marketing technique will convince you to keep buying it. As David Ogilvy said -"Nothing kills a bad product faster than good advertisement". During an MFA at NYU in the mid 1980s, I took a fascinating course with Abigail Solomon-Godeau on "photo iconography", and to my surprise she only discussed advertising photography throughout that semester, analyzing brilliantly how advertising photography is complex, and carefully conceived to evoke a fascination for the "aura" of a determined product, and, people "adopting" a brand as their own is a reflex on that thinking. However, there are interesting twists, like the hip black community embracing Tommy Hilfiger in the 1990s, a brand completely focused on selling products to the white middle class bourgeoisie, and this should be an interesting case to be studied, for it goes beyond the regular marketing route, and approach. There was talk of "the black kids wearing TH ruining the brand, and their marketing approach", because the white bourgeois folks lost interest once homeboys embraced Hilfiger, regardless, it is all very fascinating
  4. @S.hopkins3019: Sounds like deliberate harm for profit? What about this?
why do actors get paid to promote brands by wearing them or deicing but the average citizens dont? we flash brands and car decals everyday. we promote their products we should be paid the same rate .
  5. @Laurilly1: How would you approach differ in the pharmaceutical industry where instead of willingness to may more for brand/innovation, consumers want to pay nothing because they think insurance should pay for it? How do you create the Apple of Pharma?
  6. @infernus42254: As any experienced art director will tell you, women and children are usually in the same demographic, since mothers will typically vet any purchase decisions if it involves the children. No need to waste time in endless seminars.
  7. @m3mario: Brands sell more phones by being anti-Apple, than by actually talking about their own phones. That’s how powerful Apple is.
  8. @AtoGo23: So true, brainwashing🤯 by brand
  9. @RiskManagement-ex2nl: music too loud. can't hear
  10. @realunfluffed: It's very sad that if someone doesn't have an iPhone or doesn't wear a Nike sneakers.
They're made to feel ashamed.

Even in a country like India where people only earn $200-500 a month, compared to America where they earn $3000-5000 a month.
We need to save for a full year to buy an iPhone in India.
  11. @mikalthomas37: I will now wear non name brand from now on 🥂
  12. @kimkouski: In the 1980s when I was a teen, I’d rather be dropped from a building than to wear any jeans other than Levi. Cool kids wore Levi. End of discussion…
  13. @Tisalya: woah. you just made me realize..
  14. @rolebod01: cool story
  15. @Aritistic007: Advertising isn't about purchasing a product anymore.  Or about the specs of that product. It's become meme like in weird colours like childrens programmes.
It's all very odd!
  16. @almaisaks: How Apple and Nike have branded your brain | Your Brain on Money | Big Think
  17. @andygold-YT: It's a shame that universities are doing such basic, shallow, and not rigorous studies. 😔🎓
  18. @XiZ-For-Me: The analogy of the architectural plan is perfect, you wouldn't build a house without a blueprint, and you definitely shouldn't build a business without a solid plan to guide your growth and secure funding
  19. @QukFuze: Fascinating insights, It’s incredible to see the neurological data proving that branding goes far beyond logic, tapping directly into our sense of identity and human connection
  20. @sj750: Consumers are far from rational.

- How Consumerism Ruins Our Planet and Finances: Kind: captions Language: en why don't you let me fix you some of this numo coco drink all natural cocoa beans from the upper slopes of mountain nicaragua no artificial sweeteners what the hell are you talking about in 2021 the average person is estimated to encounter 6 000 to 10 000 advertisements every single day this is double the number of advertisements we'd have seen in 2007 and 12 times more than what people were seeing in the 70s we encounter ads everywhere on tv instagram facebook tick tock magazines and spotify there's a very good chance you had an advertisement before or around this very video i bring up this overwhelming advertisement driven lifestyle we're living because it hints at the larger concern that i have with our current way of life mass consumption consumerism is defined as the preoccupation of society with the acquisition of consumer goods we're constantly being told to buy more want more have more that what you have now is not enough that maybe if you just bought this one product or service your problems would be solved we want more we want more like you really like it you want more i follow you this messaging paired with an oversaturated culture of consumerism and increasingly easier ways to purchase goods at the touch of your fingers has led to an enormous increase in consumer spending over the past several decades which i believe has in turn greatly affected our collective finances joy and environment that's why i wanted to make this video essay today my channel is all about trying to live your best life by leveraging personal finance and living intentionally while also incorporating elements of sustainability and minimalism which makes this topic of consumerism so very relevant to me if we can cut down on our consumption and escape this cult of buying more that has been drilled into us from years and years of advertisements then i believe we can help save our wallets our peace of mind and our planet all at the same time so first off let's talk money mass consumption is really expensive on an individual level usa today reported in 2019 that americans spend an average of 18 000 on non-essentials every year that is a whole down payment on a house or a master's degree that you could pay for or an entire year's worth of rent in a really nice apartment bottom line that is a lot of money in that same usa today article they break down what type of buckets of non-essential spending people are devoting their money to here's the chart so that you can see all of it but i wanted to highlight a few items that stood out to me 108 dollars a month goes to impulse purchases about 94 goes to subscription boxes and about 178 goes to takeout or delivery that is a nearly 400 example of unnecessary mass consumption that is hurting people's wallets every single month that's not even beginning to touch on the other artifacts of mass consumption that we see in that breakdown such as coffee every day bottled water multiple streaming services and online shopping now you've got the idea put plenty of coke in that refrigerator one for you one for me i love it i got us a little something too yeah yep one for you and one for me and look i'm not saying you need to cut all non-essential spending from your life some non-essential spending can really make a fun time like if i want to go to the cheesecake factory with my friends i'm probably going to do that every once in a while i love my good i have a chocolate cheesecake but what i think we need to start doing is instead of cutting it all out just starting to trim it and redirect it using that money for things that are going to be more meaningful in the long term rather than buying things that we just want impulsively and that we probably don't need in our lives i think it's really important for people including myself to try to break out of these habits of buying things impulsively or things that we don't need or aren't going to use in the long term because all of that is a product of the mass consumption culture that we live in our culture promotes convenience whether that's the convenience of getting your food delivered to your doorstep despite almost doubling the cost sometimes or whether it's the ease in which you can purchase just about anything with a click of a button on amazon but what happens is we get trapped in a cycle of consumption which keeps us desperate for money so we can continue to buy more things i saw a stat the other day that blew my mind and it was that sixty percent of millennials who earn one hundred thousand dollars or more a year are living paycheck to paycheck which is wild and a lot of reason for that is because of lifestyle a lifestyle of consumption where buying expensive things or just simply buying a lot of things is the norm here in my garage just bought this uh new lamborghini here fun to drive up here in the hollywood hills people get a rush when they buy something new and for some it helps them feel like they're keeping up with their friends or the people they see online but all of that is a fantasy companies and media influence you to buy more things which in turn forces you to continue working to pay for those things often as an employee at those very same companies we're like little gerbils on a wheel just keep on running but we don't go anywhere we just keep buying things and then we have to keep working and you're stuck and you're stuck until you get off the wheel choosing to turn away from over consumption is how you escape that cycle it's about choosing yourself over products in a lifestyle that's been fed to you by advertisements and media and it's about building up your financial health so that you don't have to live paycheck to paycheck and that you can have financial freedom one day the environmental impact rejecting mass consumption can absolutely help your finances because you're spending less on random stuff that you don't need and it can help your peace of mind because you can start to escape that feeling of comparison and feeling like you always need to keep up with other people online or celebrities or anything like that it's a peaceful existence when you can start turning away from consumption but i think an equally if not more important reason to reject mass consumption is the environmental impact consumerism takes a huge toll on our planet americans alone throw away an average of 81 pounds of clothes and textiles every year that's just for one person and as a nation we dispose of about 26 million tons of plastics each year and the us is not the only country doing this it's not just their problem there's so much excess in the world right now national geographic recently reported that quote this unprecedented consumer appetite is undermining the natural systems we all depend on and making it even harder for the world's poor to meet their basic needs and that quote most of the environmental problems we see today can be linked to consumption oh wait did i say that was a recent report my bad that came out in 2004 so the problem has gotten even worse since then we have a more globalized economy and it's easier than ever to buy things online from all over the world so it's just exacerbating this problem of consumption not to mention our appetite has gotten a lot worse for consumption because of things like social media i'm not saying this all to be alarmist i think we all know the threats that face our planet right now when it comes to climate change i know there's a lot of people and systems that are to blame for this but i think there is a way that we can help contribute to bettering this planet and changing the culture and that's by changing our habits around consumption we have to turn away from the temptations of consumption instead of buying a new wardrobe with every new trend that comes out on tick-tock curate your closet with staples that are timeless and durable keep your current phone if it works instead of lining up to buy whatever new iphone apple has that year gift experiences for people instead of products and start practicing finding joy and excitement in things that don't involve spending money and consuming i don't really blame us for falling into these habits of consumption because it was the blueprint that was laid out for us be a good consumer make companies money maybe if you buy all these products they will fill whatever hole is inside of you i'm not talking about dildos that i'm realizing now that sounds like dildos but any product really mass consumption in general it makes you feel whole that's at least the story that we've been told but it's not true i think there can be so much fun excitement and benefit to rejecting mass consumption and adopting a more simple minimalist and sustainable approach to life if you're on the fence about it try it out for a month try just 30 days of living a little bit more simply and not consuming as much and then at the end see how you feel see if you've saved a ton more money and if you kind of like it and then go from there and if you're already interested or you're already doing it that's amazing and i want to hear what you think in the comments below so let me know how you've gone about living a simple life or rejecting consumerism or what steps you're hoping to take to get there i plan to do more video essays like this in the future from dissecting impulse shopping to talking about how social media keeps us poor so if you're interested in things like that please subscribe i also post weekly videos just in general about personal finance money management living your best life all those things so if you're not subscribed please do and if you'd like to support this channel and the content that i'm making you can also donate some money and quote buy me a coffee in the link below i put it there and i just started it so feel free to do so but also don't feel like you have to but thank you so much for watching i really hope this video was interesting to you guys maybe helpful or inspiring um but yeah thank you again for watching and i will see you guys next week alright bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @thefinancialfreedomgirl [22 likes]: I LAUNCHED A NEWSLETTER!! 🎉 https://thepopfinancereport.substack.com/ -- GO CHECK IT OUT & SUBSCRIBE!!! 🥰 

"The Pop Finance Report" is a monthly (for now) newsletter diving into pop culture and money! If you've been craving more dives into money and media, and perhaps a way to consume media outside of the typical algorithm-driven social media world, this is the newsletter for you!
  2. @theVoid524 [6 likes]: 1:24 it just straight up ruined my life. My finances are destroyed for the next 4 years because of credit cards
  3. @shyamprakash9178 [1 likes]: You just advertised The Cheesecake Factory. I have never been there. Now, i want to try that and see what's the big deal about it. 😂
  4. @ReverieYu-o1h [1 likes]: I agree with the point of video title. Companies and influencers often deliver a concept that people must cosume something in festival,  even in International Women's Day that such a historic day. It's exhausting and I HATE  these behaviors and marketing campaign.
  5. @poeticore2124: lol dildos WHAAAAAAAAAT 🤣🤣🤣
but seriously, your points are TOTALLY VALID. glad i've been following you!!
  6. @GenderedEconomics: TAKK, focuses on simplifying the product choice and fighting overconsumption in beauty industry! For them less is more 🍀You can find the story of TAKK and how it creates change in the industry in our first Plethora of Change Episode. Especially interesting for people interested in sustainability, ethical marketing and beauty care industry😇
  7. @buff9267: Yearly hardware purchases may be the most gluttonous consumer acts ever
  8. @thisisnothappening: Just stop buying and start living 🗿
  9. @leonieschiefer7919: what is this song in the background i need to know it
  10. @littlemu12345: 20$ for coffee a month is not coffee every day per ce, unless it's beans. I buy about a pound of beans and it costs 11$ in WinCo. Lasta for about a month
  11. @Maxfromohio2155: Overconsumption harms the environment way more than overpopulation
  12. @gwenn7748: how do you guys manage to do fun stuff without spending? even on a beach day, i would probably need 10-15$ for food.
  13. @SIMONLOWE-rh2hm: I no u no i never said that
  14. @enperry8895: I plan to write more online on Archive Of Our Own And Plotting The Next Steps On How Should I Extend The Alternative Headcanons Of My Stories, After Publishing Many Chapters As I Could All Copies Would Be Ordered In Person Just To Make Money.
  15. @responderyan: I think consumerism has reached its peak, especially because of social media and endless ads. It is frustrating to realize that almost everything you see is an ad, companies try to sell you something 24/7. Most of the people just follow majority and trends, buying things that they, most probably, won't even use. The problem is that most of the people do not even realize that they are the reason overconsumption happens, they think it's normal and that's why this problem of overconsumption is still persistent, and moreover, growing.
  16. @m_justnotleest: As a 17 y/o girl who's trying to practice underconsumerism, I've been only buying make-ups—specially lipsticks when they run out completely. Buying inks only for my pens, and thrifting clothes has really helped me a lot into controlling my impulsiveness in checking-out on online shops. Though it's hard to avoid these things when ads and influencer continues to promote stuff that have short life-spans.
  17. @adammmsayson5944: don't mind me, just dropped a comment here to deconsumerize my yt algorithm
  18. @JimmyLacroe: Best thumbnail ever 👌
  19. @Hirvi47: I agree with your ideas about consumerism. Moreover , I am bothered by so much advertising. Advertising not only promotes consumerism but it also fills our heads with misleading messages that are often not true!
Try to pay attention to ads with a critical thinking attitude. Ask yourself the question: is this true? is this really how they present it?
  20. @AngelaWildman-ep6qu: This is why I stopped being a toy collector.

- How the Consumerism Trap Is Ruining Our Planet and Health | Documentary | Ecocreds: Kind: captions Language: en today we're surrounded by an endless loop of Trends and ads every swipe every scroll there's something new a musthave accessory and just like that we're being bombarded with things that promise to make us happier healthier and more in but have you really become happier welcome to consumerism the never-ending cycle of buy more want more have more where it's no longer just about meeting our needs but creating desires we never even knew we had why do we suddenly feel we need that one item that specific color or a trendy accessory it doesn't just happen by chance when the Barbie movie came out pink suddenly became the color of the Season every other influencer was grabbing pink colored outfits and accessories they may only wear once or the Stanley Cup a simple water bottle that people waited in line for and paid double the price online all just to say they own one in the US an average person spends $188,000 each year on things that aren't essential that's nearly $1,500 a month that could go toward something more meaningful but instead it's invested in things that sit unused in storage units or end up discarded the world is on track to reach 5.6 billion consumers by 2030 people who for the first time have the ability to buy beyond their basic needs on the surface it's a positive shift after all more people can enjoy life's Comforts but with this rise comes a massive demand demand for resources a demand we can barely keep up with and if everyone on Earth consumed like the average Westerner we'd need over five planets to sustain us in reality we're already using resources equivalent to 1.75 Earths but what about sustainable consumption isn't buying products that are made eco-friendly a solution it's a comforting idea but the truth is that even sustainable labels often Mass the bigger problem as long as we continue to overc consume the outcome Remains the Same waste and brands that promote sustainable options rarely admit their role in encouraging us to buy more instead they shift the responsibility onto US making us believe it's our fault for not being conscious consumers while they continue to pump out hundreds of new trends and sustainable lines that feed the exact same cycle in the us alone over 11 million tons of clothing are discarded every year that's about 85% of all textiles ending up in landfills and it's not just clothing Americans generate over four pounds of waste per person per day and we're running out of space to store it all 25% of Americans now rent storage units just to house things they barely use this constant churn of products generates millions of tons of waste every year from Electronics to packaging HomeGoods and more much of this ends up peeling in landfills where it leeches harmful chemicals and microplastics and eventually making its way back into our food chain so how do we end this the first thing is to start questioning what you truly need instead of jumping from one Trend to another focus on quality items that serve the intention and stand the test of time and for the products that you already own the answer is simple use them repair what's broken repurpose what's forgotten and recycle what you can at ecoc creds we're making the ladder more transparent and rewarding for you we're creating a system where every piece of plastic waste you recycle is completely managed verifiable and traceable on the blockchain so you can see exactly where you're making an impact follow at EOC creds on X to join us on a mission for a sustainable future

  Top Comments:
  1. @sailbetty [12 likes]: Just stop buying stuff!
  2. @drufg891 [6 likes]: Going natural would be a good start. 
Humbling ourselves as a species would help. 
I'm not preaching, I'm guilty as the next person getting caught up. 
Just my opinion and I'm trying to curb the consumption and waste as much as possible.
  3. @italotoffolo [5 likes]: People need to stop buying unnecessary, disposable and low-quality things.
  4. @NottABlack [5 likes]: 3:19 this is how live my life!
 I really really wish others would too. If you're an adult, stop throwing perfectly good items away, either find it a new home or keep it until you can find a reason to use it, but if you can actually avoid throwing it the trash, you might actually feel proud that you didn't add to the waste problem.  Small steps, just remember,  not everything is trash!
  5. @buraunpanda-7078 [4 likes]: Was this video made by Ai?
  6. @Cindoro [3 likes]: It's also more so the billionaires, govt, and corporate usa's fault than the consumer.
  7. @cat_tist [1 likes]: I think it would be more appropriate if you had'n used AI, which cause consumerism and displace the workforce like your examples.
  8. @user-uh9ho1wk4x [1 likes]: stop being a mug and buying shit
  9. @Cindoro [1 likes]: The boycotts have also helped society immensely to underconsume.
  10. @StewardsOfSustainability [1 likes]: This is such an informative and well-made video! I’m starting a channel focused on sustainability and resource-sharing networks, and I was wondering if I could use some of the content from this video for a reaction video. My goal is to highlight how consumerism and overconsumption have impacted our world, using your video to provide context and spark discussion. I’ll credit you fully and link back to your channel. Thank you for considering this request!
  11. @patriciaeugeniatapialopez-1070: There is no real news in this video, but it summarises the information which many need to ponder on theirs consume habits. At the end of the video, we see the word "tracable". It should be "traceable" :)
  12. @NottABlack: As a woman, i feel that as i look at other women, they are the BIGGEST overconsumers of all, then ppl under 25 are 2nd.
They're more likely to follow trends, and buy that hot new thing to try to keep up with their peers.
 Women's excessiveness with purfumes, makeup, fake nails, fast fashion items, shoes, fake hair, trinkets, holiday/seasonal decor that they throw out by the next holiday, fast jewlery, that trend of the week or whatever, and so on.....if i were to walk around manhattan with an empty trolly just collecting all the useful things on the street. It could be filled by the time i get 10 blocks because thats how much useful things i see on a daily basis, and im not even talking about digging in bags. When i see someone digging in a building's trash now, im like, geez i hope they find something good; i just dont have the guts to go that far.
I don't do any of those things and ive never really had many women friends because of it, women tend to make fun of Each other if you don't keep up,  and I'm not about that toxic life.

- Our Consumer Society: Kind: captions Language: en-US We live in a consumer society. Our lives revolve&nbsp; around shops, supermarkets, new experiences, new&nbsp;&nbsp; stuff, a world surrounded by image, advertising,&nbsp; marketing, one-day delivery, product placement,&nbsp;&nbsp; gadgets and fast fashion. We are – supposedly -&nbsp; shallow, obsessed with the self, narcissistic and&nbsp;&nbsp; vein, building personal castles of consumption&nbsp; on the foundations of we don’t really need. But is this true? In some sense, of course,&nbsp; we’ve always consumed. And while we do&nbsp;&nbsp; consume the latest frivolous fashion&nbsp; and want the latest pointless gadget,&nbsp;&nbsp; we also consume meaningful things -&nbsp; new foods and books, travel and art. So consumerism is a broad and vague concept. From&nbsp; the latin – consumere – it used to mean to use&nbsp;&nbsp; up and was limited to candles, food, drink,&nbsp; wood – things that you would literally consume,&nbsp;&nbsp; would disappear. But its obvious that throughout&nbsp; the modern period and increasingly from the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1950s, something has changed. Something&nbsp; new has happened. A consumer revolution,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe? Consumption expanded, across the&nbsp; globe, across the classes. It began to&nbsp;&nbsp; dominate our lives. At some point we&nbsp; transformed into a consumer society. The consumer society is different from previous&nbsp; forms of consumption. We have a wider variety&nbsp;&nbsp; of goods and shops, more pervasive marketing,&nbsp; everything is commercialised and exchanged, and&nbsp;&nbsp; consumerism has become not just about producing&nbsp; new goods, but has become a cultural phenomenon. In his classic 1993 book Land of Desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; historian William Leach says that "The&nbsp; cardinal features of this culture were&nbsp;&nbsp; acquisition and consumption as the means of&nbsp; achieving happiness; the cult of the new;&nbsp;&nbsp; the democratisation of desire; and money value as&nbsp; the predominant measure of all value in society.’ And historian Peter Sterns defines consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; as: ‘a society in which many people formulate&nbsp; their goals in life partly through acquiring&nbsp;&nbsp; goods that they clearly do not need for&nbsp; subsistence or for traditional display.’ So today, I want to explore our consumer world,&nbsp; our landscape of desire. What does consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; mean? Is the term even useful? Is the West&nbsp; ‘shallow’? What does it do to us to be surrounded&nbsp;&nbsp; by image, advertising, and celebrity? Is&nbsp; consumerism making us ill, alienating us from our&nbsp;&nbsp; true selves? Is there any possibility of ethical&nbsp; or conscious consumption? Is there a way out? First, we need to look at the history of how&nbsp; consumerism developed, what we might have&nbsp;&nbsp; lost and when and why this change happened, to&nbsp; really understand what our consumer society is. Modern consumerism, as we understand it&nbsp; today, began to develop in the city states&nbsp;&nbsp; of renaissance Italy in the 15th century. Trade&nbsp; between the Far East, Middle East, and Europe&nbsp;&nbsp; increased, merchants became wealthier,&nbsp; and disposable income became more common. Artisans and shopkeepers traded&nbsp; in, owned, and collected increasing&nbsp;&nbsp; numbers of household wares like jars,&nbsp; bowls, plates, cutlery and textiles like&nbsp;&nbsp; clothes or curtains. Carvings and tapestries and&nbsp; art became more elaborate and more widespread. But the new economics of consumption&nbsp; – the newfound wealth of merchants&nbsp;&nbsp; exploring the globe - developed&nbsp; alongside an already existing moral&nbsp;&nbsp; economy in Italy that questioned consumerisms&nbsp; benefits and sought to moderate its excesses. Aristotle – whose works became more widely read&nbsp;&nbsp; during the renaissance – had argued that the&nbsp; displaying of wealth should be done virtuously.&nbsp;&nbsp; A wealthy man, he said, to be admired, should&nbsp; contribute to public works and communal feasts.&nbsp;&nbsp; Brash undirected luxury was&nbsp; immoral. It had no social use. For Plato, too, luxury led to laziness,&nbsp;&nbsp; corruption, and an inward drive for&nbsp; every increasing selfish desires. The ancient Stoics also rejected the idea of&nbsp; becoming attached to anything material and&nbsp;&nbsp; fleeting. Identifying with and becoming attached&nbsp; to an external world outside of your control would&nbsp;&nbsp; only lead to frustration when those attachments&nbsp; were challenged, perished, or were taken away.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Ancient Greeks, for the most&nbsp; part, had emphasized the inner life. The Christian Church, which of course had&nbsp; a strong presence in Renaissance Italy,&nbsp;&nbsp; adopted the values of these&nbsp; Ancient Greek philosophies. And so many in places like Florence,&nbsp; Venice and Milan were sceptical of&nbsp;&nbsp; this new commercial culture. The newly&nbsp; wealthy merchants had to ensure that&nbsp;&nbsp; their possessions were consistent with the&nbsp; conservative sensibilities of the time. In 1497, one friar started a ‘bonfire of&nbsp; vanities’ in the middle of Florence – board games,&nbsp;&nbsp; instruments, cosmetics, clothes and tapestries&nbsp; – anything that could tempt one to sin&nbsp;&nbsp; -were all burned as citizens&nbsp; danced around the bonfire. Venetians passed laws trying to regulate&nbsp; luxury, taxing spending at weddings and&nbsp;&nbsp; prohibiting certain dress styles, and&nbsp; tapestries more that 1.5m in length. As commerce thrived across Europe,&nbsp; other European states followed. In England, for example, wearing purple&nbsp; silk and gold was restricted to royals.&nbsp;&nbsp; In London in 1574, a tailor&nbsp; was sent to prison for wearing&nbsp;&nbsp; a ‘pair of hose lined with taffety, and a shirt&nbsp; edged wieth silver contrary to the ordinances’ While In much of Asia, the Buddhist tradition,&nbsp;&nbsp; much like the stoics, rejected the&nbsp; idea of attachment with possessions. It was only in the 18th century that&nbsp; these attitudes began to change. As global trade increased, people began collecting&nbsp; new and unique candlesticks, exotic linens and&nbsp;&nbsp; textiles, spices, tankards, birdcages,&nbsp; porcelains, stockings, pipes, and soaps. A taste for new foods and drinks – made&nbsp; cheaper and more abundant by the Atlantic slave&nbsp;&nbsp; trade – increased and consumers became addicted&nbsp; to coffee, tea, chocolate, and especially sugar. Cotton from plants – again, made cheaper with&nbsp; slave labour - instead of animals were cheaper,&nbsp;&nbsp; took dyes better and suddenly clothes&nbsp; became more colourful and more varied. All of this coincided with the&nbsp; development of modern marketing,&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising, and salesmanship as merchants&nbsp; sought new ways to promote new goods. English pottery maker Josiah Wedgwood invented&nbsp; the modern salesman in the 18th century. As historian Neil McKendrick writes Wedgwood used: ‘inertia-selling campaigns, product&nbsp; differentiation, market segmentation,&nbsp;&nbsp; detailed market research, embryonic self-service&nbsp; schemes, money-back-if-not-satisfied policies,&nbsp;&nbsp; free carriage, giveaway sales promotions,&nbsp; auctions, lotteries, catalogues… advanced credit,&nbsp;&nbsp; three-tier discount schemes, including major&nbsp; discounts for first orders, and almost every&nbsp;&nbsp; form of advertisement, trade cards, shop signs,&nbsp; letterheads, bill heads, newspaper and magazine&nbsp;&nbsp; advertisements, fashion plates and fashion&nbsp; magazines, solicited puffs, organized propaganda&nbsp;&nbsp; campaigns, even false attacks organized to produce&nbsp; the opportunity to publicize the counterattack ‘ Throughout the 19th century consumerism&nbsp; continued entering the home.&nbsp;&nbsp; In Britain, a new trend - Wallpaper led&nbsp; to sales going through the roof. Art,&nbsp;&nbsp; photography, and miniature replicas&nbsp; of statues and ornaments became&nbsp;&nbsp; cheaper to reproduce and manufacture.&nbsp; Clocks and watches became more popular. Then, glass windows were invented. Shop windows, glass cabinets and displays created&nbsp; a new relationship between the consumer good&nbsp;&nbsp; and the consumer. ‘Perhaps more than any other&nbsp; medium,’the historian JW Lungstrum writes, ‘glass&nbsp;&nbsp; democratized desire even as it&nbsp; democratized access to goods.’ And in the 20th century,&nbsp; DIY, tools, commercial music,&nbsp;&nbsp; radio, cinema, and television, technology&nbsp; and gadgets and computers supercharged the&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer revolution. McDonald opened its doors&nbsp; in 1955. Credit cards were introduced in 1958.&nbsp;&nbsp; Comic books and Hollywood, Microsoft,&nbsp; and Apple, took over the world. Supermarkets and shopping malls sprang up and&nbsp; governments invested in highways to connect them.&nbsp;&nbsp; In 1946 there were just 8 suburban&nbsp; shopping centres in the US,&nbsp;&nbsp; 14 years later in 1960 there were almost 4000. These new cathedrals of commerce&nbsp; epitomised the shift in culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; Famed architect Victor Gruen designed the largest&nbsp; shopping mall in the world in Detroit in 1952.&nbsp;&nbsp; It had a hundred stores, private roads, a&nbsp; power plant, a police force, a water system,&nbsp;&nbsp; and was designed as a self-contained city. Gruen’s&nbsp; next project in Minnesota was even more ambitious.&nbsp;&nbsp; He designed it so that deliveries, the organising&nbsp; of stock, the wires & pipes were accessed from the&nbsp;&nbsp; back, hidden from view, so that everything&nbsp; appeared on the shelves as if by magic. Gruen believed that these new developments could&nbsp; be the hearts of the new suburban communities&nbsp;&nbsp; that were springing up, that were in desperate&nbsp; need of a kind of spiritual communal core. Later&nbsp;&nbsp; in life he became appalled at how they turned&nbsp; out. He wrote that instead of providing the “need,&nbsp;&nbsp; place and opportunity for participation in&nbsp; modern community life that the ancient Greek&nbsp;&nbsp; Agora, the Medieval Market and Place, and&nbsp; our own Town Squares provided in the past,”&nbsp;&nbsp; they’d become ‘bastard developments’. He&nbsp; retired to Vienna, becoming a science fiction&nbsp;&nbsp; commenting on the environmental destruction&nbsp; our new suburban culture was causing. So while consumerism developed over centuries,&nbsp; the postwar consumer revolution – the one we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; all a product of and living in right now&nbsp; - was a fundamental break from the past.&nbsp;&nbsp; Mass consumption became national, international,&nbsp;&nbsp; advertising pervaded every living room through&nbsp; radio and television and then the internet.&nbsp;&nbsp; Disposable income increased (for many). Rock and&nbsp; roll, birth control, and the swinging sixties made&nbsp;&nbsp; hedonism and the enjoyment of new desires,&nbsp; respectable. But if consumerism is so broad,&nbsp;&nbsp; so vague, so far-reaching, what,&nbsp; really, does a consumer society mean? Ok, so we’ve looked at some history,&nbsp;&nbsp; what about the culture, the psychology, the&nbsp; sociology, the philosophy or consumerism. There is clearly not one single consumerism,&nbsp; though. We consume everything from food to music,&nbsp;&nbsp; to essential oils to new package experiences.&nbsp; Is it all just hedonistic? No, clearly not, we&nbsp;&nbsp; consume books and audio books and online lectures,&nbsp; we consume healthy foods we don’t necessarily&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoy, we use gadgets like sports watches&nbsp; that we don’t necessarily get pleasure from. But consumerism is even more complicated.&nbsp; It’s not just stuff. It’s a cultural activity,&nbsp;&nbsp; a subject, certain attitude towards the&nbsp; world. We have to remember that ‘going&nbsp;&nbsp; shopping’ and ‘being a consumer’ is a&nbsp; historical cultural activity that has&nbsp;&nbsp; norms – that’s done in different ways depending&nbsp; on the person, the place, the historical period.&nbsp;&nbsp; Its not just the act of purchasing and&nbsp; consumption – its the perspectives,&nbsp;&nbsp; the specific activities, the marketing,&nbsp; the relationships that go with it. Consumer groups and cooperatives&nbsp; and political parties and pressure&nbsp;&nbsp; groups and lobbies all developed&nbsp; throughout the 19the century.&nbsp;&nbsp; Consumers organized, there are book genres&nbsp; and discourses about shopping conscientiously,&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer groups lobby the states&nbsp; for rights and consumer protections. So apart from the obvious – an increase in&nbsp; global trade, the black death played a huge role,&nbsp;&nbsp; by the way – so many died that the people&nbsp; that survived were better off financially&nbsp;&nbsp; and had more disposable income – apart from this&nbsp; stuff, can we identify any cultural dynamics that&nbsp;&nbsp; might help us understand consumerism today?&nbsp; I think there are two that provide a good&nbsp;&nbsp; route into the psychology and sociology: the&nbsp; production of new desires and social mimicry. Some objects – some consumer goods,&nbsp; fulfill a simple natural biological&nbsp;&nbsp; need – we eat to satiate ourselves,&nbsp; we buy a bed to sleep on, a home&nbsp;&nbsp; to protect us from the elements. But&nbsp; we’re not just a needs species, we go&nbsp;&nbsp; beyond our simple needs, create new&nbsp; desires, new ways of being in the world. We seem to have a desire for the new&nbsp; – but really understanding what that&nbsp;&nbsp; means, has only developed over&nbsp; the past few hundred years. We can see this shift in what desire&nbsp; means across the 19th century. Sociologist Colin Campbell argues, for example&nbsp; that, Romanticism – that hugely influential&nbsp;&nbsp; pan-European movement that emphasised feelings,&nbsp; sentiments, emotions, novel experiences and&nbsp;&nbsp; adventure and creativity – was an important part&nbsp; of the development of the consumerism outlook. He wrote that the consumer ‘‘withdraw(s)&nbsp; from reality as fast as he encounters it,&nbsp;&nbsp; ever-casting his day-dreams forward in time,&nbsp; attaching them to objects of desire, and then&nbsp;&nbsp; subsequently “unhooking” them from these objects&nbsp; as and when they are attained and experienced’. As modernity developed and we were unshackled from&nbsp; the circularity of traditional life, of the same&nbsp;&nbsp; routines every day, month, and year, we began&nbsp; to want to collect something new: experiences. Oscar Wilde satirised this idea of new&nbsp; experiences in hi 1891 The Picture of Dorian Gray.&nbsp;&nbsp; Dorian exchanges his soul for everlasting youth&nbsp; so that he can live endlessly as a hedonist. As Rachel Bowlby writes that Gray ‘exchanges&nbsp; his moral self for the unbounded liberty&nbsp;&nbsp; of the new hedonist’, there is no limit to&nbsp; ‘to the number of personalities he can adopt,&nbsp;&nbsp; to the experiences he can try.’ The modern world created adventurers, explorers,&nbsp;&nbsp; dandies, and flaneurs, moving through the&nbsp; world just to collate and understand the new. Already in 1655, philosopher and scientist&nbsp; Robert Boyle had written that while&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘other creatures were content with&nbsp; easily attainable necessaries’,&nbsp;&nbsp; humans had ‘a multiplicity of&nbsp; desires’ and ‘greedy appetites.’ In 1741’s Fable of the Bees, Bernard Mandeville&nbsp; had argued against the received wisdom of&nbsp;&nbsp; Christianity, the Ancient Greeks and the Romans&nbsp; that private vice and selfish individual desire&nbsp;&nbsp; were pernicious. Instead, he said, they were&nbsp; socially useful - they created more trade,&nbsp;&nbsp; more commerce, and in the&nbsp; end made everyone better off. Scottish Enlightenment philosopher&nbsp; David Hume agreed to an extent&nbsp;&nbsp; writing that indolent luxury was still pernicious&nbsp; but that an ‘increase and consumption of all the&nbsp;&nbsp; commodities, which serve to the ornament and&nbsp; pleasures of life, are advantages to society’. When Wilde was writing in the 19th century,&nbsp; Paris was becoming an international a hotspot&nbsp;&nbsp; for new department stores placing a&nbsp; universe of exotic goods on display In The Ladies Paradise, Emile Zola wrote about&nbsp; the allure of the new stores. He called them&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘alters’ – a miracle – a ‘machine’ – and that&nbsp; ‘mad desires were driving all the women crazy. ‘ Other Parisians and critics talked about the new&nbsp; type of person: the flaneur – the person strolling&nbsp;&nbsp; aimlessly around the Parisian arcades, taking&nbsp; it all in, experiencing as much as possible. At the beginning of the 20th century, as&nbsp; Henry Ford popularized a new method of&nbsp;&nbsp; standarsized mass production, capitalists&nbsp; and then advertising executives on Madison&nbsp;&nbsp; Avenue wondered how new desires could be&nbsp; maintained, even created from thin air. The father of public relations and&nbsp; Freud’s nephew, Edward Bernays wrote that "Mass production is profitable only if its&nbsp;&nbsp; rhythm can be maintained." Business&nbsp; "cannot afford to wait until the public&nbsp;&nbsp; asks for its product; it must maintain constant&nbsp; touch, through advertising and propaganda…&nbsp;&nbsp; to assure itself the continuous demand which&nbsp; alone will make its costly plant profitable". Freud became central to the new advertising&nbsp; industry. Ad men drew on his theories of&nbsp;&nbsp; sexual desire, oral gratification, and&nbsp; the pleasure principle to sell new brands. The psychologist and marketer&nbsp; Ernest Dichter famously recommended:&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘don’t sell shoes – sell lovely feet!’ The shift was that consumerism&nbsp; and the marketing that was&nbsp;&nbsp; developing with it wasn't about needs&nbsp; it was about new fantasies, new lives,&nbsp;&nbsp; becoming a new and different person. It wasnt&nbsp; about the present, it was about the future. Lehman Brother’s Paul Mazur wrote that: "We must shift America from a&nbsp; needs, to a desires culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; People must be trained to desire, to want new&nbsp; things even before the old had been entirely&nbsp;&nbsp; consumed. We must shape a new mentality in&nbsp; America. Man's desires must overshadow his needs." Some of these new desires, new dreams and&nbsp; visions were practical – the washing machine&nbsp;&nbsp; freeing up the housewife’s time,&nbsp; the automobile, the typewriter–&nbsp;&nbsp; others were criticised as luxuries –&nbsp; sports cars and endless new fashions. Retail analyst Victor Lebow wrote in 1955:&nbsp; "Our enormously productive economy demands&nbsp;&nbsp; that we make consumption our way of life, that we&nbsp; convert the buying and use of goods into rituals,&nbsp;&nbsp; that we seek our spiritual satisfaction, our&nbsp; ego satisfaction, in consumption.… We need&nbsp;&nbsp; things consumed, burned up, replaced and&nbsp; discarded at an ever-accelerating rate." The landscape of desire was&nbsp; were production and consumption,&nbsp;&nbsp; marketing, advertising and the individual met. As the philosopher Jean Baurillard –&nbsp; who will come to shortly - points out&nbsp;&nbsp; in his classic The Consumer Society, heroes&nbsp; of production – colonizers, explorers,&nbsp;&nbsp; founders, industrialists – gave way to heroes&nbsp; of consumption – celebrities, gilded princes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and sports stars – notable figures that wore&nbsp; the latest designs and drove the flashiest cars. But we don’t just consume&nbsp; alone. We don’t invent our&nbsp;&nbsp; own desires independently. Those figures&nbsp; – the heroes of consumption – and our&nbsp;&nbsp; social life more broadly provide models for&nbsp; mimicry. We’re an inherently social species. In the old Royal Courts of Europe, adopting&nbsp; conspicuous styles stood one out from your&nbsp;&nbsp; competitors. Now, celebrities and models set&nbsp; trends, but we all like to be ahead of the pack. In 1899, the sociologist Thorstein&nbsp; Veblen coined the term ‘conspicuous&nbsp;&nbsp; consumption’ to describe the upper class&nbsp; phenomenon of buying, displaying, and&nbsp;&nbsp; wearing luxury goods to distinguish&nbsp; themselves from their peers. In 1950, the economist Harvey Leibenstein adapted&nbsp; the idea of conspicuous consumption – he noted&nbsp;&nbsp; how not only did the wealthy adopt new styles to&nbsp; set themselves apart, but that the middle classes&nbsp;&nbsp; then copied them to try and display social&nbsp; status. He called it the bandwagon effect. The Veblen effect – as its come to be known –&nbsp; means that the aquiring of consumer goods is&nbsp;&nbsp; not just about use, utility, beauty, boredom,&nbsp; or innovation – but about status. The value of&nbsp;&nbsp; the good is not determined by its usefulness&nbsp; but by the social value of displaying it. But status is not just a surface phenomenon– being&nbsp; in the know is about having the right knowledge,&nbsp;&nbsp; the right know-how, knowing the direction of the&nbsp; wind. It’s all necessary to being accepted in the&nbsp;&nbsp; correct circles, whether that’s about class,&nbsp; or being a fashion designer or an inventor.&nbsp;&nbsp; Even science has fashionable trends. As the sociologist Roberta&nbsp; Sassatelli writes there is ‘‘the knowledge (gastronomic or social)&nbsp; that derives from having eaten out,&nbsp;&nbsp; tasted this or that dish, having used a given&nbsp; type of cutlery, and having managed well the&nbsp;&nbsp; phases of the meal, that is tasting, commenting on&nbsp; the dishes, chatting and exchanging information.” This act of social mimicry&nbsp; functions in a strange way,&nbsp;&nbsp; almost as if its an engine. Often, once the vulgar&nbsp; lesser lower classes begin to adopt a style,&nbsp;&nbsp; then it no longer distinguishes the upper&nbsp; classes who brought it into fashion and used&nbsp;&nbsp; it to distinguish themselves as unique,&nbsp; as special. And so trends keep revolving&nbsp;&nbsp; as a new new trend setters turn away&nbsp; from the crowd and adopt new styles. The sociologist Georg Simmel writes that: ‘As soon&nbsp; as the lower classes begin to copy their style,&nbsp;&nbsp; thereby crossing the line of the demarcation&nbsp; the upper classes have drawn and destroying the&nbsp;&nbsp; uniformity of their coherence, the upper classes&nbsp; turn away from this style and adopt a new one,&nbsp;&nbsp; which in turn differentiated them from the&nbsp; masses; and thus the game goes merrily on.’ Baudrillard argued that in the postwar consumer&nbsp; society not only is their conspicuous consumption&nbsp;&nbsp; but a ‘fantastic conspicuousness.’ We’re&nbsp; everywhere surrounded by styles and images&nbsp;&nbsp; to imitate, new gadgets to employ, and the&nbsp; turnover rate for new fashions is inexorable. Ok, so consumerism is about creating new desires&nbsp; and social mimicry. But, you might be wondering,&nbsp;&nbsp; what's bad about this? Where’s the problem? I&nbsp; buy new camera equipment, lights, microphones,&nbsp;&nbsp; books – I have a bike that would be impossible&nbsp; to manufacture only twenty years ago.&nbsp;&nbsp; All of them are desires that have been&nbsp; created and, well, I watch reviews and&nbsp;&nbsp; see what photographers use etc, so its social&nbsp; mimicry. But I find all this stuff useful.&nbsp;&nbsp; I find the task I use them for meaningful, and&nbsp; I hope you do to. So again, where’s the problem? We can categorise the problems critics&nbsp; have identified into two parts: One is quite simple. Consumption per se isnt bad,&nbsp; but its side-effects, its unintended consequences,&nbsp;&nbsp; certain types of consumption, are. They are&nbsp; things like addiction, environmental degradation,&nbsp;&nbsp; exploitative labour practices, off-shoring, etc. I’ll return to these issues shortly. The&nbsp; other problem critics have identified is&nbsp;&nbsp; more philosophical, sociological, and&nbsp; psychological – it’s that consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; effects us in our very psyches – we have a&nbsp; modern consumer mentality, and its out of joint. One touchstone for this type of critique&nbsp; is the economist Kenneth Galbraith’s The&nbsp;&nbsp; Affluent Society published in 1958.&nbsp; Galbraith argued that now that very&nbsp;&nbsp; basic needs of most Americans had been met,&nbsp; new demands had to be created artificially. Growth required consumption and so&nbsp; it was the job of capitalists to be&nbsp;&nbsp; endlessly creating new desires to keep people&nbsp; running circuitously around the hamster wheel. He argued that our postwar society was one&nbsp; addicted to consumption at the expense of&nbsp;&nbsp; social and political problem. In a consumer&nbsp; society, dominated by industry, growth is the&nbsp;&nbsp; central goal. There is, he says, an ‘inherently&nbsp; unstable process of consumer debt creation’,&nbsp;&nbsp; as people borrowed more and more on credit cards.&nbsp; The focus on private goods produced ‘private&nbsp;&nbsp; opulence and public squalor’ as people became&nbsp; more hedonistic and neglected their communities,&nbsp;&nbsp; civic society, and environments. He described&nbsp; people driving their ‘mauve and cerise,&nbsp;&nbsp; airconditioned, power-steered, and power-braked&nbsp; automobile’ through badly paved streets to have&nbsp;&nbsp; picnic of ‘exquisitely packaged food from&nbsp; a portable icebox by a polluted stream.’ Because we become so focused on consumption,&nbsp; other values become marginalised. We can understand this as a critique in&nbsp; the tradition of what’s often been called&nbsp;&nbsp; alienation. Karl Marx had argued that&nbsp; capitalism alienates us from our true&nbsp;&nbsp; species being. We fetishise commodities because of&nbsp; their monetary exchange value, which covers up the&nbsp;&nbsp; social processes that went into the manufacture&nbsp; of the product. We see the world through the lens&nbsp;&nbsp; of a cash nexus which covers up what’s&nbsp; really going on under the surface. Arguments about and definitions of alienation&nbsp; have taken many forms, but its most accessible&nbsp;&nbsp; popular understanding is that&nbsp; we buy stuff we don’t need,&nbsp;&nbsp; sold by adverts we don’t want to see, that&nbsp; make us desirous of things we need to desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; in an addictive society that distorts&nbsp; and discounts our true needs. In his book Empire of Things, historian Frank&nbsp; Trentmann argues that we used to see ourselves&nbsp;&nbsp; as part of the world – more holistically - and&nbsp; that the entire world and our experience of it&nbsp;&nbsp; was thought of more organically, more&nbsp; immediately, more sacredly, even. He says though that this was ‘torn asunder&nbsp; by René Descartes, who, in the 1640s,&nbsp;&nbsp; argued that the mind was an entity separate from&nbsp; the body and the material world. A century and&nbsp;&nbsp; a half later, Immanuel Kant is said to have&nbsp; completed ‘humankind’s victory over things’. What this means is that many philosophers&nbsp; of the Enlightenment argued that we could&nbsp;&nbsp; stand apart from the world, rationalise it,&nbsp; calculate it logically, see things objectively. This shift contributed to our mistaken belief&nbsp; that we could simply control the world around us,&nbsp;&nbsp; that we could manipulate and collect and examine&nbsp; objects and, as a consequence, consumer goods. Of course, we know this is a mistake. Things&nbsp; have an effect on us, the world around us has&nbsp;&nbsp; an effect on us, no matter how much we try to be&nbsp; the owner of our stuff, our stuff, in many ways,&nbsp;&nbsp; become the owners of us – they determine what we&nbsp; think, how we perceive ourselves, what we do. They&nbsp;&nbsp; can turn us into addicts, they can frustrate&nbsp; us, they can lead us down routes that aren’t&nbsp;&nbsp; good for us without us even knowing it. That’s&nbsp; the alienation argument. We’re a sick society. Marx called religion an opiate of the masses.&nbsp; It kept people docile, easily controlled,&nbsp;&nbsp; under the thumb of their rulers, distracted&nbsp; from the real problems around them. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; many have argued, consumerism has&nbsp; become the opiate of the masses. The Enlish novelist J.B Presitly bemoaned&nbsp; in the middle of the 20th century that&nbsp;&nbsp; Britain was becoming like ‘Southern&nbsp; California, with its TV and film studios,&nbsp;&nbsp; automobile way of life (you can eat&nbsp; and drink, watch films, make love,&nbsp;&nbsp; without ever getting out of your car), its&nbsp; flavourless cosmopolitanism .and bogus religions.’ Or take this quote from Frankmann’s Empire&nbsp; of Things on a cinema goer from the 1920s: ‘One young British woman, a shorthand typist&nbsp; who went to the pictures four times a week,&nbsp;&nbsp; found that seeing ‘marvellous places’ like&nbsp; New York and California on the screen left her&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘miserable and unhappy sitting in my stuffy little&nbsp; office all day with nobody to talk to but myself&nbsp;&nbsp; (which I don’t) and to go home to a house that&nbsp; should have been knocked down five years ago.’ These quotes suggest that what we’re surrounded&nbsp; by is somehow wrong. That we’re subjected to&nbsp;&nbsp; and forced to absorb and embody great images of&nbsp; desires that we don’t have but others – mysterious&nbsp;&nbsp; others, often out of reach, often manipulated&nbsp; and polished to sell more adverts –&nbsp;&nbsp; do. The images aren’t real, they’re not&nbsp; representative of reality, they have no depth. The postmodern consumer society&nbsp; is associated with the MTV viewer,&nbsp;&nbsp; channel hopping, flipping through images with&nbsp; an easily accessible remote, listening to&nbsp;&nbsp; disjointed sounds and flashing images&nbsp; without really feeling anything. The viewer, in sociologist&nbsp; Mike Featherstone's words,&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘merely enjoys the multiphrenic intensities&nbsp; and sensations of the surface of the images.’ It’s all connected. Because flipping through MTV&nbsp; works through the same logic as fast-fashion and&nbsp;&nbsp; gadgets with built in obsolescence:&nbsp; its all fleeting, nothing lasts,&nbsp;&nbsp; quality diminishes – it’s designed so that you&nbsp; consume it quickly and move on to the next thing. This is a common critique of a postmodern&nbsp; culture that the some say underpins our consume&nbsp;&nbsp; culture. If you look at art, literature,&nbsp; and film they jump around stylistically. Fast-fashion trends come and go, styles in fashion&nbsp; and film are just stuck together in pastiche,&nbsp;&nbsp; the world moves so fast that nothing&nbsp; can be properly understood, analysed,&nbsp;&nbsp; critiqued – there is, in the philosopher Fredric&nbsp; Jameson's’ words, a depthlessness to our world. It’s driven by production and consumption but&nbsp; psychologises us by infecting our culture too. The Frankfurt School philosophers Adorno and&nbsp; Horkheimer argued that Hollywood and the wider&nbsp;&nbsp; culture industry that developed across the&nbsp; 20th century was shallow – everything was&nbsp;&nbsp; standardised to reduce costs and commodified&nbsp; to reach the widest consumer market.&nbsp;&nbsp; All culture – music, fashion, art, film –&nbsp; was reduced to the lowest common denominator&nbsp;&nbsp; so that it could be consumed by&nbsp; the largest number of consumers. They write, ‘culture today is infecting everything&nbsp; with sameness. Film, radio, and magazines forms&nbsp;&nbsp; a system. Each branch of culture is unanimous&nbsp; within itself and all are unanimous together. Each character can pop up&nbsp; interchangeably in each film.&nbsp;&nbsp; Ironman and Captain America can be&nbsp; replaced with new incarnations. Each new&nbsp;&nbsp; storyline in a television is easily recognisable.&nbsp; The same types of humour resonate throughout. And&nbsp;&nbsp; product placement is everywhere. It is simple. Easy. Consumable.&nbsp; We can see similar arguments in three more&nbsp; thinkers: Fredrich Jameson, Jean Baudrillard,&nbsp;&nbsp; and David Harvey. They all put emphasis on the&nbsp; culture of our postmodern consumer society too.&nbsp;&nbsp; That its obsessed with image, with&nbsp; shallowness and lack of depth. I want to quickly go through each one, because&nbsp; there are similarities in them that can help us&nbsp;&nbsp; understand what unifies many of the critiques&nbsp; and so we can then etter think about solutions.&nbsp;&nbsp; We’ll then turn to what they might&nbsp; have left out, what criticisms of&nbsp;&nbsp; them are, before trying to think&nbsp; about consumerism in a new way. Jean Baudrillard published the&nbsp; Consumer Society in 1970. I love&nbsp;&nbsp; this quote that really encapsulates the FOMO&nbsp; of consumerism, how forward looking he was.&nbsp;&nbsp; He wrote that consumerism came with a ‘revival&nbsp; of a universal curiosity in respect of cookery,&nbsp;&nbsp; culture, science, religion, sexuality, etc. 'Try&nbsp; Jesus!' runs an American slogan. You have to try&nbsp;&nbsp; everything, for consumerist man is haunted by&nbsp; the fear of 'missing' something, some form of&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoyment or other. You never know whether a&nbsp; particular encounter, a particular experience&nbsp;&nbsp; (Christmas in the Canaries, eel in whisky,&nbsp; the Prado, LSD, Japanese-style love-making)&nbsp;&nbsp; will not elicit some 'sensation'. It is no&nbsp; longer desire, or even 'taste', or a specific&nbsp;&nbsp; inclination that are at stake, but a generalized&nbsp; curiosity, driven by a vague sense of unease.’ Baudrillard was concerned primarily with image&nbsp; and language – the signs of consumer advertising&nbsp;&nbsp; and commercial language. He talked about&nbsp; the dizzying abundance of those signs,&nbsp;&nbsp; and argued that we were so saturated&nbsp; in the language of consumerism&nbsp;&nbsp; that that language dominated our lives more than&nbsp; any other way of communicating with each other. He wrote: ‘There is all around us today a kind&nbsp; of fantastic conspicuousness of consumption and&nbsp;&nbsp; abundance, constituted by the multiplication&nbsp; of objects, services and material goods,&nbsp;&nbsp; and this represents something of a fundamental&nbsp; mutation in the ecology of the human species.’ For Marx, under capitalism, what he called the&nbsp; ‘use value’ of an object – the real value of what&nbsp;&nbsp; its worth to me and us societally to use this mug,&nbsp; say – had been been replaced in our heads with&nbsp;&nbsp; an exchange value – we think instead about how&nbsp; much an item is worth economically. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone might like this mug because it cost a lot&nbsp; of money and has diamonds implanted in the rim,&nbsp;&nbsp; not because they like it aesthetically&nbsp; or think its the perfect size.&nbsp;&nbsp; Fetishising commodities in this way also&nbsp; hides the social labour, the real work,&nbsp;&nbsp; the real lives, that went into making the&nbsp; object. We simply think of it market terms. On top of use value and exchange value,&nbsp;&nbsp; Baudrillard added a third value: sign value.&nbsp; We value things not by how useful they are,&nbsp;&nbsp; or even how much we can get for them, but&nbsp; on what they signify to others socially.&nbsp;&nbsp; I might like this mug, for example,&nbsp; because it’s a fashionable Ted Baker mug. Baudrillard argued that this sign value&nbsp; was like a hidden language we all speak. We live in a network of brand names,&nbsp; consumer images, movie stars with new shoes,&nbsp;&nbsp; and social status that depends largely&nbsp; on where we live, what we own, what our&nbsp;&nbsp; position is at work – and all of these things have&nbsp; a direct effect on what we value, what we desire,&nbsp;&nbsp; and what these things say about us to others.&nbsp; Baudrillard called this network a code,&nbsp;&nbsp; and he said we were more concerned with the&nbsp; code than we were with reality – the real He sees this consumer code as being like a&nbsp; language that speaks to us. We don’t desire&nbsp;&nbsp; new things at random – desires must be created,&nbsp; coded, they must fit into the system of fantasy.&nbsp;&nbsp; New goods must somehow be inserted&nbsp; into the existing order of consumption. Our desires aren’t just&nbsp; biological, personal, individual,&nbsp;&nbsp; or based on use-value – usefulness – or exchange&nbsp; value – that this is a gold plated laptop so&nbsp;&nbsp; will be worth more – but are&nbsp; socially constructed. We are coded&nbsp;&nbsp; to desire socially depending on others,&nbsp; and this determines how we think. Our needs aren’t rational, nor are they&nbsp; even about maximising utility. Social power&nbsp;&nbsp; rules. We are socialized, culturalised,&nbsp; consumerised by an abundance of&nbsp;&nbsp; messages, flashing lights, screens and magazines. What drives this? Baudrillard returns in many ways&nbsp; to Veblen’s theory of conspicuous consumption.&nbsp;&nbsp; We want to distinguish ourselves,&nbsp; setting ourselves apart socially. He calls this a ‘dialectic of&nbsp; conformism and originality’.&nbsp;&nbsp; We both want to conform – be part of the pack&nbsp; – and be original – stand outside the pack. There is, Baudrillard says,&nbsp; ‘a 'need of the individual to&nbsp;&nbsp; differentiate himself' as one more element&nbsp; in the repertoire of individual needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; which it sees as alternating with&nbsp; the opposite need to conform.’ Manufacturers want to fit these new desires – this&nbsp;&nbsp; code – into our lives without continuously&nbsp; upending their whole manufacturing lines. Modern furniture is designed to be flexible,&nbsp;&nbsp; mobile, interchangeable, without depth so it&nbsp; can fit in different spaces and be moved easily.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything is in neutral colours and like&nbsp; IKEA, fits together like a puzzle, like a code. Tradition, uniqueness, odd&nbsp; shapes, personal history&nbsp;&nbsp; is no-longer important in the home. It’s about&nbsp; flatness, neutralness, every home looks the same. Apple resembles this, resembles IKEA. You’re&nbsp; sold a new Mac and now you need an iPad, iPhone,&nbsp;&nbsp; iWatch, airpods. And, if you don’t have apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need one because you might be left out,&nbsp; you can’t use iChat, you can’t send photos&nbsp;&nbsp; easily to your friends – the consumer code&nbsp; draws you in – if not, you’re ostracised. Baudrillard says, anticipating Apple,&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘Few objects today are offered alone,&nbsp; without a context of objects which&nbsp;&nbsp; 'speaks' them.’ - shop-windows, adverts, brand&nbsp; names, all come together in a cohesive vision.’ Baudrillard is famously pessimistic about&nbsp; this state of affairs. He argues we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; so soaked in this culture that we can no&nbsp; longer discover our true authentic needs. Everything is alienated because everything can&nbsp; be exchanged away. Nothing is transcendental.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everything is pastiche – the car advert relies&nbsp; on the sunglasses, the sunglasses are sold with&nbsp;&nbsp; holiday packages, the dream is a holiday in&nbsp; bermuda because that’s where Brad Pitt went –&nbsp;&nbsp; all of these phenomena build, construct,&nbsp; and direct your desires – but true meaning,&nbsp;&nbsp; what we really need, is lost. He uses the example of Kitsch&nbsp; products to illustrate what we means. Kitsch goods are everywhere. They’re 'trashy&nbsp; objects', 'folksy knick-knacks', 'souvenirs',&nbsp;&nbsp; he says. But they’re shallow imitations.&nbsp; They’re no longer connected to the real reason,&nbsp;&nbsp; the original reason, the piece of art or&nbsp; historical building they imitate was produced.&nbsp;&nbsp; Kitsche is the ultimate in artificial desire. HE writes: ‘Kitsch can be anywhere: in&nbsp; the detail of an object or in the plan&nbsp;&nbsp; of a new residential area, in an artificial flower&nbsp; or in a photo-novel. It can best be defined as&nbsp;&nbsp; a pseudo-object or, in other words,&nbsp; as a simulation, a copy, an imitation,&nbsp;&nbsp; a stereotype, as a dearth of real&nbsp; signification and a superabundance of signs.’ They are just ‘part of the package,&nbsp; the constellation of accessories by&nbsp;&nbsp; which the 'socio-cultural' standing&nbsp; of the average citizen is determined.’ Pop art functions in a similar way. Its all&nbsp; surface, it uses the signifiers of the world&nbsp;&nbsp; around us, and slaps it together, ignoring&nbsp; the true deep meaning that’s been hidden. He says: ‘Whereas all art up to pop was based&nbsp; on a 'depth' vision of the world, pop regards&nbsp;&nbsp; itself as homogeneous with this immanent order&nbsp; of signs: homogeneous with their industrial,&nbsp;&nbsp; mass production and hence with the artificial,&nbsp; manufactured character of the whole environment.’ WE see a similar same critique of the shallowness&nbsp; of our postmodern landscape in the American&nbsp;&nbsp; philosopher Fredric Jameson. His essay, turned&nbsp; into a book, ‘Postmodernism, or the Cultural Logic&nbsp;&nbsp; of Late Capitalism’, published in 1984, has been&nbsp; called the most discussed article of the 1980s. For Jameson, there is a particular&nbsp; reason consumer culture is shallow. He writes that our postmodern culture&nbsp; is schizophrenic, it jumps from place&nbsp;&nbsp; to place – and relies on ‘a new depthlessness,&nbsp; which finds its prolongation both in contemporary&nbsp;&nbsp; “theory” and in a whole new culture of the&nbsp; image’ and the ‘weakening of historicity,&nbsp;&nbsp; both in our relationship to public History and&nbsp; in the new forms of our private temporality.’ He argues culture has become so&nbsp; shallow that our relationship&nbsp;&nbsp; to the depth of history has been lost. Culture is fragmented because capitalism&nbsp; is fragmented. We are detached from&nbsp;&nbsp; everything because we have to be – styles&nbsp; change, trends change, conditions change,&nbsp;&nbsp; jobs change, information changes quicker&nbsp; than we can keep up, and so we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; psychologically schizophrenic,&nbsp; frantically trying to keep up. Jameson famously compares Van Gogh’s a&nbsp; pair of boots from 1887 – a modernist&nbsp;&nbsp; painting – with Andy Worholls&nbsp; postmodern 1980 Diamond Dust Shoes. He argues that Van Gogh’s shoes&nbsp; are connected to a real world. He says ‘‘the whole missing object world which&nbsp; was once [the shoes’] lived context. . .the heavy&nbsp;&nbsp; tread of the peasant woman, the loneliness&nbsp; of the field path, the hut in the clearing,&nbsp;&nbsp; the worn and broken instruments of&nbsp; labor in the furrows and at the hearth’ ON the other hand ‘Andy Warhol’s Diamond Dust&nbsp; Shoes evidently no longer speaks to us with any&nbsp;&nbsp; of the immediacy of Van Gogh’s footgear; indeed,&nbsp; I am tempted to say that it does not really speak&nbsp;&nbsp; to us at all. Nothing in this painting organizes&nbsp; even a minimal place for the viewer. . .We are&nbsp;&nbsp; witnessing the emergence of a new kind of flatness&nbsp; or depthlessness, a new kind of superficiality.’ He says the same process is visible in our broad&nbsp; cultural understanding of the Vietnam war. He says&nbsp;&nbsp; its shaped not by reality, not by real history&nbsp; or understanding, but by Hollywood films, protest&nbsp;&nbsp; music, flashy televisions news. Like Warhol’s&nbsp; shoes, its disconnected, more imaginary than real. The Marxist thinker David Harvey writes more about&nbsp; the economic foundations of this depthlessness. If you study at the supply chains of any fast&nbsp; fashion company, any tech company, in fact,&nbsp;&nbsp; the majority of consumer goods, you’ll find&nbsp; that its fractured, outsourced, subcontracted,&nbsp;&nbsp; divided into small parts and&nbsp; separate companies across the globe,&nbsp;&nbsp; a button made here, a screen there, a&nbsp; screw in one place and a thread in another. For Harvey and Jameson, these facts of&nbsp; material production – how the economy&nbsp;&nbsp; is structured - is the reason the culture that&nbsp; results from it is so shallow. It doesn’t have&nbsp;&nbsp; time to be anything but and its constantly pushing&nbsp; for new trends. By the time a story, news item,&nbsp;&nbsp; a television show, a piece of art, or even a topic&nbsp; of discussion is produced, the world is moving on,&nbsp;&nbsp; manufacturing new product lines&nbsp; in new places based on new ideas. Harvey sees our postmodern consumer&nbsp; society as a result of the shift from&nbsp;&nbsp; Fordism – vertically integrated factories&nbsp; all owned and controlled by a single company&nbsp;&nbsp; overseeing each part of the process - to&nbsp; what he calls ‘flexible accumulation.’ Flexible accumulation is defined by outsourcing&nbsp; and subcontracting to break up the process&nbsp;&nbsp; into smaller bits, offsetting risks, making&nbsp; smaller companies to compete with one another&nbsp;&nbsp; for contracts so as to get the lowest price,&nbsp; being able to drop a manufacturer and hire a&nbsp;&nbsp; new one as soon as needed, when a style or trend&nbsp; changes. This leads a fractured economic system&nbsp;&nbsp; across the globe and a fractured culture as&nbsp; a result. New communication technologies,&nbsp;&nbsp; GPS, data centres, electronic banking, etc add&nbsp; to the speed and flexibility of the system. Harvey writes that ‘the mobilization of fashion&nbsp; in mass (as opposed to elite) markets provided&nbsp;&nbsp; a means to accelerate the pace of consumption&nbsp; not only in clothing, ornament, and decoration&nbsp;&nbsp; but also across a wide swathe of life-styles&nbsp; and recreational activities (leisure and&nbsp;&nbsp; sporting habits, pop music styles, video&nbsp; and children's games, and the like).’ And so lifestyles are adopted&nbsp; and discarded at the same rate as&nbsp;&nbsp; new trends, nothing is around long&nbsp; enough to be examined, understood,&nbsp;&nbsp; or identified with in any depth – we&nbsp; become detached, postmodern, lost. Fashion trends are adopted, mimicked, stolen, and&nbsp; ripped off; fads and countercultures are co-opted,&nbsp;&nbsp; profited from, then discarded. ‘All that&nbsp; is solid melts into air,’ as Marx wrote. Everything is disposable,&nbsp; single use - napkins, cups,&nbsp;&nbsp; cameras, batteries, and pens&nbsp; are used up and thrown away. Because everything is fast a quick turnover in&nbsp; images follows. Sponsorship, television styles,&nbsp;&nbsp; new cars, new styles in cinema and&nbsp; literature, new memes and new celebrities. Harvey illustrates how this shift between&nbsp; integrated Fordist factories and global&nbsp;&nbsp; flexible accumulation has effected our&nbsp; culture with the proliferation of galleries.&nbsp;&nbsp; He says that in New York in 1945 there&nbsp; were just a handful of gallioers. Now,&nbsp;&nbsp; 150,000 artist in New York claim&nbsp; professioanl status. There are&nbsp;&nbsp; 680 galleries producing more than 15&nbsp; million art works across a decade. They’re all bound up in the production of new&nbsp; images that can be exchanged and co-opted by our&nbsp;&nbsp; consumer culture which ultimately is about&nbsp; moving things on as quickly as possible. The problem, he says, is ‘Capital flight,&nbsp;&nbsp; de industrialization of some regions,&nbsp; and the industrialization of others,&nbsp;&nbsp; the destruction of traditional working-class&nbsp; communities as power bases in class struggle.’ Ok, lets summarise. There are two critiques.&nbsp; The one we just covered is about alienation,&nbsp;&nbsp; about us psychologically. That there’s&nbsp; a depthless, everything is surface,&nbsp;&nbsp; everything moves too quickly, and, according&nbsp; to many, we’re alienated from our true needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; from the true use value of objects and goods. This&nbsp; is a kind humanist critique. It focuses on us. The other critique is somewhat simpler. It’s&nbsp; that consumerism is destroying the planet,&nbsp;&nbsp; the environment. That consumerism is&nbsp; bad not per se, but because of appalling&nbsp;&nbsp; work conditions and labour rights and&nbsp; child labour in places like Bangladesh. I want to argue now that both can be seen as a&nbsp;&nbsp; type of depthlessness – and asking&nbsp; the question ‘what’s the opposite&nbsp;&nbsp; of depthlessness?’ - what would depth mean?&nbsp; Might help point us in the right direction. This humanist problem – the problem, essentially,&nbsp; of alienation – has been criticised by people&nbsp;&nbsp; who say alienation from what? Is there really&nbsp; any true authentic self to be alienated from?&nbsp;&nbsp; Aren’t we all the product of self-creation,&nbsp;&nbsp; an assemblage of experiences, differing&nbsp; from person to person, place to place. This is Douglas Kellner’s critique&nbsp; of Baudrillard – that he says we’re&nbsp;&nbsp; surrounded by image and sign and a&nbsp; hyperreality that alienates from the&nbsp;&nbsp; real of existence, but he posits no way out,&nbsp; no theory of change. If consumerism alienates&nbsp;&nbsp; but there is no true self anyway, on&nbsp; what basis can consumerism be wrong? I think this is true, but it doesn’t mean&nbsp; we can’t be alienated from our true needs,&nbsp;&nbsp; that certain things have a negative effect on us&nbsp; and the world, and other things a better effect.&nbsp;&nbsp; That some states of affairs in the&nbsp; world are more desirable than others. I want to quickly draw from two philosophers&nbsp; – Sartre & Spinoza - to make the case that to&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge the negatives of consumerism,&nbsp; we should aim to turn the depthlessness&nbsp;&nbsp; that is central to critiques&nbsp; of it into its opposite: depth.&nbsp;&nbsp; In turn, we aim to turn an alienated&nbsp; life into a more fulfilling one. The anthropologist Mary Douglas&nbsp; wrote that the ‘main problem of&nbsp;&nbsp; social life is to pin down meanings so&nbsp; that they stay still for a little time.’ Whether its fast moving images or our clothes&nbsp; being made by children thousands of miles away,&nbsp;&nbsp; this idea holds. There’s so much going on&nbsp; that it’s impossible to understand it all,&nbsp;&nbsp; to pin it down – and so in many areas we live&nbsp; shallowly, not understanding, not thinking,&nbsp;&nbsp; not able to fully comprehend what goes into&nbsp; the construction of our every day lives. So how do we pin down our fast moving&nbsp; consumer culture to analyse it in depth? Spinoza suggested that we look at&nbsp; the world from what we described as&nbsp;&nbsp; the perspective of eternity. We should examine&nbsp; the causes of things – where they come from,&nbsp;&nbsp; how they function, we should always analyse our&nbsp; ideas, actions, and desires, looking outwards&nbsp;&nbsp; and understanding them in the wider context of&nbsp; the world. We should look at things, essentially,&nbsp;&nbsp; in depth. We should understand where our food and&nbsp; clothes come from and the effect their having. And the French existentialist Jean-Paul Sartre&nbsp; made a similar point. He argued that our projects,&nbsp;&nbsp; our ideas, our opinions, and values – our&nbsp; perspective on the world – should rhyme. We should&nbsp;&nbsp; look at how things inform and effect one another. He argues that our experiences should together in&nbsp;&nbsp; a structure of meaning that we then impose&nbsp; onto the world. Meaning can be made deeper,&nbsp;&nbsp; more connected, more, well, meaningful, by&nbsp; uncovering and creating patterns between&nbsp;&nbsp; things so that the world rhymes, so&nbsp; that there’s rhythm and coherence.&nbsp; So if I make Youtube videos, I&nbsp; become interested in cameras to film,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I also then become interested in photography,&nbsp; and in how and where my cameras are made,&nbsp;&nbsp; what other things I can do with them,&nbsp; the history and philosophy of them.&nbsp; These are brief references to two philosophers&nbsp; I’ve introduced in depth before on the channel,&nbsp;&nbsp; but I think they get at something that shines a&nbsp; light on the depthlessness of consumer culture.&nbsp;&nbsp; And they help with a problem I think thinkers&nbsp; like Jameson and Baudrillard run into.&nbsp; After reading them you have the&nbsp; impression that consumerism is one&nbsp;&nbsp; totalising thing thing, everything gets lumped&nbsp; in with it – everything is just consumed and all&nbsp;&nbsp; images and adverts and consumer goods are equally&nbsp; negative and equally alienating. It ignores that&nbsp;&nbsp; not all things are consumed ‘shallowly’, some are&nbsp; experienced, approached, and consumed with depth. I buy new cameras and microphones,&nbsp; books, a drone, clothes, new foods,&nbsp;&nbsp; seek new recipes and holidays – precisely because&nbsp; they bring me the opposite of depthlessness,&nbsp;&nbsp; they create depth in my life. So to finish,&nbsp; lets have look at how depth is created, but&nbsp;&nbsp; what the limits of this way of&nbsp; thinking in this way might be. Sassatelli argues that often, rather than&nbsp; simply consuming brainlessly, consumers are&nbsp;&nbsp; active in the act of consumption. They’re&nbsp; also often decodifying, reinterpreting, and&nbsp;&nbsp; criticizing the PR, adverts, and products&nbsp; they consume. We’re not just zombies,&nbsp;&nbsp; taken in by every advertising board we see. She writes that ‘consumption often consists&nbsp; in re-framing the meaning and uses of material&nbsp;&nbsp; culture by translating the purely commercial value&nbsp; of goods into other forms of value: affection,&nbsp;&nbsp; relationships, symbolism, status, normality, etc,’ She continues ‘recent studies of audiences and&nbsp; media consumption show that spectators actively&nbsp;&nbsp; de-codify messages and images, referring them&nbsp; to the context in which they are experienced,&nbsp;&nbsp; to their own social position,&nbsp; gender, life course, and so on.’ Take DIY. Yes, new tools and paints and furniture&nbsp; are advertised and sold to us, but they’re often&nbsp;&nbsp; decommodified, made personal, adapted, decorated&nbsp; and adorned with family photos or meaningful&nbsp;&nbsp; items. There is a ‘de-commoditized sphere’ in the&nbsp; home, or between friends, at events and online. We use musical instruments to create&nbsp; new, individual, unique music, we&nbsp;&nbsp; paint and discuss and trade on social&nbsp; media, we fill photo books, we give&nbsp;&nbsp; gifts – all of these things transcend the flatness&nbsp; of consumerism and bring in more personal, social,&nbsp;&nbsp; ethical, or transcendental ideals. In 1970, Baudrillard pointed to the typewriter&nbsp; that can write in 13 different fonts and a&nbsp;&nbsp; diction machine to record notes as examples of&nbsp; pointless gadgets. To me, these seem useful – I&nbsp;&nbsp; use different fonts to convey different ideas&nbsp; or emotional tone quickly – its another layer to&nbsp;&nbsp; language. And others find recording to remember&nbsp; important things easier than jotting them down. Sassatelli also points to how&nbsp; the Walkman was criticized when&nbsp;&nbsp; it was first released for representing&nbsp; ‘aleination, anomie, and atomization’&nbsp;&nbsp; despite listening to music on the go clearly&nbsp; also being representative of many other&nbsp;&nbsp; things – escape, heightened experience,&nbsp; resistance, creativity, energy. She also writes about the positive experience&nbsp; of connoissuership, of collectibles, of hobbies: ‘the pervasive allure of connoisseurship may be&nbsp; seen as having to do with mastering objects and&nbsp;&nbsp; demonstrating aestheticized detachment from&nbsp; them: by piling up a complex repertoire of&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge, the connoisseur finds&nbsp; a way to get close to commodities&nbsp;&nbsp; while distancing him or herself&nbsp; from their immediate hold.‘ Others have pointed to cinema, television,&nbsp; and image being deeper than is often assumed. In his book on Baudrillard, Adam Roberts&nbsp; writes that for Baudrillard Vietnam was&nbsp;&nbsp; ‘a war flattened and emptied out to a basic layer&nbsp; of violence, mixed in with popular culture and TV,&nbsp;&nbsp; accompanied in many people’s imagination&nbsp; by a soundtrack of 1960s pop-music.&nbsp;&nbsp; But the violence and death was not&nbsp; ‘hyper-real’ or ‘simulated’, it was real.’ My point is, in among the problems&nbsp; we’ve identified with consumer society,&nbsp;&nbsp; everywhere we look we can also find depth,&nbsp; meaning, usefulness, creativity, connection&nbsp;&nbsp; too. And we can apply this seeking after&nbsp; depth to our understanding of how things like&nbsp;&nbsp; supply chains work, what we think is&nbsp; unethical and ethical, what we want to support&nbsp;&nbsp; and avoid, what we want to push to regulate,&nbsp; organise against, and politically change.&nbsp;&nbsp; I think this is the opposite of&nbsp; depthlessness, the opposite of alienation. But am I being naive? Am I ignoring other&nbsp; issues? The breadth and scope of the problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; The addiction to new fashions, pointless&nbsp; new purchases, pollution or child labour? I guess, at least in part, what I’m arguing is&nbsp; that if you look at the consequences of your&nbsp;&nbsp; purchases in depth, if you think about the&nbsp; message, the result, the meaning in your own&nbsp;&nbsp; and other’s lives, then you can become&nbsp; an ethical consumer. Is this true? Even as that term ‘ethical consumption’ has&nbsp; become more popular, as we’ve become increasingly&nbsp;&nbsp; adware of the pitfalls of fast fashion and the&nbsp; environmental desegregation of consumption,&nbsp;&nbsp; Bottled water sales, to take&nbsp; just one simple example,&nbsp;&nbsp; have continued to rise and are projected&nbsp; to to so indefinitely. Palm oil – a major&nbsp;&nbsp; cause of deforestation - is still in half&nbsp; of packaged products. Fast fashion companies&nbsp;&nbsp; continue to pay below the minimum wage.&nbsp; Garment factories continue to burn down. But working out whether more conscious&nbsp; consumerism works at all is difficult to do. On the one hand, we continue to outsource to&nbsp; Bangladesh and see these tragedies that are&nbsp;&nbsp; the result of poor health and safety, terrible&nbsp; regulations, and labour practices, but at the&nbsp;&nbsp; same time, the ILO – the International Labour&nbsp; Organisation – says that child labour is down&nbsp;&nbsp; by a third since 2000. 61% of fashion companies&nbsp; have committed to using sustainable fabrics. That is, when there’s cultural&nbsp; pressure on manufacturers,&nbsp;&nbsp; on what we eat and wear there&nbsp; does appear to be some change. On the other hand, NorthWestern&nbsp; University professor Brayden King&nbsp;&nbsp; has argued boycotts have a negligible effect&nbsp; on a companies sales revenue. He says that the&nbsp;&nbsp; problem is “we can’t pay attention to&nbsp; any single controversy for very long.” Yes, we talk about the tragic Rana Plaze&nbsp; building collapse in Bangladesh in 2013 when&nbsp;&nbsp; 1134 died for a bit, but then&nbsp; we move on to the other things. Terry Hathaway at the LSE writes that ‘Even the&nbsp; most hyper-vigilant, well-informed shopper cannot&nbsp;&nbsp; know everything – the labour (and conditions),&nbsp; the tools (and the production of these tools),&nbsp;&nbsp; the raw materials (and their extraction), the&nbsp; energy, etc. – that goes into making even the most&nbsp;&nbsp; simple products. Instead, the consumer must buy in&nbsp; partial ignorance of all of the factors, primarily&nbsp;&nbsp; on the basis of those attributes that are the most&nbsp; conspicuous and, to some degree, based on trust.’ He continues ‘shopping at Whole Foods could be&nbsp; construed as support for higher welfare meat&nbsp;&nbsp; and organic agricultural methods,&nbsp; but it will equally support&nbsp;union&nbsp;&nbsp; busting,&nbsp;low wages&nbsp;for workers&nbsp; and&nbsp;right-wing libertarian politics.’ So here is the crux of it. Our consumer society&nbsp; is messy, complex; it both sustains us creatively&nbsp;&nbsp; and destroys the planet. So maybe it is a&nbsp; useless concept. I think we’re better off&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking about it in its original sense – to use&nbsp; up – as, not a noun that describes our soceity,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as a verb -as something we’re all doing. And&nbsp; like anything we do, there is a chain of activity,&nbsp;&nbsp; social and historical, environmental and economic&nbsp; – that supports the consumption and that we in&nbsp;&nbsp; turn support by consuming. Only by studying the&nbsp; understanding the issues in depth can we grapple&nbsp;&nbsp; with these problems. Thinking about regulation,&nbsp; changing the economic system, organising&nbsp;&nbsp; politically is a part of this depth – everyone’s&nbsp; interpretation of what to do will be different. For example, journalist Alden Wicker&nbsp; argues ethical consumption doesn’t work.&nbsp;&nbsp; We should instead donate some of&nbsp; the money we spend going greener&nbsp;&nbsp; on donations to NGOs and green politicians. And commentator Robert Reich has reminded&nbsp; us that when “you hear a company boast about&nbsp;&nbsp; how environmentally friendly it is, hold the&nbsp; applause. Under super-competitive capitalism—what&nbsp;&nbsp; I’ve termed ‘supercapitalism’—it’s&nbsp; naive to think corporations can or&nbsp;&nbsp; will sacrifice profits and shareholder&nbsp; returns in order to fight global warming.&nbsp;&nbsp; Firms that go green to improve their&nbsp; public relations, or cut their costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; or anticipate regulations are&nbsp; being smart, not virtuous.” So its important to approach this&nbsp; with a multifaceted attitude.&nbsp;&nbsp; Depth means more eyes on all the issues.&nbsp; Depth means engaging with the politics. Depth&nbsp;&nbsp; means exploring our own desires and beliefs&nbsp; vigilantly. Taking an issue – something we&nbsp;&nbsp; consume - and understanding the ramifications,&nbsp; something I want to try to apply next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThenNow [388 likes]: Script & sources at: https://www.thenandnow.co/2023/03/21/our-consumer-society/

► Sign up for the newsletter to get concise digestible summaries: https://www.thenandnow.co/the-newsletter/
► Why Support Then & Now? https://www.patreon.com/user/about?u=3517018
  2. @lindatallon9217: Humans were designed to CREATE not CONSUME........the MATRIX CORPORATE AMERICA KILLS ANY CREATIVITY.....people are filling the VOID.....
  3. @raimondwhite965: Life is pretty much the only renewable resource, you can consume food water and wood, and it can be replaced so long as you understand the life cycle, In this sense, like Evolution, you will find that life can overcome the Theory of Entropy.
  4. @EvaSobolevski: Perhaps depth is a passing phenomenon? Surely, our hunter - gatherer forefathers, while not lacking the capability for, nevertheless lacked certain cognitive and psychological depth? Why then shouldn't our children enjoy less fraught existence? Maybe what you call "depth" is just 20th century neurosis? 🤔
  5. @MatthewBrown-r5k: The background music adds so much to these videos. I usually don’t notice it much but it shows how much work is put into these. Thank you for the video
  6. @Sch1sMx: 51:25 but i can run any game from the GB, NES/famicom and playstation to switch, ps4 and sometimes even pc games on my not iphone. i win when im in the waiting room with no service.
  7. @onebleachpiece956: This video brings up a lot of new ways of looking at life I never considered before. It really opens your eyes
  8. @transgirl_computer_faery: holy fuck its been 3 years already
  9. @melaniejaaaade: This has helped me fall asleep for the past year
  10. @commentspae: telling this to youtube won't work because youtube is full of hypocrites lol
  11. @michaelm4725: Everything is intentionally made to break. I've worked in production and my boss actually told me this. This is how they make us buy the same thing over and over again, and the taxes go along with every purchase, so the government loves it. I use free Linux and own no I-phone. And I do NOT buy stuff I don't need. That right there is the a nightmare to the Plutocratic (rich) population. Why you need 100 houses? Elon Musk actually manufactures complexity which compromises reliability, efficiency, and safety. I know what's going on "Uncle Sham".
  12. @MsWaggydog: I noticed recently that I seem to be the only one in the supermarket walking around with a shopping list. I understand that not everyone uses paper lists anymore, but I don't see people checking their phones either (just talking on them!) Am I the odd one out?
  13. @bizsavingstv: great documentary
  14. @theodoremaravanyika643: Sweet documentary, however consumerism does not alienate it creates the ephemeral and continous in the social bonds.
  15. @theodoremaravanyika643: Of the 150000 art gallaries if I heard correct, how much are fed by an academic background. Those with that as input I would love to develop the rhetoric to support.
  16. @bkf042980: I love these videos made by real people. I wish there was a way to filter out the AI generated ones from my algorithm.
  17. @hannahboebanna: 37:58 impeccably placed organic cough for emphasis
  18. @CotTran-ig5fj: Well... Wall-E
  19. @olakvernenestkje7332: The consumer consumes this video
  20. @GenderedEconomics: TAKK, focuses on simplifying the product choice and fighting overconsumption in beauty industry! For them less is more 🍀You can find the story of TAKK and how it creates change in the industry in our first Plethora of Change Episode. Especially interesting for people interested in sustainability, ethical marketing and beauty care industry😇

- Do Social Media Influencers actually affect consumers?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] i know a lot of friends of mine if they see someone wearing xyz they want to get the same thing i follow people and then i'm like oh my god i want that and i want that and i spend way more i need to get rid of instagram because that is the worst if i love a brand and i see an influencer who i know i will buy from it but if i see like a random influencer with a random brand i won't i'm a bit old for social media influencers however i did buy this mascara today because of a social media influencer so they go so i'm not i'm not immune to this to the influences i try to avoid the kind of more mainstream like ex-love island people personally like pretty little thing boohoo it's like brands that i 100 avoid the one that's come to mind only because we were talking about it this morning um in uni was the whole um pretty little thing kind of move to hire molly may those clothes when they've been reviewed are completely different to how they looked online and on her i'm gonna be wise about my decisions and not go out and spend all this crazy money because i've seen it online but there's a part of me that's like oh hmm like i could try that out but then i think like the sensible part of my brain like overpowers that and like no that's a ridiculous purchase you don't need that let's say you look at a platform like instagram for example obviously you've got instagram shopping channels so you can literally directly shop from a feed you can literally be like oh let me tap on the photo there's the description click on it and it goes straight to the consumer purchase page right that really is a good way to get people to buy online and also seeing the way that people wear things for example let's say it's clothes you might see someone you like wearing something nice and you're like oh this looks really cool i want it social media is basically a trend like social media has always had an impact on the world we live in today especially because everything is so well connected so you're able to see the latest shoes the latest jackets the latest this and that is that but the crazy thing about it is you're able to see your favorite people in those things as well i definitely feel distrustful of influences so you know i think they do get better versions of clothes especially if it's these brands like pretty little thing and like boohoo and all of that kind of stuff maybe have they even tried the products before they're selling them are they just doing this for a paycheck not because they actually enjoy the products so i am very wary for sure

  Top Comments:
  1. @bisulpenyu [4 likes]: wow subconsciously I'm very crazy about social media that can influence me to buy something, well we have something in common LOL
  2. @whoissnooze [3 likes]: How can we get rid of those sellfluencers?
  3. @Ravshanbek04: I'm agree, social media role in shopping is crucial and it depends on people desire to purchase as well, after the advertisement because there usally prices are given
  4. @OmonWork: I do agree with this statement, actually that's the reason we see people dressed up like twins more often these days.  I guess it is bad because we are losing diversity in our society and uniqueness and copying one particular person
  5. @IronEra01: No they do not but they used to because i have received some products with bad quality and i lost my trust and nowadays i personally check the quality first and then buy that product it is not always as they have showed
  6. @ielts_withdiyorbek: Absolutely. It is influnecing me how to buy or choose clothes while i am on the social media. Because i do not have enough time to choose or buy things offline.
Diyorbek
  7. @kath_nold: Social media does influence people into impulse buying. Luckily I'm broke to afford following these trends:D
  8. @AnietieEmmanuel-qg7is: Thanks for the explanation Ma'am, I'll definitely check it out. 

Have you heard of #Reef Chain? Its the next big thing on the crypto space now. It has a 💯 x potential and has been Bullish ever since launch.

- The importance of studying consumer behavior: Kind: captions Language: en Okay, let's do this. Today, I'm going to teach you what consumer behavior is. First of all, it is defined as the area of research within the field of marketing that focuses on how consumers acquire, use, and dispose of goods, services, time, and ideas. Consumers can be individuals, families, or other groups such as teams and companies. Let's try to understand the importance of studying consumer behavior. Suppose you need a new phone. How would you go about satisfying this need? Where would you turn to for information? How would you set your budget? Where would you buy the phone? These are just some decisions consumers face on a regular basis. Interestingly, each consumer will answer these questions differently based on their backgrounds and some psychological factors. For a company that makes phones, the answers to these questions will help them know the types of phones to design, the price consumers are willing to pay, and where they should sell their phones. It is very important to understand how consumers make decisions because the best way to create and keep customers is to understand what motivates their consumption decisions and anticipate their consumption needs. Only this way, companies can design products, services, and offers that will make their customers happy. [Applause] [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @f_floopnblackbob38 [45 likes]: Anyone have to watch this for school?
  2. @emvIyxo [34 likes]: me & my homies gotta watch this for school 😼
  3. @TheMikado [3 likes]: Guys, is this gonna be on the exam?
  4. @bewinsisuru8913 [2 likes]: Me watching this for tomorrow Uni exam on Buyer behavior and relationship
  5. @rickwerd-d4y [2 likes]: Good overview of the core concepts! It would be interesting to see how these principles are evolving with the rise of digital marketing and e-commerce. Perhaps a follow-up video exploring that could be valuable for today's students.
  6. @rinreborn7364 [2 likes]: watch this for my school, nothing similar to my textbook. Gain nothing, fuck
  7. @voltairepabustan [2 likes]: Thank you for sharing!
  8. @sirishac2128 [2 likes]: Sirisha C
  9. @JenniferRose-e9s [1 likes]: Informative.
  10. @Phillmatic [1 likes]: toyota or lexus?
  11. @thepropheticcorner [1 likes]: Awesome Information
  12. @mdsharifulislam3752 [1 likes]: good
  13. @juaninabillion7223 [1 likes]: This is a bunch of crap! Yes before with the older generation and up to the baby boomers, But the younger and semi younger (40 & below) mostly just stupidly spend with zero thought!
  14. @ClaudineKuipers: It was very instructive
  15. @DeannaRamirez-c8e: I really appreciate your efforts! Could you help me with something unrelated: I have a okx with USDT, and I have the 12word phrases: ( host hair point assault nominee walk plate focus idea analyst metal liberty). What's the way to send them to Binance?
  16. @raeadrianarevalo8739: the background is so distracting
  17. @fatmamacit9814: Selin hocam harikasınız 💕💕💞💓💖💞💓💕💖💞
  18. @bashbash7340: انيل مفهمت شي 😂😂😂😭
  19. @mdsharifulislam3752: very nice
  20. @nayanaavisruta3887: Nayanaa. M. Visruta

- The Art of Exclusivity: How Luxury Brands Create Desire: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to Savi preneurship where we dive deep into the world of business strategies today we're pulling back the curtain on the fascinating tactics luxury brands use to maintain their Allure and exclusivity let's explore how artificial scarcity and selective selling practices benefit these high-end Brands so let's get to it [Music] luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're selling dreams status and exclusivity to maintain this Aura they employ clever tactics that go beyond simple supply and demand let's look at two strategies artificial scarcity and selective selling artificial scarcity is when Brands deliberately limit the availability of their products even when they could produce more this creates a perception of Rarity and increases desire examples birken bags is the master of artificial scarcity they've made their Birkin bags so elusive that you can't simply walk into a store and buy one there's a mysterious waiting list and the company claims they don't know when new stock will arrive this strategy has turned the biring bag into a status symbol with some models selling over $300,000 in the resale Market Rolex watches Rolex limits the production of their most popular models such as the Daytona and sub Marner this creates long waiting lists and D drives up prices in the secondary Market Supreme this streetware brand releases limited quantities of products once a week their items often sell out in minutes creating a frenzy among fans some luxury Brands go a step further by only selling their top tier products to clients with a substantial purchase history this practice rewards loyal customers creates an air of exclusivity and encourages more spending to reach the Inner Circle examples of this are Ferrari this illustrious brand is notorious for Selective selling practices to buy their most exclusive models like the La Ferrari you need a history of Ferrari ownership you must be invited by the company and sometimes you need to own multiple Ferraris the retired comedian and Avid car collector Jay Leno was once asked why he refuses to purchase a new Ferrari and he responded by saying that Ferrari dealership experience is like visiting a dominatrix two to be offered a Birkin or Kelly bag clients often need to build a relationship with a sales associate and have a significant purchase history with the brand why do Luxury brands use these type of tactics well they do so to maintain exclusivity by limitting access Brands preserve their Exclusive Image to create desire scarcity makes products more desirable as the saying goes we want what we can't have control brand image by choosing who can buy their products Brands can ensure their items are associated with the right people to drive up prices scarcity allows Brands to charge premium prices and resist discounting to generate Buzz limited availability creates talking points and free publicity and to encourage loyalty the promise of access to exclusive products keeps customers coming back these tactics benefit luxury Brands as follows one Higher profit margins scarcity justifies higher prices leading to better profits two brand value preservation by avoiding oversaturation Brands maintain the prestige three customer lifetime value selective selling encourages repeated high value purchases four secondary Market control scarcity drives up resale prices indirectly benefiting the Brand's perceived value and five marketing efficiency the Mystique created reduces the need for traditional advertising while these tactics might seem frustrating to Consumers they're incredibly effective for luxury Brands by skillfully manipulating Supply and access these companies create an aura of exclusivity that keeps their products highly desirable and valuable it's worth noting that this strategy isn't without risks Brands must balance exclusivity with accessibility to avoid alienating potential customers or creating too much frustration for entrepreneurs there are valuable lessons here about creating perceived value managing Supply in building Customer Loyalty While most businesses can't adopt these exact tactics understanding the psychology behind them can inform your own marketing and sales strategies thanks for watching if you found this breakdown of luxury brand tactics insightful please give this video a like subscribe and share with fellow entrepreneurs this will help me grow the channel also share your thoughts on these strategies in the comments below until the next episode keep your business sense sharp your entrepreneurial Spirit strong and above all stay savvy

  Top Comments:
  1. @paulveba6225: Excellent video

- The Psychology of Premium Branding: Kind: captions Language: en Why do some brands just feel so premium? You see, we all had the same feeling. We go into a store, we see a product, and we instantly think that must be expensive. Premium brands like Nike or Ralph Lauren or Lululemon or others have mastered more than good design. They've actually mastered how to advertise in a way that makes you want to pay 10 times the price for a certain product. So, how do these premium brands make you want to pay 10 times the price? You see, these brands have spent billions trying to crack the human brain and understand customer psychology. The same timeless principles that these brands use, I've been using them to scale over 50 plus e-commerce stores in the past 5 years, running campaigns that have generated millions of dollars for all the brands that we worked with. And in this video, I'll break down the core principles for premium advertising. We'll go through timeless campaigns to today's social media landscape and how you can use the same psychology to position your brand as a premium business, command higher prices, and create a category of one. You see, when you take a look at the world's most prestigious premium brands, you find out that they're kind of scattered in terms of industry. You've got German car companies, you've got fine Italian clothing brands, you've got premium coffee brands. They all look different on the surface. Yet, we all agree that they are all premium. The common denominator that all of these businesses have is that they can command higher prices. And that's because when you strip away the logos and the trends, what you find is timeless principles that are used and reused and reused to cultivate that premium feeling. So there's three main principles that all premium brands share. One of them, the most important one is exclusivity. You see, there's something inherently magical about exclusive items. It's a feeling of owning something that not everyone can own. And you see, exclusivity is not scarcity. It's more about creating a narrative. It's more about creating a story around the product that elevates that product beyond its functional value. And what happens is the product itself becomes secondary. The ownership, the status, the story, the luxury of it, everything that isn't the product is the most important factor that makes it more desirable. Some of the most recognized brands of all time have been applying this principle for decades. To get a grasp of one of the best examples, we need to go back to 1929 and look at Packard Motor Company. At the height of the 20th century, the automobile market was dominated by mass market manufacturers like Chevrolet and Ford. What happened is cars became more and more affordable, leaving little space to competitors and so brands like Packard Motor Company were threatened to become irrelevant. And so this company led by Henry Joy took a very bold counterintuitive approach. They launched a campaign for discriminating clientele and the goal was to speak to a very niche subsegment of the market that was valuing craftsmanship. The story behind the car, how it was made, the features, the benefits, all the luxury that was in it by using a very specific messaging pattern. What happened is Packard was appealing to the elites and these elites represented a very unique space in a crowded market. The campaign obviously was a major success and Packard is now remembered as one of the first companies to position a business or a brand, not just as the product that it sells, but as the story and the prestige that it embodies. So exclusivity isn't about making your product scarce or telling people that it's out of stock. It actually comes from noticing that your product is actually better than the competition, but from an angle that hasn't been used before, that is kind of unique. A great example comes from Madmen where Don Draper is working on a campaign that's the Lucky Strike campaign. Despite increasing the skepticism and the backlash from the public about tobacco and its health issues, they reposition the product as premium by emphasizing a unique quality. >> Everybody else's tobacco is poisonous. Lucky Strikes is toasted. >> And this subtle reframing essentially allowed customers and the crowd to identify this product as a premium luxury product rather than just another cigarette. But exclusivity is not alone. Remember, we have three principles. If you only speak to how exclusive your product is, you're not going to get the impact that you're trying to go for. The product must also speak to who the customer is, their aspirations, their goals, their vision, their values, their principles. Everything about them needs to be identified and condensed into the product. So, the second principle is identification. Exclusivity, it gets the attention, but what keeps the attention locked in is identity. You see, premium brands don't just sell a product. They sell a reflection of who the customer thinks they are and they double down on that story to emphasize the identity that the product creates in the customer. You see, premium brands understand that when a customer buys an expensive product, they're not just buying an expensive product. They are consciously and willingly signaling something about themselves. So, in other words, think about the product becoming the mirror of who the customer is. So, by the 1950s, Chanel Numero Sank was a product that was a premium product. However, new products started coming and flooding the shelves. There was also a shift in customer behavior because women were becoming increasingly independent and looking for products that reflected that confidence and sophistication. And so, Chanel faced a problem that many premium brands face is how do you maintain desiraability without diluting exclusivity and reach out to a broader audience. What they did was actually genius because instead of thinking about any product features or highlighting the ingredients or highlighting this about the product or this specific thing, they thought about how to position their product to appeal to the identity of who they were selling it to. And they launched one of their most famous campaigns. Every woman alive adors Chanel Numero and this was extremely bold at the time, but it was genius. every single level of society at the time aspired to be someone that could afford this product. And so it created this insane demand for this specific product because their campaign positioned the fragrance as a symbol of elegance, femininity, and sophistication. And so appealing to your customers means that you are reflecting the traits that customers aspire to see in themselves. You're painting a picture of who they want to become as a person, and you're positioning your product as the vehicle or the bridge between their situation and where they want to go. Knowing who your customer is and reflecting that back through your product to make them feel as though they they need to belong to your club is an amazing amazing strategy that you can use um within your products as well. However, if you want to take it to the next level, we're going to talk about the third principle, which is essentially how to tell a good story. Because exclusivity gets the attention, it makes people desire a product. Identity makes them tie their sense of of who they are into that specific product. But storytelling is what makes your brand unforgettable. And so the three tied together, it creates the perfect storm to unleash unfathomable scale for your company. You see, storytelling isn't about creative logos or creative visuals or whatever. It's about connecting your product. It's about creating a story. It's about it's about creating a narrative around your product that connects the product itself with your customer and who they aspire to be. It's about creating a story that connects the product with the brand with the consumer's life. And so what normally is a rather casual act of just purchasing a product becomes an experience that is embedded with emotion, meaning and memory. And you see timeless premium brands have understood this and have been applying this for decades now. They understand that across industries and eras, the most effective marketing campaigns, the most effective portrayal of a product is really when you invite the customer to be a part of the story you're creating. And you base that story based on who they are as a person and who they aspire to be creating an experience and inviting them to be in an exclusive club. So by the mid200s, Nespresso was facing a similar challenge. Espresso faced a classic challenge for any premium brand. Coffee was everywhere. Espresso machines were becoming common. The product itself was functional. But how do you differentiate yourself? How do you make it feel like it's a more sophisticated and more luxury and more premium product? Well, Nespresso understood that they needed more than the tasty pod or an effective machine or a good machine. They understood that they were not in the market of selling coffee. They needed to shift to selling a story, a story that everyone wanted to be a part of. The solution, George Culin. Who else do you need? And so what they did is they cast George Clooney as the face of the brand. Someone who was sophisticated, witty, good-looking, a discerning coffee lover, someone that embodied the lifestyle that Nespresso wanted to communicate. And so Clooney wasn't just like your regular celebrity actor or just someone with a with a pretty face. He was literally the embodiment of the story Nespresso wanted to create. He was a symbol of the aspirations of the typical consumer of coffee. And so and so that's why every single commercial was extremely attractive. It was a story. It wasn't just an ad. You were looking at a story, an embodiment of what you wanted out of your life. And you were watching it live on TV. And the slogan, what else? Wasn't just another slogan. It was simple. It was memorable. And it reinforced the idea that Nespresso wasn't just a choice. It was a conscious decision for those who appreciate refinement and the good things in life. Look, these three fundamental principles have not changed. They're still there and they're still being used and used and used and used. And so what used to work on billboards and print ads and TV commercials is now being applied on social media. And today's premium brands still rely on these three principles to position themselves as the only solution for the sophisticated buyer. But the way they deliver those ideas has evolved. The first example, Lululemon. Lululemon doesn't do limited editions as much as it does limited experience. The Sweat Life campaign invited only brand ambassadors, loyal customers, and people that belong to the Lululemon family to really show their lifestyle. Effectively saying, "This is a club you join, not a discount that you get." When it comes to identity, owning Lululemon says a lot about you as a person. It tells people that you're a high performer or an aspiring high performer and that you are mindful. And so, the videos that you see, these aren't models or people that are faking it just for the sake of the ad. They're yoga teachers, runners, community leaders. These people embody who the customer aspires to be. And it makes the customer see themselves as part of that tribe. Tribe that is fit, healthy, disciplined, and balanced. They're not your typical static ads or your typical buy this get one free, whatever. They're really about showing the lifestyle. They're mini documentaries, usually 15 to 30 seconds, and they show people in their routines. They show someone in their morning run. They show someone meditating, someone training, and it really puts the perspective of the customer because now they see the product as being part of a certain lifestyle rather than just the product for what it is, which is a garment. Represent clothing is another example that is very valuable to analyze. Represent built its business by drops. So, they don't stock forever. They drop. Once it's gone, it's gone. And so, that's a great tactic for built-in exclusivity. When it comes to identity, it is a clear bias that they took when it comes to portraying who the brand is for and who it isn't for. You can see the visuals, the founders story, the YouTube channel, the documentaries, all the content that they put out is for a specific segment of the market and they set out to dominate that segment of the market. And so they are hyperfocused and hyper aware of who they want to convert into a buyer. Their social ads are just stories being told. And you see the founders really involved in um just showing the lifestyle and really embodying that lifestyle and being the beacon uh that shows customers what the brand is for. And so it creates that narrative that customers just love and want to be a part of. And that's really really powerful storytelling. So seeing all of these brands like Lululemon and represent how they weave exclusivity and identity and storytelling into their ads, it makes one thing very very clear. Premium ads are not about the visual. They're about creating a world where your customers want to step into. So the real question is, how do you take all of this theory and you extract all of these principles and you apply them in real life? How do you apply them to your own products? That's the real question. And we have a threestep process that we personally use for premium brands that premium brands that want to portray themselves as premium or brands that aspire to be premium brands and that need help to really just craft their strategy and their positioning. We have a three-step process. It's very very simple. So the first thing the foundational step is research and psychology mapping. It's what I call psychology mapping because essentially what you want to create is you want to create a clear picture of the psychological breakdown or the psychological profile of who your customer is and you want to understand what are their triggers when it comes to recognizing exclusivity. I might go to someone and they might see a um a watch, a luxury watch like for example a PC Philippe with some crazy complications that you know a watch maker spent thousands of hours making. However, they might care about something else. And so we need to understand what does exclusive mean to the customers. And so we create an aspirational identity for every single customer segment. We understand that, you know, we've got people that are not aware of anything that's going on when it comes to your product and we've got people that are very aware of your product. They're very aware of how it compares to your competitors. And so, we need to understand what your customers value. That's the first step. The main challenge then is to identify kind of the mood of your social ads because ads by essence have to be a little bit more aggressive than your organic content or your uh typical publication that just isn't conversion driven. it needs to be conversiondriven. Okay? And so what that means is you're going to be selling at some point or you're going to weave some selling um you know psychology in it to encourage a certain decision. Now when we do that we cannot waver from the direction that you sent out with your business. Like for example you know if Lululemon just starts blasting you know 40% off 50% off 60% off like all these crazy discount offers um you know every single month that will tarnish their brand in the long term it's not good. short term they might make a few sales sure but in the long term it'll hurt their brand identity. Okay. So we need to make sure that we identify the marketing vector that is going to be consistent throughout every single ad that we launch. And so once we do that once we have that marketing vector we need to see and set a spectrum of ad variance that we're going to use so that we have the latitude of testing as many ads as possible. But we also want to understand that not every single format or not every single concept of an ad is going to resonate with customers. And so we need to create this matrix if you will. I call it a spectrum. Just essentially saying no to certain things because it's not on brand per se and identifying where we can have the latitude in testing. And so we need to create a balance between the marketing vector that we set out and the creative testing framework. And that's a logistical problem essentially. The other thing is optimizing for performance. So essentially when you start launching campaigns, what you need to understand is you're not just going to look at purchases, okay? You're going to look at fundamental metrics that tell you how your story is doing. You know, your hook rate, your video hold rate, click-through rate. Obviously, there's also your retention. If you do cohort analysis, and you want to see exactly if people are coming back, especially if you're in fashion and you've got people coming back, that's a great sign that you're really weaving that storytelling and that identity and people are just resonating with your brand. That's a good signal. And so when you're optimizing for performance, you don't always want to be rorowaz, rorowaz, rorowaz or purchases, purchases, purchases. Yes, that's very important obviously, but you also want to take into account the bigger picture. You want to understand, okay, how is your brand scaling? Not just your revenue, how is your brand actually scaling, your brand equity? Are you converting new people into the ecosystem? Right? That's the question you need to ask yourself. We did it very well. We've uh been helping a brand called Slate Swim, which is a a premium swimwear brand based in LA. And we've been helping them for the past four years. And it's essentially this evolution. How can we know our customers better than they know themselves so we can show them a story that attracts them? How can we then set a marketing vector that is consistent but doesn't really constrain us in how much um we can test and which formats and which ads and data points are we going to take a look at to evaluate performance. And so for this brand for example, we took them from literally zero to seven figures in sales and taking them to multiple seven figures in the next few months. So that's the process of really understanding how to position your brand into a premium player in your industry and just carve a category of one. If you want me and my team to implement this process for you, you can book a call by going into the first link in the description. You'll be speaking with me and we'll see if this process is a good fit for you. Because at the end of the day, premium ads are about creating a feeling in your customer. It's not about getting the sale. It's really about getting the sale, but also doing it in a way that creates a feeling that makes them come back. If you take anything from this video, let it be this. Exclusivity makes people want your product. Identity makes them see themselves in it. And storytelling makes them remember you. And so, when you combine all of these timeless principles, your brand is essentially going to be attracting customers at will that it can service. And so I want you to ask yourself this question right now. What world am I creating for my customers? And why would they even care to be a part of it? Hope you enjoyed the video. I'll see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @omareddaoudi795 [63 likes]: Thanks for watching! If you want to grow your Ecom brand, I specialise in scaling brands to 7+ figures. Let's talk 🚀 https://www.ogrowthlabs.com/schedule-a-call/?el=PsychologyAdvertising&htrafficsource=youtube
Join my free community: https://www.skool.com/the-scaling-lab-8748/about
  2. @azy_242 [1 likes]: 16:43 that’s da real marketing
  3. @Sanakhan-oe8ks: unfirgettable ? i still forget names of my fav luxury brands  thanks to my adhd!!!!!!
  4. @parasjoshi570: Thank you.
  5. @MustafaGokcegozoglu: Perfect video for marketing interns. Thanks a lot!
  6. @rudxde: You are talking about luxury, premium is above average but still gives you more value for your money, luxury gives you also more value but for extremely more money.

Look at cars, a mid Mercedes or Bmw are really good cars which are just higher quality and a bit more expensive than a regular car. A Bentley, Rolls Royce etc are luxury cars.

With premium there are logical arguments why you could need it with luxury it's just feeling.
  7. @theworldthen: thank you for this timeless piece of Gold. Im trying to build a creative service brand and this video has given me a lot of insights
  8. @AB-12345: Are you Muslim?
  9. @Mr.HarryWild: Ferrari Luce for example?😁🤡
  10. @NextDecadeFiles: Very useful and well edited video. Respect mate
  11. @gia.experiments: Great video thank you🤗
  12. @SelfMotivation-d4v: Premium brands r just overrated ngl they are only popular because some influencer makes a vid about it then people try to be a part of it
  13. @noagabrile93: bro your community skool isn't free as you said in description "Join my free community:"
  14. @mohit.choraria: bro i was wathcing the last part in puboic
  15. @LEVera0: You got me to subscribe within the first 30 seconds!
  16. @PNART-RSA: I just recently started my own brand. This information is so helpful
  17. @aqualifestylefreedom3624: Great explanation!
  18. @jessetech4you: I have never view Nike as a premium brand
  19. @Nexoraonyt: Premium thumbnail.
Premium presentation.
Premium editing.
  20. @PithyParadigm: you can't put lululemon and premium in the same sentence, sorry

- How to Reduce Cost Per Purchase for Meta Ads (Proven Fixes That Work): Kind: captions Language: en How to reduce cost per purchase for meta advertising. [Music] Reducing cost per purchase is definitely one important way for us to increase rorowes. But there are many other things that we can do to improve your overall sales. Right? Like what the other day I was just talking to a client. Is there any way that we can kind of bundle things together and immediately we boosted the rorowes by quite a margin? like we used to get about five rorowes immediately we start getting about seven and eight row why because we are selling bigger basket instead of selling something that is lower I mean there are many things that you can do let me give you some example here if you want to increase your OS or reduce your cost per result I mean like I said cost per result is one thing right but I'm sorry I got distracted so I just want to share with you this idea no how do we do that was we give a voucher for people to buy you know like it's a like for example $10 voucher when you spend $100 so usually people just spend about $50 $60. So we get them to spend $100 and we get a 10% discount. That immediately increased our basket and that immediately boosted our ROS. So it did not reduce the cost per purchase. But anyway, so just just an idea. So how can we reduce cost per purchase? Now in fact the best way is if you want to reduce your cost per purchase, we can actually start from a very beginning which is the ad creative. So if you have better CTR, say for example, if your CTR is 0.5% for example and you're getting your cost per purchase as about like many maybe $10 for example per sale. So if I'm able to increase the CTR from let's say now at 0.5% if I'm able to boost it to 0.75%. For example, meaning I introduce different creative you know and and I I I you know I use different better promotion or better bait and you know I get more people to click on the ad. So yeah, so immediately I improve the CTR by 50%. Okay. Do you think I can potentially get I mean immediately I get 50 50% more clicks. 50. All right. 50% more clicks going into your website. Do you think I can potentially get 50% more add to cut? Okay. Now maybe I don't want to be that ambitious. I will get 30% more. Okay. And I will get 30% more ad to cut. Maybe 20% more sales. So immediately I get more sales when I'm spending the same amount of money. Okay. To attract different number of people who click on it. So immediately my cost per result will drop. It's a science. It's not complicated. So it's really about finding things to fix. So if the ad is the problem, fix the ad would actually help you get better result. That's for sure. Lower cost per result. But of course, we can look at other things like for example, if you have a lot of people adding to but they are not converting. Adding a retargeting campaign is definitely going to be useful for you. I mean regardless whether you have a lot of add to cut or not, e-commerce campaign, you must have a retargeting campaign. Meaning you want to follow those people who have added to cart in the last seven days or even visit your website in the last seven days to serve them a different ad to maybe give them some voucher, some promotion or even just remind them about your product would definitely help you get more sales almost instantly. So this is how you can reduce your cost per result. But like I said, as I already illustrated to you, there are many different tiny little things in the whole funnel that we can identify. So if you've been running ads on Facebook and Instagram or meta and you want to kind of like find better way to reduce your cost per result whether it's cost per purchase or cost per lead in what manner u we can have a lot of things to you know we to look into in the analytics and data to help us make decisions. So if you need somebody to look into your data to give you quickly a diagnosis about what's going on, you know, what are the things that is leaking right here and how can we fix that, um, scan this QR code, book a 30-minut zoom call with me and pay for it. It's immediately you can actually do that and we can dive into it right away. You and I over Zoom call, please be ready to share your screen so we can look into the number. I'll build you a dashboard and we will analyze together and I'll build a plan that these are the things that we can do pop and hopefully we can change the outcome in a very meaningful way. Okay, scan this QR code. I look forward to work with you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JasonGan: ⚠ EMERGENCY AD FIX? STOP WASTING MONEY NOW! Get a direct 1:1 strategy session with me to solve your campaign's biggest block instantly. 

🔥 1. QUICK FIX (30-Min Zoom): Solve your ad problem today. 
➡ BOOK HERE: https://jasongan.link/audit

🎁 2. FREE TRAINING: Access my Meta Ads Masterclasses. 
➡ ACCESS FREE MASTERCLASSES: https://jasongan.link/freetraining

📈 3. FULL COACHING: Ready to hire a partner? Apply for the weekly 1:1 coaching program. 
➡ APPLY NOW: https://jasongan.link/fbadscoaching

- Meta Ads Insider Exposes How The Algorithm ACTUALLY Works: Kind: captions Language: en Andromeda, Gem, and Lattice were the biggest Facebook algorithm changes that I have ever seen. Today, I sat down for the last 25 minutes with a Meta executive who was responsible for these massive algorithm changes. So, in this video and interview, I was able to ask my most personal questions on how the algorithm has changed, how we should be thinking about it from Meta's perspective, not just what's in their white papers, not just what they tell us publicly, but a true behind-the-scenes understanding of the internal people who have actually built the algorithm themselves. Matt Steiner, welcome in. How are you? >> I'm doing well, thank you. Great to be here. I appreciate you having me on the show. >> There's a lot of questions that I want to ask you today. You have a pretty major role on the Meta side of things and specifically in the realm of known things like Andromeda and the algorithm in general, which has a million questions. I could have asked so much to you today, but what I really wanted to focus on was a group of questions that I think are going to be most impactful to selfishly some of the brands that I work with and also ideally a lot of people that are watching this right now. There's a lot of confusion on the algorithm. There's a lot of confusion on what goes on. Can you just tell the world what you've done on your side on the Meta end, what you do, what you're responsible for, cuz I think people being able to hear the answers from the source is is very rare and in your case going to be pretty unique. >> Great. Yeah, thanks. Happy to. So, my name is Matt Steiner and I support monetization infrastructure, ranking, and foundational AI at Meta. This is effectively the set of systems that are retrieving which ads can be ranked for a person that shows up and then ranking those ads, trying to pick the best ad that will both maximize the value for advertising partners as well as deliver the best experience for the people who are seeing the ad, really trying to match people to their interests and products and services that they will love. >> Which is a good segue to say this is what people have known to be this is Andromeda, right? In a way. So, I want to actually ask you that question. What is Andromeda? Why was it built? And how is it impacting advertisers so far from what you've seen? >> Yeah, it's a great question. So, when you think about ranking for advertising, the first step is to select the ads that are candidates to be shown for the person who's appeared on a meta property and there's an ad slot to fill. That is where Andromeda comes in. Andromeda is our retrieval system that's been co-designed, the hardware, the software, and the machine learning model to optimize performance for retrieval and specifically personalized retrieval. With the rise of generative AI tooling, advertisers have created a lot more creatives, whether that's creative backgrounds or creative copy and mixing them all together in large number of variations. That kind of Cambrian explosion of creatives made that retrieval problem much more difficult for our advertising system. There were just so many more ads to consider when determining which ones to rank. So, we built Andromeda, which is a much more capable hardware system powered by Nvidia GPUs on a custom hardware skew, plus a machine learning model that is tailored to work really well on that hardware system, and the hardware system was selected to work really well with the model. So, we can maximize the performance in personalizing which ads to show for you. Cuz if you think about ad retrieval, a bunch of advertisers are going to try to target me with an ad, but not every advertiser that tries to target me with an ad has a product that I'm interested in. My interests are a subset of the advertisers who've targeted me with their products. And so, Andromeda is really the sophisticated hardware and machine learning model that selects of the advertisers who've targeted products at me, which ones am I most likely to be interested in. And then those progress further to the ranking stage, which is where you hear about our investments in the generative ads ranking model gem and the adaptive ranking model which we just started discussing a couple weeks ago. >> Yeah, cool. I want to hear a bit more about gem as well, but I have a question on on the Andromeda side or maybe even like a summation of things as keeping it as simple as possible, right? Like people started making more ads, a lot more ads, right? People went down the route of essentially saying, "Hey, we have something that works. Let's go make 20 versions of it." Not old school. I remember the days you'd have one ad and you'd just smash it. You'd spend as much money as possible against it. And I think that that shifted naturally. There's reasons for that, right? We see less fatigue on on ads when we do that and we see more scale when we actually have more variations of ads. I think there's a misconception. I know you're not totally tuned in on the creative side of but I do think there is a misconception that now in this Andromeda era that building iterations and and building versions of good ads doesn't work. And what I hear from what you've just said, which is perfectly described of you know, what I've read and and understood is that it's not about you can't build variations, it's just that they're going to literally be retrieved and perceived by the meta algorithm in a different way. >> That's a good description. I think the way the Andromeda system would look at this is if you create 25 versions of an ad, maybe only three of those would be appealing to me potentially and a bunch of them may not be appealing to me because of the types of content that I look at, because of the backgrounds that it appears on, whether the color matches, the specific context that the ad appears in. So, a particular subset of those is going to be relevant to me. Not all of the creatives that you've created variations for may be relevant to me. And Andromeda is going to retrieve the ones that are most likely to perform for me. And some of the ones that will perform for me may not perform for you and some of the ones that perform for you may not perform for me. Um so, as a result, Andromeda is selecting the most likely candidates. It's good to have a reasonable candidate set of ads creatives for Andromeda to consider across your various audiences. at the same time. Creating a an extremely large number of them probably isn't going to help you more than having a reasonable diversity of ads. >> That is the part that I'm so happy you just mentioned, right? Like creative diversity doesn't mean that you have like all these like crazy different ads all over the place. Some that are, you know, built for for one avatar and some built for a totally different avatar that has nothing to do with your brand. And I think people get that so confused these days. And what you just described is like, "Hey, you could build more. You should probably build more." I won't put words in your mouth on that, but from my perspective, you should probably continue to build more diverse ads or clusters of diverse ads. And even if you build 20 and three get run, three get delivery, that's almost to be expected here because a lot of the work that would have been done by spending is now potentially saved and done by the loads of computer rooms >> [laughter] >> that Meta probably has somewhere that's doing a lot of that processing up front, right? >> Yeah, yeah, that's exactly right. The machine learning models, they're very good at figuring out what works and what doesn't work and optimizing for what is working, right? So, they'll attempt delivery on all the variations of the creative, then they'll figure out which ones are working best, and they'll start moving the advertising dollars to the ones that perform best for you. And that doesn't necessarily mean that the other creatives were bad. It's just that they were lower performant, and as a result, you probably don't want your dollars spent on those lower performing creatives. The machine is doing the optimization, and it's doing the optimization based on real-world performance data. And that's what really the machine learning models are best at, and that's why we have all of these large and powerful computers that were very fairly expensive sitting in those server rooms. >> I'm sure. How does Gem and and Lattice, which are two other products or or whatever we call them, services, products that that Meta has developed over really 2025 and into 26, how are they playing in this Andromeda era? >> That's a great question. So, uh Lattice is effectively our model consolidation technology. Previously, you would have a variation of a machine learning model that was extremely specific. This model is predicting clicks on Facebook. This model is predicting clicks on Instagram. This model is predicting conversions on Facebook. This model is predicting conversions on Instagram. It turns out that if you take all of those machine learning models and you collapse them into one model all of the training data that used to go into those four models into the one model, the performance of the one model is better than the performance of each of the individual models because that larger model is able to learn from more data, more of your interests, more of your interactions with businesses, products, services, et cetera. And that just improves the performance for the advertiser as well as the experience for the person who is seeing an ad. You're going to see a more relevant ad because we consolidated these models and the training data used on these models to drive better outcomes for advertisers. So, that's Lattice. Gem is a quite a bit further expression of that where we're creating this large generative recommendation model that is really our foundation model that all of our other models kind of learn from in that kind of second stage ranking environment. And then we try to take that super large foundation model, the generative ads recommendation model, and we build a LLM scale and complexity inference model out of that foundation model and that's what we started calling the adaptive ranking model where some number of people interact with brands and content a lot, have a lot of interest, they interact a lot on the platform, they purchase more than other folks, they have longer sequences of interactions, we can learn more from about them and make better recommendations for them from their more more interactions on the platform. Other folks, they don't interact as much as brands, they don't purchase as much. They have shorter interaction sequences, interaction histories. So we don't need to use as much compute in recommending an ad for them because there's just not as much input data. And so adaptive ranking model allows us to dramatically scale up on the kind of power user segment and produce substantial improvements in performance for those users who are engaging a lot with brands and content etc. >> Woah, okay. Super good explanation. I've not heard that explained. So I need things sometimes in the simple version and and Matt that was the simple version of something that's extremely complex and I really do appreciate it cuz that to me is like simply put that is tying together the mass adjustments that Andromeda as this this era that we're in. It's kind of like I don't want to say like the sidekicks but like they don't they all work together. They they have to work together. Which is really cool. I want to ask you a question around what my audience has observed, what we've observed on a lot of the brands that we work with for context, right? We work with around 100 brands right now. We're spending millions of dollars every month across the meta suite. And then we also have a lot of folks that watch in different modes that essentially like absorb a lot of what's going on and they see they're feeling it and not necessarily spending hundreds of thousands of dollars a month, maybe spending a couple thousand dollars, 5,000 or whatever. So something I've heard more is that brands are reporting increased delivery volatility. So just overall volatility of ads. Big shifts in in where the spend goes. Sometimes where they feel like campaigns are destabilizing especially without obvious triggers. Like they're not seeing like hey I changed something on site that day. They can't figure out what changed in that period of time. So my question is this known? Is this the trade-off that we just have to take for faster optimization cycles where volatility is actually the feature potentially and not the bug. >> Yeah, this is really great question, and we have heard the same question from a number of our advertising partners, as well. And it's really important one that goes to how the auction actually works. So, because we are running a very large number of auctions in real time every second, and you have a very large number of bidders who are bidding every second, the more advertisers on the platform, and the more frequently they change their bid prices or bid volume, the more changes that everyone sees in the auction dynamics that play out in the marketplace. It's like the stock market. There are a bunch of different tickers, a bunch of people, retail investors, institutional investors, they're bidding up the prices of the stocks or down the prices of the stocks in real time as they think those stocks are more or less valuable to those investors. The same effect is playing out in the advertising auction. There are a bunch of people, and maybe some information comes in that this customer is much more likely to be interested in the product or service you're offering, maybe you increase your bid because they would purchase from you if they saw your ad. Or maybe some new information comes in, and they just bought a refrigerator, they're unlikely to buy a new refrigerator soon, and that customer is no longer as valuable to you, and you change your bid. So, as better information propagates throughout the ecosystem, more advertisers are changing their bids more frequently based on what they learn about customers and their desires. So, those bid changes at volume create the volatility that people experience on their campaigns cuz it's a dynamic marketplace that is optimized for delivering the best price for each advertiser. And so, as you change your bid, different people and conversions will appear to you, not just because of the changes that you've made, but because of the changes that everybody else is making in response. Uh so, volatility and uh associated price optimization are the opposite end of the spectrum of low volatility and higher prices. So, you kind of have to decide which matters more to you, lowest prices or um low volatility, cuz they're on opposite ends of the spectrum. >> Uh which is like essentially the more you're spending and the more conversions you're driving, the less overall volatility you will have because in a very simple term, the algorithm will be more confident in the decisions that it's putting in front of you. And then one or two or 100 people or 1,000 people that may have been considered to purchase that drop out of your funnel because there's a signal like they bought that refrigerator, that's not impacting your total funnel. When you're spending less or when your average order values or cost per acquisitions are significantly higher, you then therefore have to just accept that you have to deal with volatility because the algorithm isn't just going to endlessly keep spending on people who are no longer actually a part of your your true purchase funnel anymore. >> Yep. Yep. Yep. Um as we are now again in this like Andromeda era that everybody talks about and we see people get more comfortable with how advertising is supposed to work and basically how to treat the algorithm now. I would love to understand a bit more on Meta's long-term vision of the advertiser's role. Is there, you know, an end state where we just hey, here's my 10 creatives, here's my 100 creatives, go rip it, Meta. Like what do we do? I'd love to understand just like POV on that. And I know there's no perfect vision, but an idea would be nice. >> Yeah, I mean it's a great question. I think if you look at the trends of the industry, the machine learning models and the computers, they're just getting better at what computers do. They compute things. They compute things quickly. They can make uh dynamic decisions based on really good data really quickly. And I think we're entering an area era where humans are never going to outperform the machines at that type of work again. Humans are never going to out optimize the machine. They're never going to move the budget as quickly, as responsively to price changes up or down uh kind of based on the conditions of the auction market on Meta or really anywhere else, right? But what are humans really great at? Humans are great at coming up with novel ideas to test new messages for your brand, new messages for a particular audience, and then looking at the performance data and reasoning about why did this message work with this audience, and why did this message not work with this audience. The computers are not going to be able to reason about that with human-level intuition. So, humans are really great with coming up with the ideas, and they're really great at connecting the performance ideas with hypotheses about why a particular message worked for an audience, resonated with that audience, drove conversions with the audience, and why a particular message may not have. And then, once you have some hypotheses from looking at the real-world performance data, you can create variations on your message, on your audience, and try again. Right? So, really this is a long-term human and machine partnership where the humans are doing the ideating about the initial messaging, and then reasoning about the performance data with human intuition and insights, and then starting the process over again. While the machine handles all of the computational optimization that they're so good at. >> I'm going to start using computational optimization in my my daily language. Can we expect massive changes like this, um, or do we generally feel like, "Hey, this this big new era that we're in in the algorithm, this is here to stay." I know some brands feel like they don't have enough time to actually adjust before the next big thing actually rolls around. >> This is a really interesting question, and and I think if you look at the broader trends in the computing industry, algorithmic advances are moving faster than ever before. >> Yep. >> The pace of AI innovation is absolutely astoundingly rapid. New papers are coming out literally every day about breakthroughs in specific components of artificial intelligence and machine learning models, and how that drives performance in real-world applications. We, of course, are focused on delivering the best results for our customers and the best, uh, kind of experiences for people that see the ads. And so, we're trying to incorporate as many of these technological breakthroughs as we can, as quickly as we can, because that produces better results for our customers. So, I think it's safe to say that the pace of innovation will continue to increase, will continue to drive as much innovation as possible into real-world performance benefits for advertising partners and for people that see ads. And that's going to come with an associated need for advertisers to understand what the opportunities are with these new algorithmic advances and system changes and how to really take advantage of those to get the best return on your advertising spend and the results for your business. I wish I had some better news that things will slow down, but I don't think they will. I think they'll continue to accelerate and hopefully that produces massively better results for your businesses, but it will come with a cost of needing to keep up with all of the changes that are happening in the world. >> Yeah, um probably good news for me because I'll try to keep updated on everything and keep folks updated on on everything. Um but it is challenging, right? There's no doubt about that. And I think just like a reminder to everyone watching this is that from my perspective, I I won't speak for you, Matt, but from my perspective, all advertising platforms, Meta, and anywhere else you're advertising, the objective is quite simple, I think. I think Meta's job is to get you to want to spend as much money as possible. And that want is the keyword. You want to spend as much money as possible when you're getting the business result as closely as possible to your target or exceeding, right? So, any change, like I would be stunned if Meta ever made an algorithmic change or a major sweeping change just because it feels good or to try to move things forward. Like everything is rigorously tested. Everything is meant to literally put more dollars or confirm more objectives for whatever the advertisers are trying to do, right? So, >> Yeah, that's exactly right. Every change is AB tested and we only launch things that move our our metrics in a positive direction. >> Mhm. >> Cool. Matt, thank you very much for a rapid-fire of five or six questions here. I do appreciate what you do. I'm loving the Andromeda era right now. I'll admit it was a little tough to get used to a few things on some smaller brands that we work with, but um you know, for those that that we've battled through, it's it's nice now. We we have what I think and what many advertisers out there have experienced now are more comfortable in in what's working and how to approach things. So, yeah, keep rocking on. Thanks for helping us make more money. >> Great. Thanks thanks for your time. Great chatting with you, Sam, and have a great day. >> Thanks, Matt.

  Top Comments:
  1. @realbrain8979 [4 likes]: I was not expecting this type of content on your channel, thank you Matt it was awesome.

I just wish that you asked the impact of account structure and how the system can retrieve the best ads if we have multiple campaigns, or does it look overall?

My only issue with Meta is that they release new algorithms but there’s no guidebook on account structure and we need to follow so many agency owners to learn what to do: and of course everyone has a different idea.
  2. @peterledniczky [3 likes]: nah, since they are doing this its way worse, than before.
  3. @stephensunderlin [2 likes]: This is the one of best public explanations I'm seen on Meta's modern ad retrieval and ranking architecture from someone directly involved in building it.
  4. @iqrarkhan7620 [1 likes]: Please continue this type of videos
  5. @lashajakeli [1 likes]: I'm running ads in Georgian language for my business and I'm wondering if Andromeda understands what my ads are about without manual targeting? I started including entire copy in primary text hoping it will translate it and understand who it's for, but still a mystery. Thanks for the video!
  6. @Brandolin-nl6ul [1 likes]: It is extremely volatile now and nothing is making sense. The ads start performing at a ROAS of 8-9X and suddenly burn through the budget one day all of a sudden. The advice on the internet is all over the place and AI like claude and ChatGPT tells something else entirely.
  7. @jamie40715 [1 likes]: The comment about ads now being better at shifting budgets to winners etc annoys me. I’ve been a media buyer for 10+ years and ever since Andromeda the way the model decides to spend and what a winner is… is bonkers. We’ll test a creative set, find a stable couple of creatives with a good ROI, and then randomly a day later it just diverts the entire budget to a loser and there’s no ROI. It’s like if you’re winning a race, and on the final lap you just stop driving and everyone overtakes you. That’s how I imagine andromeda at times. 

Also… it’s better at knowing if the customer has purchased? Is he mad? Ever since the andromeda roll out we physically get comments on ads of customers asking ‘why am I seeing this brand more just after I ordered’ - and no excluding purchasers doesn’t make a difference.

The worst part is the calls my clients get from meta support saying they should turn this ad back on (a loser) and just in general poisoning the well with downright bad advice designed to increase meta adspend and deliver 0 value to the customer.
I’m sorry but Andromeda has helped for sure, but at the moment it’s completely all over the place. It’s not more stable at all. It’s a lab of mad AI obsessed scientists doing crazy experiments with no real benefit or positive outcome… but dont worry… it’s the future and itll be great soon!
  8. @SamPiliero: 👉 Work with me and my team: go.themoonlighters.com/apply-l168
👉 Join my coaching program: go.themoonlighters.com/skool-l168
  9. @Aaron-uu9pt: This so-called Andromeda sucks big time

- No one can stop me from buying weird ads (not even you): Kind: captions Language: en (soft jazz music) - [Drew Voiceover] I think I might have too much stuff. I gotta stop making these videos where I just buy the first slightly interesting piece of garbage I see advertised on the internet. What the hell am I supposed to do with this? Or this? I spent like $200 on this tracksuit and I literally only use it to muffle the sound coming from my room when I'm yelling at Fortnite at 2:00 AM. - Where did you go? I'm getting shot! - [Drew Voiceover] Just because I have a lot of fun making these videos, and people seem to really like watching these videos, and it's my favorite series to do on my channel doesn't mean I should keep doing it. - Oh my God! (rock music) I've gotta buy this. Hey, guy. Welcome back to Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium. So as it turns out, the man cave sign that I was really excited about in my last video flashes at all times, and that's gonna be really distracting. So... I'm gonna have to turn that off. There's a fun game I've started playing that you too can play if you wanna fuck with advertisers a little bit. Instead of ignoring an ad for a product that you don't want, click on it. I know that sounds counterintuitive, but hear me out. You're gonna wanna scroll around for a bit, just maybe 10, 20 seconds, enough to establish a presence there and then exit out of the ad and go about your day. The algorithm is going to make note of that, and they're gonna show that ad to you again. Don't be alarmed. This is all part of the plan. Next time you see it, you're gonna wanna repeat steps one and two until you get the ad for a third time and do the same thing, so on and so forth forever. Now it's important that you never actually buy anything from the website. That is not the point of what we're trying to do here. What we're trying to do is get this company to waste their entire ad budget on you without ever getting a sale in return. It's the perfect prank. But unfortunately this is not a series about getting advertisers to waste their money. It's about me wasting my money for your entertainment. So let's start. I'm gonna show these to you in order of most promising to most confusing. First step is the CozyBand. - [Voiceover] I love relaxing in bed with my CozyBand headphones. They're perfect for Netflix, music, podcasts, meditations, white- - Not gonna lie. This is very intriguing to me. I've noticed I fall asleep much faster if I'm listening to music and obviously I can't just blast some speakers right next to a bed that I share. And it also kind of hurts to wear my giant headphones to bed. Unless I'm laying face down. But every time I do that, I suffocate and die. But this thing I can just have on my head, it even doubles as an eye mask. To be fair yeah, you technically could just do this with regular headphones, but I know if I did, I wouldn't be able to go to sleep because I'd be distracted thinking about how cool I look. Not really much else to this. It's kind of on the cheap side, which actually worries me. I know that sounds weird. Obviously, if something ends up sucking, I'd rather have not spent a lot of money on it, but now I'm just expecting these headphones to sound like shit. So, we'll see. Another thing I am genuinely curious to try is this garlic ejector. - [Voiceover] You don't have to peel your garlic. You don't have to chop it, nothing. It scrapes itself clean, which is crazy. And then it pings away the peel, all in one go. You don't have to touch your garlic at all. - Peeling and mincing one little clove of garlic is the most annoying detour to have to take while cooking. It's not the cutting part I dislike, it's the stickiness of the garlic. It gets all over your fingers and now you gotta wash your hands again, even though you already did. Hopefully. Please tell me you washed your hands. But maybe the Garject tool from DreamFarm.com is the answer to all my problems. Normally I would be put off by the odd font choices they've made here, a font that I can only describe as Comic Sans trying to clean up his act, but after seeing so many websites in the series that all look the same, this is actually kind of a nice change of pace. I guess you gotta be a little silly when you have a product called Brizzle, or a Flisk, or a Mini Supoon. Am I having a stroke? I'm having a hard time telling the difference between the regular and the lite version other than the price. So I guess I'll just buy the cheaper one. Sorry, DreamFarm. You gotta make the premium version look more enticing. Now, I don't know if you guys know this about me, but I'm something of a content creator. (laughs) I like to make videos on the internet and then do nothing for three weeks. But maybe the thing I need to help boost my productivity is a little tripod that follows me around. That way, I don't have to sit down and set up my camera. I can just be passively recording myself at all times. - I can be washing dishes here in the sink, checking on my pie crust, opening the oven, blending in my blender. - [Drew Voiceover] Tying my shoes, petting my cat, being scratched by my cat, berating my cat. - Make an impression. Build a following. You know, I don't think they can guarantee that. You're not definitely gonna get famous just because you bought a spinning tripod. Again, I'm gonna buy the lite version because just like with the garlic thing, they've done nothing to entice me to buy the expensive one. - [Voiceover] Nanobag. A bag inside a bag. That's because as spacious as this thing is, sometimes you go a little too overboard with souvenirs. And once you pop this open and allow it to reach its full potential, you've now got a whole grocery bag worth of additional space. - I don't really have a joke for this one. It's a little bag. I just- That's all it is. I'm just curious to see it. It's gotta be thin as hell in order for it to get that tiny. And I have a feeling it's going to break at the worst possible time. Not that there's a good time for a bag to break, but I just know the moment I start lugging around four gallons of loose milk, that thing is tearing in half. I'll let this next one speak for itself. (upbeat music) I'll say it. Kinda looks pretty good. I wonder what other kind of slushies he's made. - [Female Voiceover] When I say this cup can turn literally anything into a slushy, I mean it. - Oh, no. - [Female Voiceover] Just pour and squeeze for less than 60 seconds. - No, don't do that. - [Female Voiceover] Comment what else you think can't turn into a slushy. - Come on, didn't we already learn our lesson with Tide pods? You're not supposed to make it look delicious. (invigorating music) - [Male Voiceover] My name Jeff. - [Female Voiceover] We already sent you 2 free slushy cups. - [Male Voiceover] I wanted 4. - I'm not sure I understood any part of that conversation, but they did make ice pretty fast. So that's cool. Okay, but so far they've made my two favorite flavors of slushy, laundry detergent, and water. Yum! Let's check out their website. "We're about to enter the hottest season of the year "and you need to make sure that your body's taken care of. "Not only do slushies taste amazing, "but frozen drinks are proven "to be beneficial to our health"? You know, I don't think I'm gonna take health advice from the guy who did this. Also, you got a reference for that? Like a data you could show me? Or am I just gonna have to take your word for it? Is cold drinks good for health? Oh. (laughs) Kind of seems like the opposite is true? Okay, well that they're talking about like soda and obviously soda's bad for you. Frozen drinks good for health. Cold water impacts digestion. What is this like science meme website? Who is this for? Well, I Googled it for 30 seconds and the results are inconclusive. So maybe I'll just read the reviews? "I took it for my daughter, she is happy. "In principle, a cool thing." All right, well I'm sold. - Is that Instagrams? - My Upright vibrates everytime I slouch. - Immediately, great start to an ad. "Is that Instagrams?" "Yeah, I taped a photo sharing website to my back." - Which trains my brain to sit up straight. - Finally, he's using his brain. - Now I love me a good silly ad. This is pretty solid marketing, especially for such a bizarre looking product, but they do make a lot of promises in a short period of time. - So now I can focus on my work instead of my posture. It saves me money. You always wanted to be 2 inches taller, right? - So I'm gonna get more work done, I'll save money on my chiropractor, and I'll get taller by using this. That's a lot of benefits for $76. That guy who spent like a hundred grand on limb lengthening surgery is gonna be pissed when he finds out about this. Okay, so there's one last product I found that I have no intention of buying because even though my scam detectors were off the charts, I'm pretty sure it's going to burn my house down. But I wanna show this to you because it's actually one of the most bizarre ads I've ever seen. (ethereal music) Wow. You know what, actually, it's over five minutes long. I'm just gonna sum it off. So this guy, Alan Jackson, is one of the most accomplished students at MIT. He invented something, which they take forever to even explain what it is, and the biggest power companies in America tried to buy it from him for a million dollars so they could shut it down. But he said, "No!" He's a man of the people. You see, Alan was blessed with an IQ of 150, a made up number that doesn't actually mean you're gonna be more likely to invent something, but go off. He discovered that more power was flowing through their house than they needed and they were spending all this extra money. So he creates a thing that like gets it to stop doing that. And then he tests out his prototype and it's so successful that according to this image, the power bill was a negative number. This device is so efficient that the electric company owed him money. Three minutes in, they finally explain what this thing does. You plug it into any power outlet in your house and it saves you $300 a month. So that all sounds great, I guess, but I did a little bit of research and I'm pretty sure none of that is real. Alan Jackson, the genius MIT student, totally made up. You'd think there would be even one article about this 19 year old wiz kid who's literally cutting people's power bills in half, but the only notable Alan Jackson I could find is a 63 year old country singer. ♪ Hoochie coochie ♪ (instrumental country music) - They also used a quote from Tech Daily Magazine, who I found on Instagram. They have zero followers and haven't posted in 15 months. So maybe this is a quote straight from their website. Well, they also haven't updated that since last year. And you're not gonna believe this, but PowerSave isn't even trademarked. At least not by Alan. He would not have even been born yet when this was registered in 1994. So I guess my question is who the hell is this kid? They have all this footage of, is this like a YouTuber they found? Or is this just more stock footage? I mean, they certainly got their money's worth from their Storyblock subscription. I'm pretty sure they used their entire library in this ad. But whoever it is, I would love to find him and bring this to his attention. So if you recognize this man, let me know. So to summarize, the inventor's not real, his backstory's not real, and the product is clearly just a piece of crap that's either extremely useless or worst case, extremely dangerous. But like you can do that? You can just resell some cheap, bullshit you found on AliExpress and make up an entirely fake narrative to go along with it? Mail's here. So the way I make these videos now is every time I see something that is interesting to me and I know I'm gonna make a video about it, I just buy it that day. So some of these things arrived a week ago. Others have been sitting in my closet for like two months. In other words, I've been looking forward to this day for a very long time. Definitely the first thing I wanna open is the posture corrector. The sooner I start using that, the better. They said that sweet old lady from the commercial is two inches taller now. But with my slouch, I'm thinking I could go like half a foot. I don't know if I mentioned this earlier, this is the Upright Go 2. They worked out all the kinks from the first one. I don't know what those kinks might have been. Maybe it shocked you too hard. Yep, see this one says gentle vibration feedback. Definitely it was too harsh before. You can track your posture from day to day. You can have daily goals. I assume the goal would just be to have good posture every day. This box is very reminiscent of opening up an iPhone for the first time, only way more disappointing. (box falling) So this comes with, it looks like about 10 pieces of tape and then a few alcohol prep pads. You know, gotta disinfect your back before you put this on. Comes with a little guitar pick! How fun. I mean, technically it says adhesive removal tool, but I could strum a few cords with this. (instrumental guitar) So I think I can just put it on now. I hope it's charged. Am I gonna have to charge it while it's on my back? I don't even know how to film this. It's hard enough to put this on by myself. There's a button on it. I accidentally hit a button. I hope that's not self-destruct mode. What's your main posture goal? For it to be better. I'm in this purely for vanity. I'm just trying to look better. Turn on your GO. No, I can't. I can't see it. I hope it's blinking. I put it on way too early. Sorry, I gotta update it first. I think the new season just came out. Should I buy the Battle Pass? Now let's learn how to place the GO on your back. Well, I already did it. So patches, uh-huh, make sure your upper back is clean and dry, now peel off the green cover. Okay, I already- What the fuck? Dude, this thing will just randomly go back like five steps. Is it cause I'm clicking too fast and it's like, no, you're not comprehending. You're gonna have to start over. Great. Okay. (gentle music) Did the app crash or? I think I broke the app by trying to use it. What is happening? It's just stuck on this black screen and every time I exit out, it's still on the black screen. What if my posture is just so bad that the app took one look at me and was like, "Yeah dude, "there's nothing we can here. Sorry." "This guy is a lost cause." It's not my fault that puberty gave me scoliosis. That moment when your posture app crashes so you have to restart your phone. All right, let's fucking go, dude. I'm so pumped for this shit. I don't even know what to do. All right, last resort. I am going to delete the app and I'm going to download it again. I'm having a great time. This is the best day of my life. Let's learn how to place it on your back. More on adhesives. Yeah, can you tell me how tape works please? Jesus Christ. Okay, should I watch the video? I'll watch the video. I think they got mad that I didn't watch their video they made. - [Narrator] Plant your feet on the ground so your knees form a 90 degree angle. Now straighten up and imagine there's a string pulling you up. Next, pull your shoulders back slightly. (cracking effect) Being upright should feel comfortable. Lastly, relax and don't forget to breathe. Let's start by saying hello to your avatar. Every day you get a daily Uptime goal. Fill up this ring to complete your daily goal. - Okay, yeah. My goal is an hour a day? That doesn't seem that like, it doesn't seem like that much. Like I feel like if I'm slouching for every other hour of the day, I'm not doing a good job. All right, let's see. 4, 3, 2, 1. (buzzing) Ah! (laughs) I knew it was gonna happen. It still scared me. It doesn't just buzz once to let you know that you're fucking up, it keeps going until you correct it. Cool. Well, the battery life is already 50%. I'm curious to see how long it lasts. But other than that, I guess I can just go about the rest of my day and check in on this when I need to. This is definitely the Nanobag because it is microscopic. Oh, that's right. I got two. They just gave me an a free one at the end. This is the regular one and this is the mini. As you can see, there's a pretty massive difference there. This is probably a quarter of an inch taller. I feel like it's gonna be really hard to fold it up the perfect size and get it back in here. Have you ever taken a cover off of a bean bag chair, washed it, and then tried to put it back on? It's a nightmare and I'm gonna have to do this every time I go shopping? Mm, I don't know about that. Okay, it's going in. No, this is pretty cool. Maybe I'll just leave the handle out, so. (laughs) Okay, this is gonna take some getting used to. For the next six days, I wore my Upright everywhere I went. I wore it to Best Buy. I wore it to a thrift shop. I wore it to Kurtis Conner's standup show because good posture takes no days off. I treated it like a boot camp. When the battery died, I just plugged it in and kept on going. And whenever my back would vibrate, I would punish myself by doing 50 pushups. Unfortunately, it would think that I was still slouching while doing the pushups, so then I would have to do even more. It was sort of this endless cycle of just- I probably did thousands of pushups yesterday. Long story short, my arms are very tired. So this thing definitely gets in your head about how you're sitting. There's so many things you do every day that you don't even realize that you slouch during, but that also, arguably don't really matter that you're slouching. Like every day when I eat my lunch and I'm leaning over to eat my food, this thing screams at me. "No, no, no, no, no! "That it's not how you were supposed to sit! "He was supposed to sit up straight!" God forbid, I bend over a little bit. And then the opposite of eating, which is of course going to the bathroom, Upright does not like that. Back must be pressed against the toilet at all times. This is how you poop. Although it took me like three days to stop thinking that I was getting a text every time it buzzed. My shirt would randomly start vibrating and I would be like, "Wait, is that Instagram?" I very quickly had to raise the delay from 15 to 30 seconds because it was driving me crazy. The constant buzzing whenever you're so much as reading an email is I think more annoying than helpful. I think it was also a good idea to turn off the device while I was doing an activity that I knew I would have to slouch during. Like, if I know I'm gonna be leaning over my stove for half an hour, I don't want my back vibrating at me every five seconds because I had the audacity to look down at what I was doing. I don't think I would feel comfortable saying that this is worth $76, but if I were to ignore the cost and just look at it objectively, I think it did have a slightly positive impact on me. At the very least, it gets me thinking about my posture and if I'm able to transform that into more of a subconscious thought and that's what it takes to finally fix my gamer boy slouch, then, you know, so be it. Um, did someone say bag test? I did. It was me. In an effort to review the most utilitarian product in an interesting way, I'm just gonna keep putting a bunch of stuff in it until it breaks. Don't worry though, if it does break, no harm will be done because I'm gonna do the test above my very soft and very big bean bag chair. Oh, I'm sorry! Did you think I was talking about you? Hell, no. You're not soft. You're not big. If I dropped my valuable possessions on top of you, they would all break. So anyway, let's get started. The website says it holds up to 66 pounds, but I think they're talking about the regular version. This is the mini, I assume it would hold less than that. I have like 55 pounds worth of weight. So we'll see if it can do all that. The best part is I didn't spend any money on this. So if it does break that's okay. It was free. 17 pounds. So far so good. This will be 27 pounds. (gasping effect) 37 pounds. Okay, so if I were just doing this test in my regular life, I would stop here because I can't imagine myself ever needing to carry more than this. If I did, I would just take more bags, but this isn't real life, this is a YouTube video, so yeah, I'm gonna do all the weight. If it'll fit. 55 pounds. I'm not stalling because it's gonna be difficult for me to lift this up at this angle. I guess I could stand on the bean bag, but then if it drops, it's gonna drop on my foot and I might like break my foot and I don't want to do that. Gotta be real careful with it. (indistinct chatter effect) I would find more things around my house to put in there and make it way more, but the fact that this holds 55 pounds with no issues and I myself can't really hold 55 pounds with no issues, I don't see this ever being a problem if I'm out in public and this is the only bag I have. I'm not gonna get 70 pounds worth of stuff cause my arms will fall off. Lemme try again. I really thought this would break. I don't think I've been this surprised to see a product do what it was advertised to do since I poured Gatorade all over that shirt. Lucky for me, I have another tiny bag here. This one holds the CozyBand. Now usually you would hope and even expect that a device like this would come with written instructions, but these two items were literally the only things in the box. Guess I'll just figure it out on my own. First thing I noticed is somewhat of a troubling aroma emanating from this thing. Which is fine, you know, I only have to put it on my face. I wasn't sure if the inside would have actual earbuds that like hook into your ear, looks like little speakers kind of hidden beneath the band. Oh cool, you could have like the wire stick out if you want. Maybe that I could hook on to my ear, make sure it doesn't go anywhere. Kind of seems like they don't get close enough to my ears. I guess if I was laying down it would work. Obviously the only thing I can do is try it out. I'm gonna sleep with this for a couple nights and I will let you know. Nighty night! Okay, well it's been a couple days now and you can definitely notice the cheapness here. The sound quality's not great. It kind of seems like they just shoved two speakers into a sweat band, probably because that's what they did. If you were hoping to wash this in some capacity, you have to painstakingly remove the electronics from the CozyBand and then put them back in exactly where they were, which is an extremely tedious process. This one single sentence on their website did not prepare me for how difficult it would be. It's certainly more comfortable than wearing regular headphones, although the speakers fit so loosely that they end up kind of sliding around and ending up in places they're not supposed to. So the solution for that is to make it louder, but the sound kind of bleeds out and then I can't fully relax because now I'm worried I'm gonna wake Amanda up with the La Dispute song that came up on shuffle. I will say it fits really well, for me, specifically. So hopefully you and I have the same sized head, otherwise you are out of luck because there's no way to adjust the size. That's why a lot of the negative reviews are either "too tight" or "too big". For $40, you can't expect some super high-end device. So I will say that it's not terrible and it could be worse. So we hear over the Drew Gooden channel officially give the CozyBand a three out of five. - [Drew Voiceover] Unfortunately, I didn't get a lick of sleep after this because even though I was up all night configuring my new tripod, which involved downloading their horribly rated app, when I was finally ready to use it to record the next segment with Amanda, this happened. (laughing) - Oh no. I don't know what to do. - All right, it's slushy time. How does it feel? - Cold. - Yeah. Based on what I saw on this person's Instagram, they did an orange juice one, they did a strawberry milk one, famously from earlier in the video, and they also did a Coke one, but I'm more of a Dr. Pepper guy. - You wanna shake this up before we open it? - Yeah, that's probably a good idea. Let's do it a little bit. Probably good. And then you have to like squeeze it for, the box says several minutes. - It's so cold. - I guess it's kind of already slushed it up. - It doesn't really look that appetizing. - So what do you guys think? All right, bottom up! (laughs) Oh no. - It's like, slimy. - It's so slimy. That's a good word for it. I mean it looks good. - Is this what you feed babies? - Mm-hm. Mushy Dr. Pepper. - It's like chunky, but slimy? - Yeah, I don't know why it's so slimy. It's weird. (upbeat tone) I think I'll do the honors this time. This is strawberry milk. It's not quite as pink as the one from the video. This looks exactly like a baby bottle. Oh my God, - This looks wrong. - I promise you this is what we're supposed to do. This one took significantly longer to freeze. So in the meantime, I'm going to read to you some of my favorite phrases from the box. As far as I can tell, the text on here went through one single pass of Google Translate. "Frozen Magic Squeeze Cups slushifies your drink in minutes. "It's that esay. "No mess, no fuss." "Put on the lid and squeeze, squeeze, squeeze!" "Use Frozen Magic Squeeze Cup over and over again. "The fun never ends." So is the point of this product to make drinks out of it or is the point just that it's a fun toy? It's BPA-free. It's non-toxic . It's easy make. It's no mess, no fuss. "Attention. "Because of various brand models "of refrigerator freezer temperature adjustment "by different, sometimes need to put more time "will be frozen. This is a normal phenomenon." This one I'm the most excited about. The orange juice, I don't really give a shit. I only bought it cause they did it on the Instagram. - Mm! Mm, it's like eating- - It's like eating strawberry milk? - This one tastes good. This tastes like a strawberry milkshake that's been melted a little bit. - I would do this again. - That's pretty good. Honestly, just don't do a soda. It's just not, I don't think it's made for soda. But this is pretty good. - I'm lactose intolerant. - You'll be fine, this is just whole milk. (gulping effect) Yummy! - You got a little something. - Huh? Right over here? - You got it! - Got milk. Well, I had to wait for this thing to get cold again, but I've made myself some orange juice slushy to drink while I Garject. That was a weird sentence. (slurping) Oh my God. It tastes just like orange juice, but a little bit colder. So anyway, I tried using this thing once already, it kind of worked. As you can attempt to see in this extremely blurry footage, the peel doesn't exactly slide off in one swift movement as was advertised. If you leave it on, like they said you could, it gets ripped up in a little pieces and hitchhikes a ride into whatever food you're making. It's kinda like how, if you had an egg and you tried to shove it through a cheese grater, the shell isn't gonna just magically disappear. It's coming, too. But you know that one major bit of false advertising aside, it works pretty well once the garlic is peeled. See, that's the part I was hoping to not have to do. It's a shame that you still have to like touch it if you don't wanna waste all the garlic, that's still stuck to the thing. But then of course your fingers get all sticky, which is the other thing I was hoping to not have to do anymore. We're kind of O for 2 on the two things I was looking most forward to. Is this better than having to dice up the garlic myself? Absolutely. Am I glad I bought it? But am I, you know, a little disappointed that I can't just do everything in one foul swoop? Yeah. I'm gonna have to do like three or four foul swoops and that's too many foul swoops. Anyway, it looks like I have a frozen treat and a pile of minced garlic here and there's two of us. So I'm gonna let you choose which one. You want the- Yeah, I thought you'd want the orange juice. No, that's fine. Yeah, you can have that. I'll just grab, I guess a fork for this. No, no, no, no. You made up your mind. You can have the orange juice. No! You can have the orange juice. All right? It's you can't take it back now because you feel bad about what you've made me done. What you've, what you did, what you do, what you make, what you have to, what I have to do. All right, I think that's enough outta that guy. Thank you all so much for watching episode 700 of Instagram, Buy, Try. We did it all today. We buyed, we tried, and I think we all cried. I do wanna give you guys a big, thank you before I get outta here. I launched some new merch a few weeks ago. I didn't even promote it in a YouTube video I just talked about it on Twitter and Instagram and then we sold out like super fast. These are some of my favorite designs ever and I'm so thankful for all the support on that and I'm glad you guys like them as much as I do. Now I don't wanna spoil the next episode too much, but I will say we're gonna have a very special guest, Brendan Frazier from the movie "Mummy." How did that get there? Like I was saying, Brendan and I met years ago on the set of "George of the Jungle". It's actually a funny story. He was swinging on one tree, I was swinging on another and we ran- - [Drew Voiceover] Oh my God! It really does follow you everywhere. I gotta get outta here! I immediately flew as far away as I possibly could, California. And for a couple days, everything felt normal again. I hung out with my friends. I was having a great time. Until yesterday. (dramatic music) (dramatic sting) Leave me alone! Can't you see I'm trying to promote today's sponsor, Hello Fresh. I'm 28 years old and I like to think that I'm pretty good at cooking, but I used to not be. I used to get really easily overwhelmed by the idea of prepping and cooking food and so I often wouldn't and honestly I think I owe 90% of the confidence I have now in the kitchen to the four plus years of me using Hello Fresh. When all of the guesswork is taken outta the equation, when you don't have to know a recipe off the top of your head or go to the store to get all the crap that you need, or skip past 37 paragraphs of someone explaining to you why spaghetti holds a special place in their heart, it just makes the process so much easier. It's like training wheels, but for sauté. One of my favorite things about Hello Fresh is their flexibility and the variety of recipes to choose from every week, which you can easily manage on the app. Skip a week if you're gonna be out of town. Add some shrimp to your meal, just cause you feel like it. Maybe you're feeling adventurous and you wanna try out some cheese-stuffed burgers or maybe you just wanna get the same meal twice because it's your favorite and it's easy to make. That's fine! This is a safe space for people like us. You will never get bored with Hello Fresh because they're constantly cycling in seasonal meals to keep things exciting. Like I said, I've been using it for over four years now and there are still recipes that pop up all the time that I've never seen before. And since everything is portioned to the exact amount that you need, I find myself wasting significantly less food than when I go to the grocery store and forget that I bought all those onions and never used them. Ultimately for me, Hello Fresh just makes the entire process of cooking simpler and therefore more enjoyable. I think they're a big reason why I like cooking so much now and why I feel so confident doing it. So if you wanna try out Hello Fresh for yourself, now is the perfect time cause I've got a deal for you. Just go to HelloFresh.com and use my promo code, IMALITTLESTINKER16 for 16 free meals and three surprise gifts. Again, my promo code is IMALITTLESTINKER16. Thank you to Hello Fresh for sponsoring today's video. Okay, that's the whole video now. Buy my merch if you want, but you don't have to.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacobbm1007 [75000 likes]: ❤️ fart
  2. @DefSamRecords [6 likes]: So, “Alan Jackson,” is a guy named Iman Gadzhi. He’s an entrepreneur, but more importantly, a YouTuber that markets the “millionaire mindset,” and, “fast tracking success,” but also dropped out of high school. One of his YouTube videos is titled “Give me 16 minutes and I can brainwash you into thinking you’re a millionaire.” 
To answer a question almost everyone is wondering after reading that, yes he sells courses…for $1,995.
  3. @ryan7032 [2 likes]: The grocery store I work at actually had a small display with Dreamfarm products and I got called to the front of the store twice to explain what a Champop and Supoon was to confused customers because I was the only person in the store that knew.
Thanks Drew for the burden of knowledge.
  4. @Lyss404 [2 likes]: I sleep with a music cozy literally every night, but I much prefer the knockoffs you can get online, the charge lasts twice as long and the controls make more sense to me.
  5. @beatrice282 [2 likes]: NOOOO I WANTED THE GARLIC!!! 😭
  6. @menaresobbgurl [1 likes]: 19:24  nerd
  7. @frankoconnell6745 [1 likes]: Where did you go? Im getting shot! 

Kills me everytime 😂😂😂
  8. @chillbro-ml2lb [1 likes]: 2026 anyone?
  9. @WholyShyt [1 likes]: Drew, if you are reading this, I wanted to tell you that there is a way to not get your hands sticky while mincing or wtv. (I grew up on a house that used one of those — the best one is a Williams-Sonoma stainless steel one that I got on Amazon, it’s was like 30 — anyway, if you don’t cut the garlic that helps a lot. It’s like the onion juice, no garlic juice = no sticking. 

Actual instructions here (sorry hella long intro) 
- hold single garlic clove like a banana or letter C with the curve towards you 
- pinch ends together to crack the peel along the curve
- keep pinching and peel the peel (sorry repetition) of the garlic.

Mine usually come off in like 2-3 large pieces and my fingers aren’t sticky afterwards

Additionally: use a knife or small spatula to get the garlic off the garlic press. The one I use makes it really easy to clean.
  10. @flikaus [1 likes]: the guy in the ad is one of those buy my course millionaires iman gadzhi
  11. @djhulld [1 likes]: is a garlic crusher not a thing in the us?
  12. @RYN_FINAL_EXE: "WhErE dId YoU gOoOoOo Im GeTTiNg ShOtTtTt 😫😥"
  13. @Hamilton_fan135: I have the cozy band and I love ittt❤❤
  14. @ifyoueverfelt: 17:10 my chemical romance shirt spotted
  15. @MarsElizarraras: is he saying... foul swoop?
  16. @luizalmeida4073: I would pick the garlic, no second thougts
  17. @Blueclaydinosaur: im high and apparently someone put jazz in the background of your video?? im entranced
  18. @carleyturner1334: i got the cozyband for 6 dollars 😅
  19. @BeemerGamingYT: Shawt 😫😩 0:27
  20. @sillysnailguy: gonna be thinking about this for the next 1000 years btw

- I can't stop buying weird ads (& getting scammed): Kind: captions Language: en - This video is sponsored by Current. Stick around to the end to find out how you could win $500. Hey, guy. Welcome to the third installment of Instagram Buy/Try, where first I buy, and then, (elevator music) well, I don't know, actually, I haven't thought about it yet. I know I've done this a couple of times this year already, but these are some of my favorite videos to make because I get so many weird ads. An egg toilet, a fire escape, a literal car. At least it's more interesting than what I get on Twitter, like ketchup. It's hard to know exactly what's happening here. Am I clicking on the ads because they're so weird, or am I only getting these ads because I keep clicking on them? It's a real chicken or the egg toilet conundrum. But let's not waste any more time here. I've got all sorts of products to choose from. There's a few things that you guys sent me, there's some stuff that I just wanted to try myself, and then there's a few that are just confusing, like this. (upbeat music) This is like gamer tape. What does it do? Okay, so they've got a whole section on the science of it. Man, that's a lot of words. Minor cannabinoids? Are my hands gonna get high? I hope my mom doesn't find out. Okay, so it's basically CBD infused tape, which is not that crazy. I've used CBD lotion before. I guess I just wish this company was a little bit more popular. As it is, I kind of feel like I'm gonna be the one testing it for them. They have a YouTube channel. Their most recent video is in all caps, WE NEED TO BE BETTER, so that's concerning. - [Woman] If hair is impeding adherence of the tape, either trim or shave the area. - Hair in the way? Then shave your entire body. Well, I gotta try this out. Not to brag or anything, but I'm a bit of a pro gamer, or actually I was thinking of Ninja, he's a pro gamer. I've been stuck at the same rank on Rocket League for the past six years, with no signs of improvement whatsoever, so maybe the secret has just been to put tape all over my hands. Up next, we've got something from hug_sleep. - [Male] This is extraordinary on Shark Tank. - It is. - Really soothing. - I love that shot. I've never been more comfortable in my life. - [Woman] We're not getting a lot of hugs. This really is something that hugs you back. - Interesting marketing tactic. They're really exploiting all of the loneliness that has built up in people over the past two years, and you can even put your feet out, at which point, all you've done is wrap a regular blanket around you. Oh no, it's called the Sleep Pod? I'm getting flash backs. You can wear it to bed, you can wear it to read, you can even wear it as a dress. You bet your ass I'll be hitting the club in one of these. Five stars, late for work again. Well, I lost my job this week, so these things are perfect. I had to order more. I originally bought one to wear at night so brown recluses can't bite me. Oh my God. It's weird that protection from spiders isn't listed anywhere on the website, but I'm glad to know that that's a bonus. Can't wait to try. But the thing is like, I don't wanna wear this in my bed. I want something that I can lay on, or sit on, or recline in. Not that. And I just saw the perfect thing, the Bean Bed. Well, actually, I didn't technically get an ad for it. I saw this tweet, someone talking about it, and then another tweet of someone linking to it. Remember being a kid, and the feeling you'd get when you jump into a giant beanbag? Our Bean Bed is that, but so much more. Only using the softest fabric for the exterior and all orders come included with beans. Uh-oh, I'm getting hungry. Are the beans included? How much does the sleeve weigh? Yeah, this is looking a lot less legit the more I scroll down. So, they don't come pre-filled. You have to pack it yourself. Our patented bean technology means anyone can use our beds. Weight limit, absolutely not. Thanks to our patented XL bean technology, they sure do have a lot of patents. It's also suspiciously cheap. It's supposed to be bigger than my love seat back there, and it's only $70. Also, these pictures are all kind of blurry. I'm kind of having second thoughts, but I'll buy it anyway, because that's what this video is. So far, I've bought at least one article of clothing in all of these videos, and today we'll be continuing that by actually buying two. - [Narrator] As a kid, Ben hated dress shirts. (electricity fizzling) As an adult, he despised them, for one simple reason. - They suck. - Damn it, I laughed at an ad. - [Narrator] And collar, the comfortable super shirt that looks super cool. - All right, well, I wouldn't say I'm exactly in the market for dress shirts. I only share this office with one other coworker and it's my cat. The thing is she never wears clothes at all, but now I have to dress up? That's not fair. Really, the only reason I'm getting this is because I'm fascinated by this stain repellent technology. It just repels so much. I have to put this to the test. I have to destroy this shirt. Clearly, at this point, I had alerted the almighty algorithm that I have been interested in expanding my wardrobe, because I've been getting this ad for months. Shoes that have laces but the laces don't matter, because they just pop onto your foot. I am in love. I need this more than I needed that shirt, which actually isn't saying much, 'cause I did not need that shirt. The truth is I actually tried to buy some of these a couple of months ago, but the kind I wanted didn't go up to my size. So, I sent them an email asking them if it ever would, and they replied very enthusiastically, "Oh my God, thank you so much, but no." So, I got these ones instead, and now I just hope that they work like they're supposed to. Otherwise, I'm gonna be pissed. So, this next thing, I'm not gonna buy this, because that would involve going down too much of a rabbit hole. You'll see why. They're called NuraBuds, and, on the surface, they just seem like regular old earbuds, right? - [Narrator] So-so isn't enough, because you love music. - And now you can finally listen to it, but then they said this. - [Narrator] No other earbuds sound like this, no other earbuds are priced like this. Get NuraBuds for five dollars a month. - Five dollars a month? So, am I subscribing to earbuds? Well, let's go to the website. Apparently, there is no way to just buy these. You have to sign up for something called NuraNow, which again just says five dollars a month, and there's obviously more to it than that. I still have a hundred questions. Let's go ahead and read more about it. Oh, that's it? It seems like there should be more information, right? That's not just me? I feel like I'd be going in way too blind here, so I went ahead and parsed through the terms and conditions. So, it's not a rent to own program, like some other things. It doesn't matter how much money you give them, the earbuds will never be yours. In theory, you could give them five bucks a month for the next 10 years, well over a thousand dollars, and you still wouldn't own the headphones. So, obviously, the first thing I thought, and you probably thought this too, was, well, what if I don't give 'em back? What if I cancel the subscription as soon as they arrive? What are they gonna do? Hunt me down? They'll remotely deactivate them, and they'll keep billing you, and they might take legal action. All of which you've agreed to by signing up. If they get stolen, you have to send them an official police report to get new ones, which will probably be refurbished. If you break them, you have to pay them $20 to get new ones, which makes me think, are these only worth $20? Am I paying the full price of these every four months in perpetuity and I still don't own them? - [Narrator] You love music. - The only way doing it like this makes sense is if you wanna try them out first, low risk, right? You rent 'em for a couple of months, you don't like 'em, you send 'em back at your own expense. But, if you do like them, since this is the only way to buy it, you just have to keep paying for it forever. I feel like I'm going crazy, because I've never seen a subscription model like this with a device. Yeah, a lot of stores will give you the option to split up a big purchase into multiple payments, so you can pay it off. But you wouldn't rent a TV, you wouldn't download a car. Maybe I'm wrong about this. I don't know, I didn't try it out myself. If any of you guys have experience with this, let me know, 'cause I'm curious. Nura has a good reputation, but there are some really bad reviews for this specific service, so I don't know what to think. But, anyway, let's go and speed through these last two. I saw an ad for this sweatshirt and immediately knew I was gonna buy it for Amanda. She loves the library. But, of course, if it's a present, now I have to worry about wrapping it. Luckily, I just saw this ad by Sweetietop-hot, which is definitely the title of a porn video, for a scissors emoji Christmas gift wrapping paper, buy more, save more, fairy emoji, fairy emoji. This shit's been on my wishlist for years. All right, well, I've got everything ordered. Now, all I gotta do is wait for it all to get here, which I'm sure it will. About that, so this wrapping paper thing, I bought it on November 12th. It has since gone from China to the United States, where it's been sort of just roaming around for the past three weeks without any updates. I don't think I'm gonna get that. Luckily, I've narrowed it down to being somewhere in the country, so I'll find it. And the Bean Bed, how do I put this? This product is not real. The Bean Bed is fake, and I've been scammed again. So, what happened here? Well, apparently, there was a furniture designer in 2011 who came up with the idea for this bed, which I'm starting to realize now is just a big blanket on top of a couch. Little did she know that, 10 years later, someone would find this unfortunately thorough photo shoot and use it to create a fake website with a fake product that can only be bought using real money, including mine. Luckily, their refund policy states that I can get my money back as soon as I return the Bean Bed, which is gonna be hard to do, on account of it not existing. So, who's responsible for this? Well, mostly, it's my fault. When I make these videos, I tend to ignore all the red flags, because it's more fun that way. I also tend to rush through the purchasing process, because I want the products to arrive as soon as possible, so I can make the video. Had I done perhaps one second of research, I would have noticed that there was a single Twitter account in particular who was telling everyone on that post where they can buy the Bean Bed. No fucking way is right. Had I done two seconds of research, I would have noticed that nearly every single one of her 200 tweets is a link to the Bean Bed. Totally normal behavior for someone not financially benefiting from this, wouldn't you say, Alyssa? If that is your real name. Actually, it might be. I think her account was hacked. Before disappearing for a month, her most recent tweet borrows the same format as the original one we saw. Where can I get this? Only to link people to yet another fictional product. When I realized what happened, I cried for three days and then I reported the Twitter account, and now I just hope, somehow, this website gets taken down. 'Cause I saw a few other people on the post say that they also tried to buy one. To be clear, yes, we should have known better, but it's a pretty convincing website, that first glance. Just let this serve as a reminder to you to always be careful what you buy online, because you might just end up with nothing, or worse, a Moon Pod. Now, let's go review all the other shit I bought. Since my fairy emoji paper cutter never showed up, I was forced to wrap this present the old fashioned way. In other words, it was a complete disaster. Everything the website warned me about was coming true. That cuts are comes out so jagged that it looks like there was an earthquake happening while I was cutting it. My scissors kept breaking. I got tape all over me. In total, it took me about three hours and 15 tries just to cut the paper to the right length. This truly is both outdated and frustrating. When I was finally done, I nervously brought it over to my wife, who was so disgusted, so utterly repulsed at my piss poor wrapping attempt, that she instantly left the house and filed for a divorce. Ever since then, I've been spiraling out. My life is falling apart. So, let's try to stain this shirt. I forgot I bought two of 'em. Warning, keep this plastic bag away from babies and children. Do not use this bag in crib. But this is my son's favorite toy. (plastic crinkling) Wow, that's a shirt. What do they do on TikTok? ♪ Now everybody look like- ♪ Or something like that. I mean, I think it fits pretty good. It's nice and stretchy. It's hard to show that on camera, but just trust me, okay? You can stretch it a little bit. All right, but let's cut the crap. What you guys really came for were the stain tests. Oh, man, I'm so thirsty and weak. I don't think I can make it to my mouth. Damn, that's kinda crazy. I'm making more of a mess in my tub than I am on my shirt. You guys seeing this shit? Okay, it passed the Powerade check, but now I'm feeling kind of naughty. I think I accidentally spiked my coffee with alcohol. Oh shit, where's my mouth? (coffee spilling) What the hell, man? I didn't really care that much about the science for those CBD strips, I'm way more curious about the science of this shirt. I guess it's just not like a traditional fabric. There probably isn't any cotton in it. I think if it was a more comfortable shirt, it would be impossible to just repel liquids like this, but color me impressed, 'cause there's a lot of colors on the floor. That would work better if there were stains on my shirt, because then you could see the colors. Right now, I'm just standing in a sticky pile of liquid. The only thing left to try now is I saw a video on their Instagram of someone pouring water in the shirt pocket and then drinking it out of there. So, bottoms up, You guys can't see it, but there's a little puddle of water in my pocket. This is brilliant. I could wear this to a movie theater and sneak my own drink in. (Drew slurping) (water spurting) (Drew laughing) It's so weird. It doesn't get wet. I should be impressed, but I'm kind of just freaked out. I guess I do have to wonder, how do you wash the shirt though if it doesn't absorb water? Isn't it just gonna repel all the water in the washing machine? This is what a washing machine looks like. Okay, I'm impressed. Somehow, none of this got on my shirt. That's actually pretty insane. Finally, the easiest shoes I'll ever put on. No tying, no pulling, no heel crushing, no hands. But what about feet? I still have to use my feet, right? You're not gonna take that from me, are you? (packaging crinkling) All right. What do you think? Ah, the first thing the box says is no tying, and yet, here I am, tying. Uh, they kind of work. I mean, I like the way they look. They feel like decent shoes. They're actually pretty soft on the inside. I'm impressed with all of the standard shoe properties that these shoes have, but I mostly bought them for the unique thing that was advertised, which is being able to just step into them. Let me try that again. Uh, okay, that one went pretty well. I don't know, what do you guys think? (feet tapping) I'll have to take these on and off for a few days, wear 'em out on the town, before I really can give my true opinion on them. Hi, boo boo. She wants to be on cameras so bad. I don't know. I'm gonna try popping them on again. Okay, I think the more you do it, the easier it gets. (bell dinging) So, I always tend to lean negative in these videos, because I know, if I say something nice, people are gonna assume I'm secretly sponsored by the company. And it's like, sometimes I just like stuff, not everything is an ad. I've been wearing these shoes for a couple of weeks, and, honestly, I think they're great. They fit good, they're comfortable. I love that you can just pop 'em on. I mean, it's such an insignificant thing, but it's the little things in life. I would say the biggest negative is just that they're overpriced. They're kind of just like regular Vans, except you're spending twice as much because of the convenience, which, to me, is worth it, as long as I can get a couple years out of them, 'cause then it's like, that's a lot of convenience. In general, shoes have one of the highest price ranges of any product. You can find pretty decent ones for $20, or, if you'd rather, you can spend $20,000. Most of the time, they still accomplish the same task. But the important thing is my Instagram outfit is finally finished. Shirt, pants, shoes, and belt. This is the official wardrobe of sponsored Instagram posts. This outfit was personally designed by none other than Mark Zuckerberg himself, and ever since doing so, he's carefully planted each element as its own individual advertisement to be dispersed at random. And now, just like Ariel's underwater cave of garbage, my collection's complete. Also, I look like shit. Well, I'm just excited to tell my gaming to the next level. (knife scoring) So, I ordered a thick roll of tape and a thin one, one for my wrists and forearms, and then one for my little fingies. (bells chiming) What the fuck is this? Did I open the wrong thing? They sent me Superpower fortifying hair and scalp serum. This isn't my tape! Superpower serum helps strengthen your follicles, promote growth, and provides all round protection, so that you and your hair feel ready to save the world every single day. This isn't what I bought. I gotta figure out what the fuck is happening. I just wanted to check my tracking number that they sent me. This is the package, but this is what I got; two scalp serums. Originally, I ordered one eight foot roll standard and one eight foot roll slim. These are both $20 each, so I spent 40 bucks on both of these. This scalp spray is apparently worth $47 and I got two of them. So, when you think about it, I actually turned a profit here. What the hell is going on? I feel like I'm cursed. I feel like I've accidentally uncovered some sort of money laundering scheme, or some underground drug ring, except, instead of cocaine, they're sending people hair juice. I'm just so confused. I did everything right, and this video is falling apart before my eyes. I had one chance left to redeem what had quickly turned into my most disastrous video to date. Its name, the Sleep Pod. This is great. After everything that's transpired, I could definitely use some sleep, and I could also use a hug, so let's see if this will provide both. Wow, remember when you were a kid, and you would have field day, and you would do the sack races? That's what this is, but you sleep in it. (soft music) Wouldn't you know it, I just had the best sleep of my life. Thanks, hugs, Sleep Pod. Is it stylish? Yes. Is it comfortable? Is it exactly the same thing as a regular blanket that you could just roll around in? Is it hugging me back? No. Is it changing my life? Is it worth $80? So, what did we learn today? I learned that I look really great in a gray evening gown. I learned that there's roughly a 50 percent success rate when it comes to random online purchases. I think I've also learned that the more I engage with sponsored posts on Instagram, the more I buy things from there, the worse the ads start to get. Now, they're literally just giving me ads for anything; a little keyboard brush from Smarthomee i. Sure, he'll buy that shit. This guy buys anything, he's such an idiot. And you know what? Maybe I am an idiot, but at least I look cool as hell. And now, a word from today's sponsor. Today's video is sponsored by Current, who gave me $5,000 to give away to whoever I wanted. And I just thought of the perfect prank. What if, instead, I just take that money and donate it to relief funds for the tornadoes that just went through the Midwest a couple of weeks ago? I could even match it myself to make it $10,000. They'd be so confused. Well, it turns out they actually liked that idea, so I don't think they felt very pranked, but then they gave me another $5,000 to give away to you guys. All you have to do to enter is download the Current app using my link in the description with my code, DREWHOLIDAY, and 10 people will be randomly chosen to win $500 each. It's free to sign up, so don't even think about not. You can read more about them at current.com, like how when you sign up for direct deposit, you can get your paycheck up to two days faster, and now they've got over 40,000 ATMs all over the United States with no fees to withdraw money, and how the debit card looks cool as hell. But, if you do download it, just make sure to use the link in the description, so they know how you got there, and use my code, DREWHOLIDAY, which is also the name of my alter ego from a low budget Christmas movie. Thank you to Current for sponsoring today's video and giving back to all of my fans, 'cause I was never gonna do it. Hey, guess what just got here? My wrapping paper cutter. (paper ripping) I got it. Christmas is over though, so guess I'll use it next year. Thanks for watching, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fylo_o [3 likes]: the headphones feel exactly like that one episode of its always sunny in Philadelphia where they were renting a couch for years
  2. @6e111a [1 likes]: 6:45 $5 x 12 months = $60; $60 x 10 years = $600
  3. @pri.74777: YOU COULDVE FILED A CHARGEBACK
  4. @ZombieGravitation: Love this playlist a good sleeping one. Lol
  5. @IzzyB-rt4rf: 7:58 back in the 80's / 90's, my nan rented her telly
  6. @9_dog_race: 8:01 oh god he’s a tumblrina
  7. @RoryStarr: If you plan on purchasing anymore beanbags, drew, let us know so we can avoid it.
  8. @alecboi777: you wouldn’t download nura headphones
  9. @Dreaming7777: It’s a real chicken or the egg-toilet conundrum. I like falling asleep to this video. The cbd tape music 😴
  10. @claraberry7806: Selfish youtubers like this are why I don't pay taxes
  11. @xTRTSCx: 11:10 chargeback?
  12. @user-hq6jq5pl9n: Song at 17:20?
  13. @LipidTea: 7:47 well here we are playstation and xbox renting consoles out NOT TO OWN......
  14. @nullspaceindustries: I've definitely seen appliance rentals for things like TVs, fridges, washing machines, but never on a small thing like earbuds, never direct from the manufacturer and never as the ONLY way you can have the thing. Even among device rentals those buds are bizarre
  15. @master12726: 12:20 Trying to remember the name of this song has been killing my partner and I
  16. @Kmichaelcook87: 4:14 “As a kid, Ben hated dress shirts…” and his barber, I reckon 😬
  17. @apocalyps586: BEANS! Goblet of Fire videogame Ron approves
  18. @ologames1185: 7:46 in the Benelux and Germany, there's a company called Coolblue and they offer a subscription for a washing machine and dryer. The cheapest combination is 36 euro every month and you can only cancel after an entire year. The whole thing with that subscription is that if the machines break they will be replaced or fixed within 2 days and that's free. 

But, like. We've had our washing machine and dryer for at least 7 years and it never broke beyond a point that my dad couldn't fix. 36 per month is A LOT
  19. @T.M.034: 7:51 that is an insane attempt at an infinite money glitch, specially for EAR BUDS which you can buy anywhere for 5$.
  20. @WayneReese: Polo😊❤😅

- Stop Losing Money with Youtube Ads! Fix These 3 Media Buying Mistakes That You're Likely Making...: Kind: captions Language: en Hi guys snowden interesting friendly YouTubers World Slots for new sout experts and keep Out for the game World trying to fit your business and sons and I'm Single frequency echosounder stage from the people and our health and if you're out out [ __ ] free Now the reason I spend it on on YouTube YouTube should be seen everything mystique time should wear And if you want people from the new players are Khair I am not sure What istighfar begging to talk quickly olshop survey completed know raison show the Shaykh Family The first mestika Enough so I blindfolded understand is on Facebook ytye count simple you gonna Find You look like a princess and you go on Google and YouTube On Other hand writing software will find some time to work hour work it out [ __ ] Soul and yoghurt yoghurt Countdown breisach future research from YouTube workforce much so much so much for each form of people say they are OK the National Police Chief process Android and one in the world How far I'll go this keyboard brother something you are the most people start Day Two teens episode work paigonpersonal under Words you at Beach style webhosting000 Princess paintwork soblog understand about ice Mouse belting youtube.com know you so well That's Should Never Ending credits Yes already there crushes syakhsul and aldya at work with and the friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends friends great media files are indexed credits credits people usually laprin Democrat achsanul Om Twilight Now I Get Rich chigga start downloading this sobisco software So I will give you the excellent health and Hair MNC media bar for your favorite heart and soul comedians wentworth video omeroxol X learning more about Khoirul Anwar subscribe and like comment section see you first

  Top Comments:
  1. @AllAccessConstruction: So "remodeling" is considered a test audience
  2. @legitpassion6234: Good stuff
  3. @tube-fitpm1292: Please enable subtitles on your video
Thank you

- Top 10 MOST Powerful Negotiation Tips | Black Swan Method | Chris Voss: Kind: captions Language: en Now, let's dive in. Number one, is now a bad time to talk? Now, we're going to give you several nooriented questions in a row because they're awesome and they help get you an advantage right away. But one of the things I'm going to underscore on these nooriented questions is the issue of decision fatigue. Now, look, everybody's got the same problem. We all suffer from decision fatigue. you suffer from decision fatigue. What does that mean? What that means is there are only so many decisions you can make in a given day. There are only so many decisions any human being can make in a given day. That's one of the reasons why if you're in prison and you come up for parole, you want to come up for parole in the morning instead of the afternoon because in the afternoon they're going to give you no decision. They're not going to be able to make a decision. You're more likely to stay in jail. This is not parole and parole board issues. This is human nature issues. There only so many decisions there only so much gas anybody has in a tank to make decisions on a given day. And that's going to be a result of, you know, how much sleep they got the night before, what their diet is, what they ate that day, whether or not they ate carbs, where they are in their circadian rhythm. Everybody hits a circadian low roughly about 3:00 a.m. and about 300 pm. It's just part of being a human being. Decision fatigue issues. However, we found in a black sworn group through practice and application that people are capable of saying no at pretty much any time of the day. I had an intern a number of years ago only wanted to ask me how and what questions because he was horrified about making a mistake. middle of the afternoon, he'd be asking me how and what questions and I just didn't have the gas in the tank to answer them to be able to engage in that deep thinking as Danny Conorman would say. So consequently, I'd say like, I don't know, don't bother me. Leave me alone instead of giving him an answer. Finally, I said, "Look, don't ever ask me a question after one o'clock in the afternoon where the answer isn't no because I could say no and I can think through the next several steps and give them guidance." We've used this on a regular basis. You got to get into practice using no oriented questions. And number one is the flip side of the most common thing you're saying on a regular basis, which is wrong. Actually, it's not that it's wrong. It's just not great. You say, "Have you got a few minutes to talk?" Now, I know you mean that respectfully, and we're not throwing respect out the window here. The Black Swan method is actually extremely respectful. Is now a bad time to talk? Test drive it. Use it on a regular basis. build your no oriented questions, mental synapses, and experiment with the sort of answers that you get. You're going to like them. And as a side note, I would say to you, anybody that would say yes to that, do you really want to talk to them then at that moment when they've actually said yes to that? No, you don't. All right. Number two, is it a ridiculous idea? Use this in place of is it a good idea for all the same reasons that I just gave you. You got to get your practice in. Number three, are you against XYZ? Whatever it may be, instead of are you in favor of Again, you've got to use this to get into practice. We had a woman at a in a uh hospital services company once who was a little skeptical of our no oriented questions approach. Walked out of the room during the training and reached out to the head nurse in a hospital about a program that she'd been trying to get the head nurse to accept that the head nurse had been rejecting. Instead of saying, "Do you want to agree or would you like to do this?" She said, "Are you against?" And then asked the question. The head nurse immediately said, "No." They came to an agreement and they implemented the program. She came walking back in the room and said, "You guys are not going to believe what just happened." I've been trying to get agreement on this for weeks and I switched from a yes question to a no question and cut the deal. Got to get your reps in. Number four, have you given up on X? Whatever that X may be, this is contextdriven. What's the context? It has to be something they've already started on. Otherwise, you're using a black swan skill as a manipulative trap, which is not what we advise. They have to have already started on this. Now, when do you use this? You use this when they are ghosting you. they've gone silent on you. This will restart your conversation 999 times out of a thousand. Don't let the fact that it stops one or a thousand times stop you, scare you. Nothing works all the time. This works more than anything else does. And what makes it work? Well, you got to keep this in mind. Your system is perfectly designed to give you the outcome you've obtained. If they've gone silent on you, you've been doing something to contribute to them going silent on you. You probably been explaining. You've probably been pitching. You probably been educating. Got to stop all these things. Restart the conversation with this one shot restart. And then your very next move is you got to get a TR out of them. What's a TR? That's right. How do you get a TR? How do you get a that's right? You got to summarize their perspective, particularly their reservations, their reasons for not doing it, what they're up against, the difficulty of what they might be facing, and then go dead silent. You do not go but here's why those aren't good reasons. You got to go dead silent and get a that's right out of them. If you can't get a that's right out of them at that point, you've got to say it sounds like I've left something out. That's a bonus response for you to use here, which is not on our top 10 list, but helps you get farther in your conversations. Number five, and we're going to get into the category here with letting out Noah a little at a time. A person that I consider a good friend and I'm really impressed with. Ned Kleti, former GM of the Los Angeles Dodgers. We were sitting around talking about negotiation one time. Ned is a phenomenal negotiator and he told me the phrase, "I like to let out no a little at a time." This is a great attitude. You do not want to let people get blindsided by you suddenly saying no. You've got to let it out a little at a time. And the first way of letting out no a little at a time in a highly collaborative way is how am I supposed to do that? Now many of you know this is one of the most famous lines with the black swan method and it's pretty much the opening story in the book Never Split the Difference. How am I supposed to do that? And we originally conceived of this as a way to passively say no, even passively aggressively against the throat cutting negotiators that are really trying to kick your backside. And what it is in many other ways is it's an implementation question. How questions are about implementation. It's designed to let the other side realize that there's some implementation issues here. This also falls in the category of what Brandon Voss has labeled forced empathy. It forces the other side to take a good empathic look at your situation. We use empathy because it works and we use empathy because we want to get it in return. You're going to use empathy because it works and you're going to use empathy because you want it in return. and how am I supposed to do that is a great starting point for that. Now, what happens if they turn around and say, "Well, that's your problem." They put it right back on you, which will happen occasionally. Once had a woman say, "I used how am I supposed to do that and it didn't work because they shot back right at me and told me how I was supposed to do that." Well, number one, the fact is it's not that it didn't work. The fact is is that it's giving you a better, clearer picture of the situation. They throw it right back on you. They're telling you they're not interested in showing you any empathy. That's an interesting clue that maybe you don't want to do business with them. All right, I'm going to give you two ways to subscribe to the Black Swan Group's negotiation newsletter, which is free. Doesn't cost you anything. I had a colleague with the FBI that used to like to say, "If it's free, I'll take three." Here's how you subscribe to The Edge if you're in the United States. If you're not, I'll give you a method right afterwards. Send the text to the number is 33LE7. That's 33777. The text message that you send is Black Swan Method. Black Swan Method 2337. It's concise. It's actionable. That's the most important parts of this. Concise and actionable comes to your email inbox on Tuesday mornings when you're ready to rock and roll and get after the week. Now, if you're not inside the United States, you see the Black Swan website, the homepage. You go up on the right hand side here on this menu here, you see blog. Click on that. Bang, you're at the negotiation edge. On the right hand side right here, subscribe. First name and email. Sign up now. There's a ton of free information on this site on the Black Swan Group website. Home. Look at it. Get everything free that we have. If it's free, you should take three. And in the model of letting out no a little at a time, here's the next no that you let out, which is number six on our list, and it is your offer is very generous. I'm afraid that just doesn't work for me. Now, here's the beauty aspects of this. You mentioned generous. You want to encourage generosity on their part. That's a good thing for you to throw into this statement. Second part, it just doesn't work for me. That removes the problem of external criteria. Now, my academic brothers and sisters like to talk about, well, let's agree on an external criteria. Why should you agree to the external criteria? Maybe the external criteria is okay and appropriate in a neutral situation or in situations other than yours. But why should external criteria apply to you? In many cases, it doesn't. You want to remove an agreement on external criteria from the conversation because they're only going to agree to external criteria that works against you and you don't want to put yourself in that corner. This is a great way to come back with a much stronger no. One of the students in our class at Georgetown said they use that phrase, "Your offer is very generous, but I'm sorry, it just doesn't work for us." And he said the people on the other side of the table looked at each other and then looked back at him and said, "You're right. It is high." Now, that's an interesting response because you want to have an impact on what you say, what you say and what they hear. You want them to get across in their brain. The stuff doesn't work. There's a pretty good chance it's too high. You don't want them to feel backed into a corner when you're letting out no a little at a time. And this is a great way to do that. Don't back people into a corner. they will disagree even when it's not in their interest to disagree. Taking away their autonomy is a bad idea. And that's what happens when you back people into a corner. Now, number seven, this is another counterintuitive response. And you use it for when somebody calls you and says, "How are you today?" Instead of saying, "Fine, you know, how are you?" or uh my back hurts or it's a wonderful day. When they're calling you and saying, "How are you today?" What are they really trying to find out? Well, they're really trying to find out, are you in a mental place to talk about what I want to talk about? So, here's how you short circuit this conversation in a way that builds rapport that they appreciate, gathers information, and preserves your most precious commodity and theirs, which is time. It sounds like you've got a place you want to start. They are going to love this. Of course, they have a place they want to start. They've thought about it before they called you. Now, every now and then, somebody's going to say to you, "Yeah, I do have a place I want to start, but I really want to know how are you today." Cool. Then engage in a conversation. And then you can get back to the place they wanted to start. Everybody wins. Number eight, another counterintuitive response. And this is how you should respond to questions. when you are asked a question. So the first way to respond to questions and number eight on our list is what makes you ask just like that. Now when somebody asks you a question what's more important is the question behind the question. What makes you ask? For two reasons. Number one, most people are not good at asking questions. That question may be a result of a committee decision. You know, uh how good a committee is? Well, let me give you an example. A giraffe is a horse designed by a committee. So, committee decision questions are going to be off. On number two, what's really driving at what make them ask is far more important than what they actually asked. So, you got to find out. And this is not disrespectful. They're going to be happy to tell you. And if they're not, well, that tells you a lot about them, too. And how can you respond if they say just answer the question? Your response is, I want to make sure that I answer what you're really asking me. I'm just trying to dial in to what you're really after. More respect. If they don't like respect from you, that tells you a lot about them and whether or not you should continue to be in business with them. Now, what happens if it's a middle of the afternoon, they're decision fatigue, they're having trouble coming up with an answer, it's too indepth, the alternate to great calibrated questions, and what makes you ask is a calibrated question. You want to ask an alternative label, an asking label if you will. And so number nine on our list is the alternative to what makes you ask and that is it seems like you have a good reason for asking that or it seems like you have a good reason for asking that. I gave you both inflections there. Make sure you shut the front door right after you use that label. What does that mean? Go silent. Count thousands to yourself if you have to. Let them break the silence. You won't get past three. Be prepared to count to 10 and wait respectfully. This is a respectful dynamic and respect is one of your best choices. Finally, number 10 on the top 10 list of black swan negotiation bullets. You're going to use this when the other side is failing to perform. When they're not living up to an agreement, what do you say? It seems like you have a reason for not doing. And then whatever it is that they didn't do, X Y perform, finish the contract, finish the work, call me back. They're going to have a reason. They're probably afraid to tell you. This is the best way to re-engage a collaborative approach to whatever the problem is so that they feel safe and respected. Always the keys to a long-term relationship. So, these were the 10 most powerful negotiation bullets of the Black Swan method. Share this video across your network. Share with the people that are on your side. Remember, if you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go as a team and let the Black Swan Group continue to help you uplevel your negotiation skills.

  Top Comments:
  1. @skbuydens7717 [11 likes]: I have often used, "Would it be a stupid idea...?" It works!
  2. @Eleven.11.C [1 likes]: Would it be a crazy idea for you to give me all your money 🤑 
.Yes !
 Sounds like you have a reason for saying that ?

Gotta get those reps in !
  3. @cristianopadilha5768 [1 likes]: I can't like this video any more,.
.Chris Voss is a genius
  4. @jamessmith-o6s [1 likes]: Do a podcast on the negotiations between Trump and Zielinski and give us your opinion
  5. @KhadijaAlkhoori-q2n: 💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
  6. @peaceofficereaguiartactica3227: Good morning 

What follow-up question to a no oriented question can ruin the progress made with that no oriented question?
  7. @Qui_ose_gagne: Finally a really concrete video with explanation oh when use which question 🔥 merci !
  8. @erickjarquin2355: Mr Voss I just asked the question Have you given up on us as a supplier and I closed the deal.  Thank you 🙏
  9. @robertoacastillo: This is pure gold Chris, thanks for sharing
  10. @ibrahimal-khalaf8008: My sisters won’t know what him em
  11. @AmilaGamage-zs1ex: Thank you sir ❤
  12. @carrhole: All that's required is shu ha ri
  13. @loveserveascend: Master Negotiation 👍🏼
  14. @LetsTalkBIBLEE: Hey Chris, do you guys have a video that covers Small Talk?
I really do not like small talk but now as a leader, unfortunately I have no choice and I suck at it.
  15. @kozaTG: he looks and sounds like every word is slicing through his vocal chords on it's way out
  16. @RevampedOptimalTraining: Great information thank you 💪🏼
  17. @blacknatsu6623: Is he related to comedian Rich Voss?
  18. @niftyg33k: I've been trying for years to use black swan methods with trolls on social media. They work sometimes. It's more difficult when there's no tone to go with the words on their screen.
  19. @thatguynicky1979: “A giraffe is a horse designed by a committee”, what a hilarious take!
  20. @twl1979: Thank you for these videos and advice

- How to win a negotiation, with former FBI hostage chief Chris Voss: Kind: captions Language: en - My negotiation background really started even before I became an FBI hostage negotiator because I needed to get some training. And that training was really intense, focused listening on a suicide hotline. Really learning about emotional intelligence and what drives people, and then how to navigate that in a way that calms people down, makes people make decisions. - 'Gunmen burst into the Chase Manhattan Bank in Park Slope this morning. And ever since negotiators have been trying to get them to give up.' - 'Hostage negotiators used a bullhorn to try and talk to the gunman.' - 'Billy, we're on the same page.' - 'What persuaded the gunman finally to come out? - I think it was excellent hostage negotiating.' - People in intense situations aren't changing their patterns. They're still working in the same way that they would under less intense circumstances; they're still making the same decisions. So if you take hostage negotiation skills, which are navigating human emotions, and you put them in the middle of business and personal negotiations, you've actually got a great way to work your way through business negotiations, and personal and everyday life negotiations. If you think that successful negotiations are successful because of logic or arguments or reason or compromise, you're losing money- you're leaving millions of dollars on the table. And over the course of a lifetime, that could be true for everybody. Tactically, emotional intelligent negotiation is the way you make great deals, and the way you have great long-term relationships. And sometimes they miss that and they think that the problem is a person across the table. And that's why, oftentimes, that people think of it as conflict and actually treat it as conflict. Negotiation is really about what people are making decisions based on what they care about, what's your passions? Every decision you make, you make based on what you care about, which I'm afraid that by definition, that makes decision-making an emotional process. First of all, understanding where the other side's coming from and especially emotionally, and then being able to feed it back to them in a way that they signal to you that you've got it right. Understand and demonstrate that understanding. There are a lot of negotiators that really will give in on a deal because being understood is more important than getting what they want. So once we completely understand where somebody's coming from, then with tactical empathy, we get a much better feel for exactly how they feel about things, how that drives them- and then how we can interact with the things that are driving them. The reasons you won't make a deal are typically more important than the reasons you will make a deal. There's Nobel Prize-winning behavioral economics theory that says that people will put a value of losses on at least twice what an equivalent gain is. So losing $5 stings at least twice as much as gaining $5. Losing $5 feels like losing $10 or even $35- it's just a ridiculous skewing in our brains over loss. So knowing that fear of loss is probably going to drive someone's decision-making more than anything else, tactically, I want to diffuse those fears. I want to get them out of that fear-based thinking, and I want to get them really in a more rational, open frame of mind as quickly as I can, which is why, tactically and empathy, I wanna address their fears first. Well, labeling is the best way to practice tactical empathy: In its strictest form, it's just saying, or writing, "it seems like, it sounds like, it looks like," putting a label on the dynamic. And science is showing us now, that if we label a negative, it diminishes it. I'll actually say to somebody ahead of time, "Look, this is gonna sound really harsh, and there's a really good chance that when I get done saying what I'm gonna say, you're not gonna like me at all." And then I'll say what I have to say, and they'll say, "Wow, that wasn't that bad." So I know I can take a very preemptive approach to negative thinking because I know what a barrier it is to decision-making in business. The type of listening-I practice it as I teach it- is really kind of beyond active listening all by itself. We even sort of refer to it sometimes as 'listeners judo' because we're listening very carefully for certain things. We're listening for different aspects of what people care about, and what they're against at the same time. People will reveal the negatives, very much, either between the lines, a little bit of the adjectives, and in also in every positive there's a flip side negative; every negative, there's a flip side positive. If I make it a point of talking about how I'm for integrity, then if you're making it a point to state that then you've been betrayed in the past, that's been a problem for you in the past. There's a yin and yang to everything. And as soon as you realize that, that there's a negative to every positive and a positive to every negative, and you're listening for it, you can kind of pick out how you want to guide a discussion knowing that those are the things that you're looking for. I remember one time I was on the phone with a customer service airlines person, and that's gotta be a tough job because those people get yelled at all day long every day. Nobody calls customer service unless they're unhappy. And this woman was one of those women that she clearly she'd been yelled at 50 times during the day, and she was not interested in staying on the phone with me a moment longer than she had to. And I remember when I was off the phone and she had me on hold, I remember saying, "You know, I guarantee you this woman right now is thinking, she's saying to her colleagues, 'You know, this guy's lucky I'm talking to him on a phone at all!'" So I was thinking about the negative of that, and then I was about the flip side. Well in her view, if she thinks I'm lucky to be talking to her on the phone, then the flip side of that is she's actually being generous in her mind and her world. She came back on the phone and I said to her, "You know what? I really appreciate how generous you've been with your time." And I could tell immediately her frame of mind changed. She put me back on hold for about a minute and a half after that. And when she came back on the phone, she'd given me a full refund on my ticket. Most people, if you're nice to them, can help you by doing a little bit if you give them a chance. If you're just nice to people, it's amazing what they'll do for you. - That's awesome. - That was great story. - Thank you. - Thank you for awesomeness. - Get smarter, faster with videos from the world's biggest thinkers. And to learn even more from the world's biggest thinkers, Get Big Think+ for your business.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chakraqi6887 [1 likes]: 0:00​ What drives people? 
1:18​ Negotiation is NOT about logic
2:14​ 1. Emotionally intelligent decisions 
3:00​ 2. Mitigate loss aversion
4:48​ 3. Try “listener’s judo”
5:54​ Practice your negotiating skills
  2. @theepictale5383 [1 likes]: I wish someone would teach how to negotiate a settlement when the other side of the table only looks at profit.
  3. @muhammadzulqarnain6562: Recently, i had a precarious negotiating situation at 4-star hotel. I went for a Hi-Tea with a friend which costed 3500. However, when i asked for the bill they cost me double i.e. 7000. After asking for an explanation, they revealed that the cost doubled because two people ate from the bofay. however, i insisted that the waiter told the cost to be 3500 and my collegue only grabbed a cup of tea without taking anything else. they blamed me for not asking for the details. i realized that blaming the manager or the waiter would weaken my position and would lead to deadlock. In fact, i tried to rationalize their expensive bill by persuading them that my colleague did not eaten anything from the bufe and she only shared with me. The manager tried to blamed me but i tried tactical empathy by telling him to wave the bill.  i took a firm stance but avoided from blaming them, it all worked out
  4. @Vineeta-qy4vn: Think about it you you can become youtuber if you include this thing
  5. @Vineeta-qy4vn: May I help to increase CTR in just one second.....
But you are feeling like that 
You have hard but nobody tells about this
  6. @Vineeta-qy4vn: Nice 👍🏼 
But one is missing in this video and if you can see that 
One thing is killing your reach....and it makes your video CTR less
  7. @gc3729: So, manipulation with extra steps? 🤣🤣
  8. @TheCorinthian07: Thanks ❤
  9. @andrewchun4895: $33/min ACT composite min wage in Hoover high school.
How you short me $401k on 529 to 925 with PTO and benefits with stock options cash quarterly bonus in equity stock and/cash perks including tax credits with significant rescision for ill-gotten gains to provide for restitution, compensatory damages including indirect and direct economic costs incurred, in form of lost wages, reduced earnings capacity, exemplary damages, diminished qualify of life, for elderly non-decedent non-intestate living beneficiary.
  10. @YuliaGrushevskaya-bi6he: Great video😊
  11. @Jimmmy2X: Its ultimately manipulation. Though that word often has a negative connotation, it can work effectively for the greater good.
  12. @Oliver-x4p1c: Here for quiz assignment
  13. @Revivalistmindset2050: If this really works why the Americans fail negotiations with almost every country ?
  14. @aidenwrenn5342: Manage expectations and don’t be a dick.
  15. @CourtneyJDavid-p3bisstealing: This sounds like lies... First rule of criminology is criminals respond to criminals... So if you took a hostage be a hostage not "being an FBI agent has taught me..." So what table the goal of the horse chasing the carrot is to watch the horse lay on its back for the carrot, have you ever seen a horse lay on its back. This man will tell you what makes him perfect to make a deal with the ideals of negotiations when the negotiations are embracing their fear tactics hense a horse on its back. This is why criminals relate best to criminals hence a police officers first love is a perp their last love is a crime.
  16. @PernillaSimonssonKhammar: No one calls customer service unless they are unhappy.

I worked there for 8 months. At the end of it you also SELL. 

You take care of the bills and then the technical guidance, and last YOU SELL..IT IS HARD.
  17. @PernillaSimonssonKhammar: Ok.


When people INVEST in something they perceive it as a Loss. so you have to PAINT A VISION of what they will Gain by LOSING!!!

I AM A MASTER OF IT.

I WILL DO IT.

THANK YOU..❤
  18. @Marshalllapenta-b1m: Send out CIA Psychologists
Dr Jackly an Mr Hyde
  19. @meat4078: I DO NOT WANT.
  20. @Apofisbg: A good word can open many doors

- Never Split The Difference | Chris Voss | TEDxUniversityofNevada: Kind: captions Language: en I was an FBI hostage negotiator. Sounds like a cry for help, doesn't it? There were more people working in the federal building I worked in in New York City than a small town in Iowa I grew up in. My mom is still trying to figure out how all that happened. My mom, by the way, is a loving, no-nonsense, hardworking Midwestern mom who says what she means. You know what the difference between that kind of mom and a terrorist is? You can negotiate with a terrorist. You see there are similar experiences out there. When you're an FBI hostage negotiator, you deal with the mad, the bad, and the sad, to quote Tom Strentz, the godfather of the FBI's hostage negotiation program. That means you believe you never split the difference. How are you supposed to split the difference with some bad guy who's got four hostages, he wants a jet to Cuba and a million dollars? You say, "All right, we'll take two hostages, we'll give you a helicopter to New Jersey, you take an Uber from there." Of course not. One of the myths I'd like to dispel about hostage negotiators as well is that we can say whatever we want to get our way because these are one-off negotiations and we're never going to see the bad guy again. Well, hostage negotiators have repeat customers. There was a siege in a major city in the US. The bad guy was on the run for 10 days after having murdered four people. They finally get him cornered, he's got two hostages. The negotiator gets on the phone with him. The negotiator is a little excited. And the bad guy literally says to him on the phone, "You're not doing a good job. You're supposed to be establishing rapport with me." He'd been barricaded before. If the negotiator before would have lied to him or said what he had to say to get him out of there, lives would have been lost on down the line. So, we have repeat customers. We believe in reputation. We have integrity. So, one night, I walk into a bar with three other hostage negotiators. Now, I realize that sounds like a joke. Four hostage negotiators walk into a bar and they don't pay for anything. But this actually happened. The four of us walk into the bar and the place is packed. It is jumping. And I walk I look around and I see a seat empty at the bar and I go over and get ready to sit down in it. And the guy sitting next to the seat says, "Don't even think about it." Now, I'm a hostage negotiator. I'm going to talk to this guy. So, I said, "Why is that?" He says, "Cuz I'll kick your ass." I said, "I don't need that. I'm Chris." And I hold out my hand. The other negotiators with me swoop in, they put their arms around him, they say, "Hey, how you doing? Let us talk to you. You know, what's going on? Let's see what's going on." We find out this guy's a former Vietnam vet and his life is in a shambles. It's a mess. No job, no girlfriend. He's out He perceives the world as celebrating and happy. And he's miserable. And that's why the seat's empty, you know, everybody tried to sit down there, he offered to fight him. Now, I know from hostage negotiation, if you get the hostage takers to use the hostage's name, it makes it much, much harder for them to hurt him. When I'm some nameless guy, he's ready to hit me. Soon as I become Chris, everything changes. And how was I supposed to split the difference with that guy anyway? Sit on his lap? Sit under the chair? Right. So, what do you do if you're armed with this tactical empathy from hostage negotiation after you leave the FBI and you're looking for gainful employment? How do you find a real job? And you write a book. I wrote the book Never Split the Difference with Tahl Raz and Brandon Voss about applying the tactical empathy from hostage negotiation to the bullies and the liars that we encounter every day, to the bad, the mad, and the sad we run into in our jobs, in our social interactions, at our family gatherings, at the breakfast tables. I saw a meme recently, I thought it was really funny. It said, "You know, this parenting is really wearing me out. I think I'll try something less stressful like being a hostage negotiator." Tactical empathy. Weapons-grade empathy. Did you ever imagine hearing those two words combined in the same sentence? In Never Split the Difference, we define tactical empathy as simply taking an inventory of the perspective of the person you're talking to, to the adverse of the adversary, the counterpart, especially the parts that we don't like. And then telling them what it is, describing them back to them calmly. No denials, no disagreements, calmly. Now, tactical empathy works because we all possess this human nature wiring. It works on a human nature level. We've got something in our brains called the limbic system. Everybody has that. It's components of the brain. It doesn't matter what your gender, your ethnicity, or where you grew up. You have a limbic system in you. Everyone has that. That's the reason every hostage negotiation team in the world, from Baghdad to Bogota to Boston, uses the same skills. Cuz it's human nature wiring that we all possess. Now, that's its shortcoming. It only works with people. So, I'll give you another human nature secret, insider's tip. We all have one way we tell the truth, one way. We might lie five to seven different ways, but you've got one way you tell the truth. And that's the way a polygraph works. And the way Khalid Sheikh Mohammed was identified by two colleagues of mine as the mastermind of 9/11. Now, the way a polygraph works is you come inside, they they sit you down, they hook you up to this machine, they put all these wires and these gauges on you. And they ask you a series of control questions to lay down your one way of telling the truth. You know, what day is it? Where are you? What's your name? What did you have for breakfast? They get get your baseline for truth-telling. Then they ask you the hard questions. Did the dog really eat your homework? Were you really in the bathroom when the fight broke out? It doesn't matter which of the many ways you might come out of your truth-telling. The only thing that matters is that you came out of the truth-telling baseline. Now, a few months after 9/11, a secret government agency had a terrorist in custody in a secret location outside the United States. The terrorist was badly wounded. And they were worried that he was going to die and they needed to get somebody in to interview him that knew knew the substance of the case. And two colleagues of mine were the only ones close by. And the reason why they were worried this guy was going to die and move on to the next life was the only reason that they were going to let my let my colleagues come in, let FBI agents come in and talk to him. So, they get together and they say they've got a picture of the person they know to be the organizer of 9/11, but the picture is not good enough for them to be able to tell exactly who it is. So, they say, "We just talk to this guy long enough till he knows we know what he looks like when he tells the truth. And then we lay the picture on him, see what he says." So, they talk to him, they show him the picture, and they say, "Who is this?" And he looks at them and says, "You know who it is." And they go, "No, we don't. That's why we're asking." He says, "It's Ramsey's uncle." Ramsey, the Ramsey he's talking about is Ramzi Yousef, who's in uh American prison doing life. And he's the mastermind of the first World Trade Center attack back in 1993. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is his uncle, in fact, the organizer of the 9/11 attack. And the interesting part about this at the time is most of the US government doesn't think Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is involved with Al-Qaeda at all, let alone organizing the attack. And that's how he was identified with that human nature truth. Now, what's the point? The point is that even terrorists are humans. And there are human nature rules that apply to all of us in all situations. So, several years ago, while I'm still with the FBI, I'm up at Harvard Law School's negotiation course, and I'm going through their negotiation course because Harvard and the FBI have the same definition of empathy. Bob Mnookin, the head of their program on negotiation, says empathy is just describing and demonstrating an understanding of the needs, interests, and perspective of your counterpart without necessarily agreeing. And it goes on to say, "It's not about liking or sympathy in any way." And I'm thinking, "I can get behind that. How am I supposed to like a terrorist?" This is perfect. In sum and substance, the FBI on one hand and Harvard on the other have the same definition of empathy. So, while I'm up there, I'm looking for some more academic, scientific evidence that backs this idea up of universal human nature wiring. And one of the brilliant instructors up there, Sheila Heen, talks about a book called The Decart's Error. And it's a study and scientific proof that emotions are intertwined in all of our decisions. We make our decisions based on what we care about, which makes decision-making by definition of emotional process. And I'm thinking, "Perfect. Eureka. This is exactly what I'm looking for." The only problem is I have never heard of the philosopher named Descartes. So I write down Dick Hart, d i c k. d i c k h e a r t. Dick Hart. And I go home and I Google Dick Hart and I can't find him anywhere. I'm thinking I don't know why Sheila is so impressed with this guy. Nobody ever heard of him. Dick Hart's error is that he needs a PR person so people know who the heck he Eventually though I do figure it out. All right, last story. A friend, a colleague, a client uses a transformative skill of tactical empathy to cut million dollar deals in a tech sector. He's enormously successful. He's at a family gathering. His young sister has had too much to drink. Now his young sister is a primary caregiver of their dying father and the stress on her is enormous. And he's seen her before at these types of gatherings lash out at other people when she starts in on him. And he realizes now it's his turn. He sent me an email that said, "I just wanted to make her feel heard and to not dispute a thing that she said." It went on for an hour. The next day she sends him an email that says, "Yesterday I attacked you and you showed me nothing but love. Thank you for being my big brother." Ladies and gentlemen, the bad, the mad, the sad are everywhere. They're us. Don't let just terrorists and bank robbers be the beneficiary of this transformative skill. Use tactical empathy on the people you talk to, your adversaries. Turn them into counterparts. Turn them into loved ones. And never split the difference. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thequietleaderhq [1 likes]: If you’ve never read his book, you should. The anecdotes, the learning. Before you realise it, you’ve finished reading it and want to start again.
  2. @ThuyVo-xe6ps [1 likes]: Yes, Midwest charms oozes from you during your videos! Thank you for that!
  3. @bretabderahmen3785: Yeah go ahead and give us nothing 😊
  4. @cyclocircle2319: Talking a lot, saying very little.
  5. @thegirl555: Is this really only 12mins? 
I need more 😂
  6. @Pilotelev-i4i: Pay attention to how the presentation is constructed: the leads, the logical sequence, the feeling you get from the message at the end. A masterpiece in public speaking.
  7. @dimaoAI: His voice is really something)
  8. @behjani1: :😂
  9. @behjani1: Mount
  10. @behjani1: 🌚
  11. @belovedlightlove: This guy wants his fantasies to be affirmed. The truth does matter -- MOSSAD did 9/11.
  12. @lora_alexandrova: Lol. Love this Chriss Voss stand up. He is barely making any points. He is just telling jokes 😂 love 💕
  13. @LOLO-lm7pr: Empathy is understanding your drowning, but not jumping in and drowning with you.
  14. @xandergr8t: Ta
  15. @nancysmith9487: How about we save Time and effort. Instead of a battle feel like your winning... Reasonable I'm out. Alittle less knowing your coming back for more business, products etc.. that's more of winning then battling over difference... Sum it up in a paragraph. 
Welcome
  16. @kareemlane7126: 💯
  17. @ZainabOyinkansola-nv8kf: I think we need subtitles in tedx talk
  18. @nada_msu: I don't know why but I suddenly feel like watching The Godfather movies back2back
  19. @josephthomas2226: I've listened to him dozens of times and read his book twice. My first Mentor in negotiation was Rodger Dawson. My second is Chris Voss.
  20. @LeandroGutierrez-w5k: Es descabellada está idea?💚💚

- FBI’s Top Hostage Negotiator: The Art Of Negotiating To Get Whatever You Want: Chris Voss | E147: Kind: captions Language: en two of the three remaining hostages were killed and they were shot by friendly fire that was the first time that i'd worked anything where people had gotten killed former fbi kidnapping negotiator best-selling co-author of the founder and principal of the black swan group i'm chris voss how important is it generally in negotiations to listen whether it's business or law enforcement if i take the time to to really hear somebody out in our first deal then every deal after that will come to me faster it's critical i'm so compelled to ask you like what is the cost that we don't get to see of your job you know you get you get really wrapped up in your work and i think you tend to become distant in your personal life the closer you are to someone sometimes you just it's really harder for you to see things from their perspective the truth sometimes is a knife to the heart right like you go through a traumatic event are you traumatized by it then never recover or is there post-traumatic stress growth where you took that and decided to be better than you ever were before because you never want to let that happen again so without further ado i'm stephen bartlett and this is the direva ceo usa edition i hope nobody's listening but if you are then please keep this yourself [Music] chris you've lived a extraordinary life for many many reasons which i'm sure we're going to go into but um i guess my first question is what do i need to know about your upbringing your early years if i am to understand the man you are today i think really that my father just required that that we work hard and then we figure stuff out like my father was an entrepreneur and then no matter how old you are even i started working for him probably when i was about 11 but the downside of working for a guy that would never ask you to do anything he wouldn't do himself if there is anything that he wouldn't do himself just because it needed to be done then like you get asked to figure out some crazy stuff like you know a middle-class entrepreneur you know blue collar you know guy and i remember i think it was about 11. he decided he wanted a new garage in the backyard and we had to get rid of the old garage and you know he handed me and my 13 year old sister crowbars and said go out and tear down the old garage he just kind of you know he's got to figure stuff out and so i really grew up in an environment of working really hard it he never preached this ethics but we were you know very ethical you know honest hard working and figure stuff out which is if that's your attitude there isn't that much you can't do and that was kind of drilled into me at an early age figured out work hard be honest so if i hit fast forward on your on your life from that point and i go into your days and the the swat team for the fbi how long were you working in the swat team with the fbi uh i was i was technically a member of the swat team for about a year and then you know i was in on a pittsburgh fbi it was on that swat team and then i got transferred to new york and i decided to try out for the fbi's equivalent of the navy seals the fbi's hostage rescue team and so i tried out for that team and i re-injured my knee so i wasn't i never technically made that team nor when i was in new york was i on the new york swat team but i had been on the swat team in pittsburgh for about a year you ended uni during training yeah you know it was originally uh toured up originally in college and my view is you know the worst things that have happened to me i've always led the better stuff i would never become a hostage negotiator if i hadn't torn on my knee and so you know then when i was trying out for the hostage rescue team then i re-injured it and uh i went went to a doctor to have it rebuilt for a second time and at that point in time i thought well i don't know how many times they could put humpty dumpty back together so i love crisis response because you got to make a decision i've been very much a decision-oriented guy you know president kennedy talks about the dangers of comfortable inaction i've always hated that so you know i wanted to stay involved in crisis response we had hostage negotiators my son and i like to joke that one of the voss family models is how hard can it be and i remember thinking how could it be you know they talk talk to terrorists i talk every day i can talk to a terrorist when you um when you injured your knee and you you're thinking about what to do with your life i i read that you had a chat with a lady um about options and she basically rejected you and said yeah said go away who is she uh she was the head of the hostage negotiation team for fbi new york she was on uh one of the terrorism squads close to mine and i knew she was in charge of the program and you know i thought you know the willingness to learn was adequate and so you know i sought her out to express my interest and kind of presented myself like ta-da here i am i'm wonderful look at me i'm willing to learn and she was just like go away everybody wants to do this it sounds cool everybody wants a t-shirt she asked me about you know any previous experience or credentials i had i didn't have any one after another i was like nope nope no education no background no experience no no that's none of this none of this and finally she just said like no you can't do it stop bothering me it was like got to be something i could do you know i've always kind of been proactive i didn't know i was there's a theory that i uh principal that we operate on now which is never ask advice from somebody wouldn't trade places with or never take direction from somebody who hasn't been where you're going i just thought it made sense to go to the right person and ask which is kind of how i got in the fb in the first place and i said there's got to be something i could do what is it she said you know what there is go volunteer on a suicide hotline but until you've done that don't bother me and it just seemed really obvious to me okay you know this is somebody who knows i'll do it and that's how i got in the fbi really and so i went and did it and i went back to and i said you know i i've been volunteering a suicide hotline for the last five months and she's like what she was shocked she said i tell everybody to to do that nobody ever does it when i went back to her said i'm including the story in the book she said you know i told over a thousand people over the course of my career to volunteer on a hotline and only two people did it and you were one of them and i thought that's just that's so obvious what was that like that suicide hotline you five months you did that i actually volunteered there for a total of three years and then i got involved in the board and the funding and the operation and i taught there too because i was so into it it was so valuable um i went there to learn a skill and i ended up learning a skill and serving the community which then was very no better secondary bonus than to do something that benefits you and have it benefit everybody else too difficult man uh well if you take the training you're willing to learn the training was phenomenal and i went there to learn so i soaked it up like a sponge emotionally difficult it can be depend upon how vulnerable you make yourself now since and what i used to tell the volunteers there because uh crisis hotline suicide the biggest problem is volunteer burnout it is difficult emotionally if you go there to help and you want so much to help and there's a lot of people that make it extremely difficult to help them and that can be emotionally draining now i went there to learn versus help and the help was a secondary benefit so the really difficult types we used to call them frequent callers they didn't suck the life out of me they fascinated me like this is crazy i gotta learn how to communicate with these people these are no different than the people that are very difficult in business negotiation because how you do something is how you do everything way back when i learned this thing called the drama triangle which was kind of three arc archetypes of difficult people and we're seeing that show up exactly in business negotiations so human behavior is human behavior period what is that triad well um the way i learned it way back then was you know there's there's um uh the victim uh the protector and the persecutor someone who comes on a hotline really portraying themselves as a victim they're trying to draw you into being the protector or to give advice you know i'm i'm i i need your advice might be what they would literally say and then if you're dumb enough to give advice then they switch from being the victim to the persecutor and they attack you for your advice and then as soon as you back off then they go back to being a victim again to try to lure you into giving them advice so that they can attack your and so what they told us you know the earmarks of watch out for somebody trying to lure you into giving advice versus being a great sounding board helping them discover the answer on their own and then in 2002 much later i run across jim camp's book start with no and he talked about effectiveness in business negotiation helping your counterpart discover the best answer because if they discover something mutually beneficial versus if you offer it if they discover it it's their idea and they're going to do it if you offer it you're giving them advice and they got no emotional ownership and they're less likely to do it so he called it helping them discover the best deal and back in the on the hotline days it was just guided discovery helping them discover the best outcome from those three years volunteering at the suicide prevention line was there anything else that you really learned about the nature of human beings um that has stayed with you still to this day in business and and your days as an fbi negotiator yeah well you know still still still actually going back and and pulling the lessons out of it um and it's you know people are uh their thoughts are most dominated by loss um what are they worried about losing what's their vision of loss over the future daniel kahneman won the nobel prize in behavioral um prospect theory uh economic nobel prize on human behavior which is lost looms larger than gain some people are putting it at a two to one ratio nobody ever puts it less than two to one lost things twice as much as a as an equivalent game i've heard people talk about be as much as nine to one which is why researchers are having trouble putting an exact number on it so sometimes somewhere between two and nine times loss your vision of the loss is going to determine your behavior and that was really and we taught on a hotline and taught in uh hostage negotiation look for the loss somebody's taken hostages they've suffered a personal identity identity law somewhere along the line and there's probably a triggering event in the last 24 to 48 hours but look for the loss and then kahneman comes across in 2002 danny kahneman and amos taversky taversky had died by the time they awarded the nobel uh prize which is why he didn't get it along with kahneman because they're not giving it after somebody's died saying that no this is just human behavior period period not just hostages not just people in crisis but it's the single dominating influence of all human decision making not the only influence just the biggest and so learning how to cope with that on the hotline is exactly what we're doing these days in all our interactions is there a way to like leverage that to your favor when you're negotiating with someone you can you have to be really careful with it which is really the whole reason to being use empathy as an approach because if you don't use empathy um then you're the hostage taker are you trying to use leverage against them i mean it's it's such a blunt force trauma concept that if if you don't do it gently uh with empathy versus sympathy you know empathy is is not the same as sympathy but you're going to seem like a hostage taker yourself if you start out by saying like look man i know you got a lot to lose if you don't make this deal well that's trying to trigger loss but you yeah i seem like a hostage taker myself if i do that so i gotta work my way into a position where i gotta get you to realize that that's the case quick one we bring in eight people a month to watch these conversations live here in the studio when we're here in the uk and when we're in la if you want to be one of those people all you've got to do is hit subscribe when you became a hostage negotiator when was your first real job yeah it was a chase manhattan bank robbery bank robbery yeah with hostages which although it happens all you know in the movies all the time you know bruce willis samuel jackson kevin spacey eddie murphy they're negotiating the hostages out of banks and every movie about it in real life it's a really rare event like it was a bank robbery with hostages in new york city and there hadn't been a bank robbery with hostages in new york city for over 20 years now people get taken hostage in bank robberies but generally the bad guys are gone before the police show up because they know if the police get to play surrounded their chances of getting away are lou so they're gonna be gone but to trap bank robbers in a bank with hostages really really rare and that happened about a year and a half after i got out of the negotiation training and i was still volunteering on suicide hotline so my skills you know you fall to your highest level of preparation i was ready i was ready to go when they put me on the phone because i'd been negotiations of perishable skill and i'd been working at it my skill level was really high at the time are you nervous when you get that phone call about that bank robbery i know i was ready to go i mean i was doing it because i wanted to i would want to get involved i wasn't doing it to get the t-shirt you know i was doing it because i wanted to get involved and as a matter of fact like i was never asked to go a friend of mine had taught me and having made a mistake previously i had learned the lesson of just show up if something's going down show up um i heard this advice from a government official not that long ago and he said run to trouble always run to trouble there's a whole bunch of reasons for that whether it's business or law enforcement one of the nice things about run into trouble running into you know figuratively theoretically running into the burning house you don't get criticized as much you know you run the trouble if you're running into a static situation or something a bunch of people have been dealing with for a while and it's just been sitting there in deadlock and whatever you do people are going to criticize you you know because they failed and you're doing something different then they don't want to see you succeed but if if you're running that you run into chaos you run into trouble you know the criticism is much lower you know but he's dealing with it somebody's got to do something decisions have to be made it's a great strategy run the trouble and and i had and i'd come to uh to like that a lot so i'm sitting at my desk in new york my buddy charlie walks up and says there's a bank robbery with hostages in brooklyn let's go i looked at a police detective colleague because i had an interview scheduled that morning i said can you cover the interview he says yeah i got it and we go head to the bank and we show up and a team forms fbi and nypd both show up because it's a bank we know the pd negotiators really well our commander hugh mcgowan super sharp guy knew what he was doing he integrated the team first negotiator on the phone was a pd detective he points to me says you're the coach we stood up the rest of the team around joe the original negotiator joe talks the situation into stalemate which is not a bad thing because the threat level's not coming up lieutenant mcgowan looks at me and he says okay you're up and they handed me the phone and what was your job at that point what was the the the bank robber asking for and what was your job at your objective well we didn't know it at the time like the bank robbery was actually the classic great ceo negotiator like the great ceo negotiator is going to act helpless at the table because he doesn't want you to force him into a commitment you know i found this out some years later when i was learning negotiation at harvard you know they called a business strategy blame somebody who ain't in the room so great ceo negotiator is going to be like look man i got a board of directors like i got to be careful what i commit to here because this board of directors i i you know i do the wrong thing these guys got to fire me you know they're going to throw me right out of this company and and if the guy does that he's got all the power in the world he don't care about his board of directors he just doesn't want to get backed into a corner so the bank robbery we get on the phone with this guy the the the guy who orchestrated the whole thing and he's like man i'm scared of these guys in here these other these other guys that i'm with man they are dangerous like i'm scared of them they might hurt me so i gotta be careful what i say to you oh here they come now and i gotta hang up the phone and he was he was making it all up you know initially our initial assessment is this guy's an inadequate personality he's scared to make a decision complete smoke screen on his part so we're you know we're when we're in the in the negotiation for several hours and we got the banks surrounded and then the investigators on the outside and this is a residential commercial area of brooklyn so there are cars everywhere and they identify the owner of every vehicle on the outside and talk to them except there's one van out there and it belongs to this guy and as it turns out this guy is running a cash courier business that services this bank and they can't find this guy he is nowhere to be found so they go to his address and they say hey do you know this guy and will you come to the scene of the bank and listen to the voice because we're running the negotiations on speaker outside to the commanders and the witness comes in and says yeah that's that's this guy's name happened to be chris also so they voice id this guy and he has never given us his name this is another great technique if we meet and i don't give you my name it unsettles you you don't feel you've connected with me and this guy would not give us his name so you know we're we got a voice id on him when a lieutenant says you're up next he says i want you to confront this guy about his name as quick as you can and we're not going to do a normal smooth hand-off you're just going to start talking normally the protocol is if you hand off from one negotiator to another the second guy comes on he says look i've been here the whole time and i've heard of everything that's going on and here's everything that i've heard because you don't need the other guy on the other side saying like where do i start with this guy you know have you been here listening do you have any idea what's going on it's a smooth transition but a lieutenant his gut instinct is like yeah we're not gonna do this this guy's a manipulative guy and in a really subtle way we're going to start taking back control and we're going to start by not doing a smooth transition so i get on the phone i'm talking to this guy now this is a kg dude we shift with no intro so what does he do in order to remind us that he's got hostages but also not raise the threat level because he's got to genuinely be concerned that the snipers are going to put a red dot on his forehead and the next thing is going to happen is he's going to be at the pearly gates explaining his actions over the last 24 hours he goes and gets a hostage and puts her on the phone we haven't we've been there five hours we had no confirmation of the condition of the hostages other than him saying i'm taking care of the girls everything's fine as a matter of fact i gotta hang up the phone cause they're hungry and they want to get something deep all kinds of smoke screens so i'm on a phone and i hear this female voice come on go like i'm okay i'm okay and i'm like uh who's this what's your name i'm okay and then that's the last i heard of her he comes back on the phone pretends like this didn't even happen i'm like all right this is a cagey dude we're gonna go forward i'm gonna find a way to hit him with his name but do it gently so i start talking about his van outside which he knows is out there he just doesn't know that we've identified it and i said you know we got a van out here and we found the owners of every van and spoken to him except one and he goes we have more than one van i got no idea what this guy is talking about so i did what we refer to as a mirror i just repeat the words because my brain is like what is this guy talking about i go you have more than one van he goes no we only have one van i go you you you only have one van yeah yeah and and you chase my driver away i go would chase your drive away he says yeah when he saw the police he cut and run now this super control freak guy is now blurting stuff out as a result of my mirror my technique that he did not mean to say this ends up convicting his getaway driver who had gotten away and we didn't even know there was a third guy how did that case end everybody came out why why did the bank robber concede in the end did he get anything he wanted well the uh not and you know you know how do you negotiate when you're not going to give them anything you know you help them see a different vision of the future is what it really boils down to and what you really want them to see is a vision of future where they live and then you're hoping the survival instinct kicks in and when the second guy got on the phone with me his principal concern was getting killed and his secondary concern was uh being handled roughly when he came out of course he knew that they had beaten the women on the inside and that may contribute to his being handled roughly when he came out but he number one didn't want to get killed and number two my opening line was look when you when you come out you'll be treated with dignity and respect and i said that to him enough times that he decided it was going to be true and uh he asked to meet me face to face out in front of the bank was he treated with dignity and respect a thousand you got to keep you got to keep your promises because and you know this was this was one of the things when i was teaching negotiation at harvard you know my academic brothers and sisters up there were like were like would you lie to get the guy out and my answer was no and they'd say like yeah but let's say let's pretend let's imagine that a terrorist has got a nuclear bomb in boston and you know that if you lie to him he won't set the bomb off so how do you answer that one and my answer is well number one the guy's probably testing me to see if i'll lie so i gotta watch out that it's not a trap number two if he's not testing me he's gonna be a better liar than i am and he's gonna sniff it out you can't lie to a liar you just can't they're too good at it and then number three even if i lied to him and get them out somebody's gonna find out that i lied and i will always have the reputation of being a liar and i can't risk my reputation so if i'm uh if i'm a if i've got hostages and i call you and i say listen i want a car i think i saw this one on your youtube channel i want a car in 60 seconds outside right um would you what's the first thing you say to me you want to try yeah let's do it all right so i'm the you're the beggar i'm the bad guy okay i'm gonna blow this woman's head off if you don't give me a car in the next 60 seconds how am i supposed to do that not my problem you got 55 seconds all right so if i wanted to do it it's just it's madness out here it's chaos i mean this is ringling brothers barnum bailey circus is organized compared to the nonsense that's going on out there so even if i wanted to do it i can't do it in that time frame i'm sure you're the fbi you're the police you can make anything happen 50 seconds sounds me like you're not gonna give me a chance i'm giving you a chance right now 50 seconds chris there's plenty of cars up there go get one of the cars and pull it up outside or i'm going to blow her head off sounds like you have a reason to live i do have a reason to live that's none of your business i'm i'm i'm not trying to find out why i mean my first number one thing is to make sure that you live so get me a car and i will drive off honestly you've got 45 seconds i don't want to talk anymore if you're not gonna give me a chance how am i supposed to do it i'm giving you a chance 45 seconds that's plenty of a chance like to me even find get all the commanders together and get them to think about this which they're probably not going to do anyway i will go and talk to them about how am i supposed to find them all talk to them get them to think about it in 45 seconds okay how long do you need i know first of all i want you to understand i don't think they're gonna do it well then i'm gonna blow my head off that would be your choice see now so the other thing too is hostage negotiators are successful 93 of the time which is one of the things that i learned in the business which means seven percent of time they just ain't coming up now i we have to do everything we could possibly do in the meantime but our number one goal is not putting any additional people at risk like i get this question all the time like if you think it's gonna save a hostage why don't you just give him a car and save those hostages well i can't put additional people at risk and by the way while we were doing that i don't know anybody put a clock on us but we went more than 45 seconds it's true and what were you thinking when as we were going through it um there was all the questions were provoking me into all the questions you asked me felt like they were dragging me away from my objective in a quite a tactical way so i was thinking oh he's not this is annoying he's making me talk and i don't want to talk that's kind of what i was thinking and then yeah i mean the questions you asked were making me ponder and they were making me abandon my focus which was to just get this car and kill this woman right see which was i wasn't asking you that stuff to get you to answer what i was really doing was doing exactly what you talked about get you to ponder get you to think you know what kahneman would has talked about in his book thinking fast and slow pondering he would call slow thinking in-depth thinking where you really think about stuff and then you really make the decision and you really make up your mind instead of me trying to hustle you like i could hustle you into something really quick but it wouldn't be your decision and the whole point of getting somebody to ponder something is so that when they do come to a decision they own it when you said the thing about even if i wanted to do that like i couldn't do that in 45 seconds or whatever i liked that sentence because it obviously there was a degree of empathy there so even if i wanted to it wasn't you know on my parade it wasn't attacking me too much and you made me ponder the reality of the fact that it's not even possible my demand is not even possible even if you you know were on my side so that was a very good question to to make me ponder myself to realize that what i'm asking for is not going to happen seeing there's another reason why i said it like that too um because you know a lot of people if you ask for something in a business deal that they're not going to give you they give you a classic american lie i'll try you know and and maybe it's not an american line maybe it's a lie in english language like but you know in any kind of deal somebody looks at you and says i'll try you don't get a good feeling no and you get all trying enough times you know right away it ain't never happening yeah yeah so i didn't do i'll try you know i basically said i don't think it's gonna happen but i'll check because i'm trying to shift us out of an adversarial into a collaborative conversation and so then what i'm basically saying is like i don't want to mislead you i don't think this can happen i will be your advocate how important is that collaboration no relationship survives long term without collaboration just just ain't gonna happen so you're giving me the impression that you're actually on my side to some degree and that we're collaborating to find an outcome together yeah and point of fact see the crazy thing is hostage negotiators have repeat customers if i get you out alive the chances of you straightening out your life are not great and the chances of you ending up in another hostage siege are high if you don't get killed otherwise and you got to have a memory of the last hostage negotiator trying to work with versus the guy hustle jen lied to you guy or gal so if you always look at all interactions as if you're gonna have to pay for everything you said eventually which means if you lie you're gonna pay for it if you did every thing you could to be collaborative then your counterparts going to remember that in the future like well i didn't go my way but at least you got in line to me it's like comma isn't it it's karma a thousand percent is karma i'm a big believer in karma very much i had a few words to say about one of my sponsors on this podcast as the seasons have begun to change so has my diet and right now i'm just going to be completely honest with you i'm starting to think a lot about slimming down a little bit because over the last couple of probably the last four or five months my diet has been pretty bad um and it started to show a little bit really over the last two months i go to the gym about 80 of the time so i track it with 10 of my friends in a whatsapp group and this tracker online that we all use together we call it fitness blockchain and i'm currently at 81 percent um so 81 of the days i've done a workout in the last 150 days right so i'm going to the gym about six times a week that's been a little bit impacted by the derivatio live tour but i'm trying to stick to it and so one of the things i'm doing now to reduce my calorie intake and trying to get back to being nutritionally complete and all i eat is i'm having the hule protein shake thank you for making a product that i actually like the salted caramel is my favorite i've got the banana one here which is the one my girlfriend likes but for me salted caramel is the one how important is it generally in negotiations to listen because a lot of people you know kind of think they can overpower someone with right just talking at them right yeah and and what they're what they're called is they can't hold a job yeah yeah you know you you and there are a lot of people that are very visible that are doing that and in the moment they might look very good but what ends up happening is they're frequently initially extremely successful and then their success rates drop off a cliff and then they don't hold the job because they were awesome in their first quarter and it had a continuing steady decline in their productivity until it went to zero and they they can't be tolerated anymore but everybody sees a really loud guy or gal getting deals or and and they're the ones that make the most noise about it so your original question is how as important as listening there is no negotiation methodology that doesn't list listening as an advanced skill no matter what school of thought somebody's in in negotiation they all list listening as advanced far more difficult than simply keeping quiet it's critical and you will actually end up increasing the velocity of your deal cycles by listening which a lot of people think it's really counter-intuitive but you know i did i did an interview with mark cuban six or seven months ago and i talked about listening and he's like yeah you know if i take the time to to really hear somebody out in our first deal and pay attention to what's important with them then every deal after that will come to me faster having done it right up front and it'll increase the velocity of my ability to make deals with them because they'll trust me they'll know that i hear them out they know that i'm looking out for them and consequently you know it doesn't take me a long time to establish trust when we come back we come to the table we get right down to it and it really increases the velocity of my ability to make deals and a lot of people can't see that because i got to hear them out i gotta you know blah blah blah i gotta find out what their point of view is it seems highly efficient but what it is is incredibly efficient long term and then as it relates to speaking when you're talking when you were talking to me then in our little dummy negotiation um i noticed the tone of voice you took was very very calm you list in the book three different voices available to negotiators right give me a flavor of those three voices that are available to well there's there's there's three natural types in humans five fly to make friends and these are the uh our caveman ancestors that lived either fought the saber-tooth tiger ran from the saber-tooth tiger or figured out a way to make friends with it and the indecisive caveman got eaten by the saber-tooth tiger doesn't have any descendants we've got substantive reason to believe that that exists globally regardless of gender ethnicity um religion the three types the globe splitting pretty evenly into thirds got a lot of data on it backs it up our brothers and sisters at harvard pretty much agree based on their experience warden has pulled a lot of the same data comes very very close to the same and each type has a voice you know and the voice of the assertive natural born assertive which i'm actually a natural-born assertive is more the donald trump style negotiator you know attacking blunt direct you know uh ivanka trump once described her her dad donald and said you know he's not blunt he's just direct well he's just an example but you know what i think is direct you feel like you got hit in the face with a brick which is always counterproductive long term always always always long-term counterproductive inhibits your ability to make deals people get tired of getting hit in the face with a brick so it wears them out then there's the very analytical type um which was you know that soothing calming voice that i was using triggers a neurochemical response in you it actually calms you down neurochemically it's a involuntary automatic response now you can fight it you can fight your way back out of it but you can't stop me from getting the calming neurochemicals started in your head and you know what if if you're careful not to seem either cold or condescending that tone of voice is what the great tv interviewers use the great news anchors because there's a lot of there's confidence and calm simultaneously and people really like it and then there's you know there's a smiling voice a friendly voice and somebody just smiles when they speak that triggers a different neurochemical reaction the people that you automatically like right away as soon as soon as you lay eyes on them as soon as they start speaking you know there's an advantage to that so i was using you know in an emotional situation and if you're in an emotional you know you want to go with the the soothing voice and smile sprinkle that in and now you kind of you get the combination of both of them and it's it's collaboration you're going to want to collaborate with me if i use that voice i guess it's an attempt and as you say to like pacify pacify them the other thing that i in chapter three of your book you talk about is by the way you got a pretty good voice you got you got a you got you you're basically downward inflecting your voice portrays first of all it's very genuine but it portrays a guy who's actually really thinking about what he says and he actually listens oh that's very kind compliment thank you but she's still gonna die in chapter three you talk about um labeling their pain i found that a really interesting concept right don't feel their pain label it i think that's probably a mistake i've been making i actually was thinking about that in the context of like my romantic relationships right when my girlfriend is talking at me as a way to kind of create that bridge how do i create that bridge by acknowledging or labeling her pain can you explain to me what you mean by labeling their pain you know um think of what whatever the negative emotion that they're feeling is the elephant in the room so if i'm if i'm you know i'm holding someone hostage and i'm crying yeah yeah i'm gonna say it sounds like you feel like you're out of control it sounds like you you feel that you're gonna have to do something you really don't want to do and what does that do to me when you when you do that all right so and this is one of the few and the black swan method that's also backed up by neuroscience like we know anecdotally that this stuff works because we're proving it over and over again we're walking the talk we make our own deals very effectively and the people that we coach make their deals and accelerate their deals very effectively so you know so we got no shortage of our own anecdotal information we don't really don't need the neuroscience but there's been several neuroscience experiments they put people in fmri's functional magnetic resonance imaging devices where they can watch the brain light up and they induce negative feelings in people and they watch the brain light up typically by showing them some sort of photograph that causes them to feel a negative emotion whether it's sadness anger whatever it is and then they simply ask the people to identify or label what they're feeling as a result of the what they saw and each and every time the person labeled it the the uh electrical activity in that part of the brain diminished every time not deny but just called it out you know you don't deny the elephants in a room you say there's an elephant a room and that makes people feel heard or seen or felt all of the all of the above right so you know whatever the emotional reaction to that is people feel seen heard felt understood and it's probably a combination of you know the emotional reaction and the neuroscience reaction is it diminishes the negative emotions every time now the degree the degree that it diminishes the emotions changes like i you know we call that a label and i may label the negative that that i hear and it might have a minimal impact a tiny little impact or might have a huge impact but the impact is the type of impact is the same every single time the degree of impact changes but the nature of the is always to diminish the negative emotion one of the things that i read as well that you're looking for in these negotiations is for them to conf give you a confirmation like if they say that's right yeah so you're you're trying to get me to not blow this lady's head off and if you can get me to say that's right what is that a signal of that's right is what people say when they feel understood you pull that's right out of somebody you're on your way in in the direction of a great resolution no matter what the negotiation landlord tenant employee employer you know business deal pulling that's rights sends you in a great direction so you've labeled something that i'm feeling you said stephen it feels like you're about to do something you don't want to do and then i go that's right right now so so tall rise great researcher besides great author he speculates he says you know i think somebody says that's right when they even experienced an epiphany to some degree that's what you say when you when you what you think you've heard is completely true you're not agreeing with a person you're observing that what they said was and when he said epiphany i'm like ah this is interesting let me look up the neuroscience of epiphanies and among the neural chemicals that you get ahead of in an epiphany is oxytocin which is the bonding drug so you get a hit of oxytocin based on what i've said and you have an involuntarily feeling of bonding towards me and then you know the neuroscientists that i think the world of andrew huberman i heard him talking about on oxytocin and he says that oxytocin tends to make people tell the truth so if you say that's right you're going to feel bonded to me and you're going to be more likely to tell me the truth that ain't a bad position for me to be in in a negotiation negotiations are you know all over our lives so i mean yeah when i was everywhere everywhere right it's everything it's teams it's business it's podcasting it's my girlfriend whatever when i was reading through the the principles in your book never split the difference so much of it i could relate to you from the context of like romantic relationships with my partner yep you must find yourself in your own romantic relationships deploying some of these skills and which ones of them which one in terms of whether it's just you know acknowledging them making them feel heard what are the key skills that translate really effectively to romantic relationships well they all do because every human being wants to be understood and in a romantic relationship they want to know that you understand you know and in many cases like any relationship they just need need that in and of itself now the additional demands of romantic relationship is they're gonna want you to understand and adjust which in point of fact what other relationship do they not want that from you as well not only show me you understand but then walk the talk it's um the closer you are to someone see things from their perspective like you think you didn't do anything wrong and you know and typically male female but not confined to this you thought you were fine when in fact what they perceived was that you were clumsy and insensitive are you good at negotiating in a romantic relationship because i can i'll ask her when well the problem with dating a really smart girl is she starts out negotiating you pretty quickly but the really that you know the real issue is what's your intent behind it like if you're hearing your romantic partner out just to get him to shut up like the second or third time you pulled that on them they have figured it out and you're disingenuous but if you're hearing somebody out because you want things to be better you really want the relationship to be long-term and you want it to continue to get better then they're happy to let you hear them out or to be let you make them feel heard because you're going to make the adjustments and your behavior to take that into account and you're going to show that you care enough about how they feel not just what happened but how they feel about what happened which is a recipe for a great relationship romantic or not but as as should be it's even a higher standard for a romantic relationship because how can you be involved long-term if you don't care how the other person feels in your negotiation negotiating days was there an instance where it really didn't go the way you wanted it to go yeah and with 93 success rate means seven percent of time is going bad and that's just that's just the nature of the game is there one that stands out for you as being well every one of them does then then the issue is do you learn like uh naseem nicholas taleb would call it post-traumatic stress growth like you go through a traumatic event um are you traumatized by it which and then damaged and never recover post-traumatic stress uh injury harm disorder or is there post-traumatic stress growth where you took that and decided to be better than you ever were before because you never when i said when i say this what is the incident that comes to mind well the first one uh that people died in was the second case that i worked in the philippines the burnham's a barrel case early on before we could even get our arms around like a situation that was moving really fast and the philippine military was engaged and chasing the bad guys and a chase had been on for weeks um guaranteero was murdered uh by by the abu sayyaf about 21 days into that case they had already killed a number of filipinos prior to that and as they moved across the landscape and the oceanscape and island island south of philippines they would they would kill hostages and pick up new hostages because there were people in their way all the time so that was an ugly case from the beginning to the end in the end of it the two of the three remaining hostages were killed in a botched rescue attempt and they were shot by friendly fire philippine scout rangers inadvertently stumbled over the abu sayyaf encampment didn't realize it was one that had hostages and it just opened fire they recognized it as a terrorist encampment formed a skirmish line on the trees on the uphill side and just started pouring um rifle fire down into the camp uh and so that was that was the first time that i'd worked anything where people had gotten killed does that stay with you yeah it does it does and and i felt sorry for myself for a long time and it's not like i'm um i'm happy about it but for i'll never remember the moment that i got the call 5 30 in the morning i was in washington dc where i lived and a voice on the other end of the phone said i've got bad news martin is dead and it was just a few hours after martin burnham had been killed and deborah yap the filipino hostage been killed martin's wife gracia was wounded and lived and i i'll never forget that was the worst that to that point and since was the worst professional moment personal moment of my professional career and i used to say is the worst moment of my personal career until i was hearing another hostage negotiator talking about a siege he was in when an infant had had died had been killed and i remember sitting there watching him talk about it and he's still very definitely dealing with the scars and the wounds from having been the negotiator on scene and i remember him saying like you know i don't know why i keep telling you know giving these presentations maybe i just want people to know something bad that happened to me on a winter's day and i was sitting there thinking bad for you that wasn't your blood it wasn't your child and i thought you know we're taking on too much because it wasn't a member of our family it wasn't my brother wasn't my significant other it wasn't my son i got killed and that's when i tried to that's when i realized i had to put that stuff in perspective it wasn't doing anybody any good for me feeling sorry for myself i couldn't and and what we the changes we made as a result of the pronunciation saved lives you know that was that was our mandate all right so martin burnham is dead what do we do with that do we quit or do we get better if we get better somebody else is going to live and a whole bunch of people ended up living based on strategy adjustments we made as a result of that case it seems like a big a very significant sort of burden to carry right it goes back to what i said at the start you know it takes a certain type of person to want to be want to play with those stakes yeah somebody who's naive yeah you just don't know any better makes us difficult sometimes just thinking about you know the traumatic things we go through it makes us much difficult especially in forming i was i struggled with that a lot struggled in having a girlfriend probably because my home life was so traumatic that i would always run from commitment but when you've lived in such and you hear the same with like soldiers and stuff you know and you've lived through such sort of traumatic events and high stakes coming home to hey babe you're right can be difficult right yeah yeah it can be it can be it can be difficult you can you can have difficulty unwinding the other person depending on how you process information like the other person might genuinely doing their best to be there with you to get you to talk about it you know if you if if that isn't the best way that you process it and yeah one of the very difficult things about me is i don't process stuff by talking about it i'll talk about it afterwards you know but i i kind of need i need to unplug you know i'll need a good night's sleep you know i'll need i'll need to let it run through the data banks and kind of bake on its own i'm probably pretty good the next day which is interesting because in your work you have no time for that yeah well you know and maybe that's why i need it more at home because in the work i mean we're gonna you know we're going on it right now we're dealing with it right now mirroring something you talk about as well in the book which i find really interesting because again something with my girlfriend i started to explore which you know when she says something to me or when she does something i to make her again feel hurt i guess i just kind of repeat it back to her right also trying to is it also a body language thing or is it just how does mirroring mirroring work well the hostage negotiators mirror the black swans mirror you know the way that we teach in business now just all verbal okay you know if if you start lining up physically uh which is what the body language mirroring thing is like if you if you if that happens naturally then so be it enough people try to do it as a manipulative tool that we're really leery of even coaching people on that at all like if we're talking and suddenly we both find us and i'm actually listening and you're listening we both find ourselves leaning the same direction that's cool because we're dialed in but the body language thing is is a tool of manipulation so many times of people that are just trying to exploit you that aspect of it we stay away from now the hostage negotiated mayor the black swan mirror repeating just the last one or three words of what somebody said or then taken surgically picking a gist one or three words here and there it's ridiculously effective ridiculously effective yeah you did very nice just and and the thing that i find fascinating about it too is like if we find somebody that's really into mirroring they'll typically be somebody who's iq and eq both are real high and there are a lot of people whose iq is real high you know their book smarts are good but the people smarts aren't good and they tend to love mirroring because the least amount of effort with the maximum amount of response and they want to guide and negotiation in a very gentle but purposeful way while the and the other side doesn't feel guided they feel like they're expanding and it's been real consistent when you think about your your next phase and your next your projects that you're working on now and what you're trying to do you've got your the blacks one group right i saw that online um the objective of that is to to coach people into negotiation skills and stuff like that yeah worldwide globally yeah and what does that look like is it a course that people can buy is it a webinar what is it yeah it's all of it the website is blackswanltd.com i mean if you just start now we got free like how do you start to get better now if you're further on down the line we coach people through all kinds of deals on a regular basis and it's a really big part of what the company does we coach a lot of people through negotiations and you've got your book as well which we've talked about a bit which is never split the difference which has sold more than two million copies worldwide which is just staggering crazy crazy numbers we have a closing tradition on this podcast where the previous guest leaves a question for the next guest oh and i get to i only get to see when i open the book okay oh good handwriting so this is useful okay is there someone in your life that really needs your help but you are still unsure on how to help them uh there's uh there's someone in in my immediate family that um i can uh i continue to buy the wrong gifts for i've got actually a conversation scheduled for me to at least say all right i realize i'm getting it wrong help me get it right i think we can all relate to that in some respects well i can anyway thank you chris thank you for your time thank you for writing such a great book on a topic that is relevant to more than just fbi negotiations as you know it's relevant to my relationship with my partner to my business to everything in between it's really relevant to all the interactions i have with all humans and that's clearly a testament to why it's sold more than it's almost 2.5 million copies or something crazy like that i know that i know the stats around books i know that more i think my publisher told me that most books don't sell a thousand copies so like 90 plus percent of books don't sell a thousand copies just so to sell 2.5 million copies worldwide is staggering but it speaks to your experience and and the way you articulated it in the book it's been an honor to speak to you thanks for your wisdom and um i'm going to keep brushing up my negotiation skills pleasure's been mine thanks for having me on thanks chris sponsors on this podcast as we all know energy independence and living a little greener has never been more important for a better future it's a journey i've been on over the last couple of years that i've shared with you sporadically ever since i sold my range rover sport and bought an electric bicycle and there's a lot of people out there that listen to this podcast that are looking to make that sustainable switch in the things that run their daily life whether it's their home their car their vehicles whatever it might be so when a good friend of mine at a company called my energy called jordan told me she was interested in sponsoring this podcast i jumped at the opportunity so for those of you that don't know my energy are a uk renewable energy brand whose mission is to increase the usage of green energy helping people like you and i to save time and money when it comes to making sustainable switches in our lives so if this resonates with you and you're the type of person that's been looking or thinking about going on your own sustainability journey i highly recommend checking them out at myenergy.com foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDiaryOfACEO [96 likes]: Fascinating episode this week! Hit like, subscribe and turn on notifications, we bring subscribers in to watch these episodes live and I’m going to be picking 2 of you from the comments 👀 Next episode I'll be picking another 2 so get your notifications on!
  2. @aleckhineaquino467 [1 likes]: After just reading his book, never split the difference, I searched him at DOAC, surprised he was here 3 years ago. Hope you could bring him back, even in a debate setting.
  3. @pharaon.lovechile [1 likes]: Chris is SOOOO COOL
  4. @carlosescobedo249: I know I'm getting it wrong, help me get it right
  5. @dhawalkharbanda7652: First time I'm getting to hear the late night FM DJ voice as explained in the book.
  6. @jakeglenn2246: To increase views, please post a 10 minute summary version. thanks
  7. @brettzehner2695: adam sandler and moe from the simpsons wrapped into one person
  8. @giofausone: 14:50 Bruce Willis
  9. @히히-x9q5q: I loved the book and this interview. Such a genuine person.
  10. @zshann: How can I handle counterparts who only turn me away and refuse to engage in conversation, asking me to leave?
  11. @fatimazahraben7881: can you please invite Thomas Erikson the author of surrounded by psychopaths, narcissists ....? it would be great to see an episode with him
  12. @MilanMraovic: I watched some of the other Podcast with Chris and I think the conversations where much deeper, informative, and meaningful then Steven had, which is surprising considering how good some of his other conversations are. 

I would love to see Chris come on the Podcast again and have a deeper conversation.
  13. @alan_alam: Please provide us hindi or urdu audio track 🙏🏻
  14. @alan_alam: Please provide us hindi or urdu audio track
  15. @Avash_11neymar: Anyone in 2025❤
  16. @senecaknowsbest8380: Gregg Hurwitz Orphan X “how you do anything is how you do everything” which he may have gotten from Jordan Peterson
  17. @senecaknowsbest8380: A swirling result
  18. @BoycottSimping: Pittsburgh office? Thanks for keeping my city safe
  19. @robertviragh6527: what the fuck this is by a hostage taker
  20. @nevermindmwando8411: Please bring Julia Galef on the pod

- How to Succeed at Hard Conversations | Chris Voss: Kind: captions Language: en Andrew Huberman: [OPENING THEME MUSIC] Welcome to the Huberman Lab podcast, where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday life. I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. My guest today is Chris Voss. Chris Voss spent more than two decades as an agent with the FBI, or Federal Bureau of Investigation, where he was a lead crisis negotiator and a member of the Joint Terrorist Task Force. Chris is also the author of a phenomenal best-selling book entitled "Never Split the Difference." In addition, he has taught courses in negotiation at Harvard, at Georgetown, and at the University of Southern California. As a world expert in all forms of negotiation, today, Chris teaches us about how to hold hard conversations where we are seeking particular outcomes, or perhaps where we don't know what the optimal outcome could be. He talks about this in the context of business, in the context of relationships, including romantic relationships, but familial and work relationships as well. And he talks about how we should think about ourselves in the context of negotiations so that we can all arrive at the best possible outcomes. Indeed, during today's episode, you will learn to pay attention to emotions, not just other people's emotions, but your own emotions, in order to determine whether or not you are processing the information you're hearing accurately, and, equally important, whether or not you are being heard accurately when you are in a discussion of any kind, but especially heated discussions. In addition, we discuss the role of both physical and mental stamina in the context of difficult conversations, negotiations, and decision making, because in the real-world context, oftentimes those can take place not just within a single conversation, but over the course of several days, or even several weeks, months, or years. Chris also teaches us about deception, that is, how to determine if somebody is lying by asking particular types of probe questions, thanks to Chris Voss's both breadth and depth of expertise in the negotiation process that he gleaned during his more than two-decade service in the FBI, as well as his generosity in sharing that information. By the end of today's episode, you will have an excellent understanding of what the negotiation process is really all about and how to better carry out those negotiations so that they can best serve you and others. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is, however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero-cost-to-consumer information about science and science-related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, I'd like to thank the sponsors of today's podcast. Our first sponsor is Plunge. Plunge makes what I believe is the most versatile at home self-cooling cold plunge for deliberate cold exposure. I've talked numerous times on this podcast about the many benefits of deliberate cold exposure. Deliberate cold exposure, especially deliberate cold exposure done up to the neck in water, can be used to achieve a number of important endpoints related to mental health, physical health, and performance. Plunge uses a powerful cooling filtration and sanitation unit to give you access to deliberate cold exposure in clean water whenever you want. I've been using a plunge for more than two years now. I can tell you that it makes it very easy to get your deliberate cold exposure at home. It doesn't require much cleaning. In fact, it's very easy to keep clean, which is essential. You don't want bacteria and other things growing in your cold plunge. Basically, everything about the Plunge is made easy so that anyone, including myself, can get their deliberate cold exposure on a regular basis at home. If you're interested in getting a Plunge, you can go to plunge, spelled plunge.com/huberman and get $150 off your cold plunge. Again, that's plunge.com/huberman for $150 off. Today's episode is also brought to us by ROKA. ROKA makes eyeglasses and sunglasses that are of the absolute highest quality I've spent a lifetime working on the biology the visual system, and I can tell you that your visual system has to contend with an enormous number of challenges in order for you to be able to see clearly in different environments. ROKA understands the biology of the visual system and has designed their eyeglasses and sunglasses so that you always see with crystal clarity. Originally, their glasses were designed for performance, that is, for running and cycling and for sport, and indeed, they can still be used for performance. They won't slip off your face if you get sweaty. They're extremely lightweight. But I should mention that ROKA eyeglasses and sunglasses come in some of the aesthetics more typically associated with performance glasses, like those cyborg-style glasses. But they also have a number of styles that you would be perfectly comfortable wearing out to dinner or to work. I wear readers at night or when I drive, and I wear sunglasses during the day if I happen to be driving into bright light or outside, and it's just overwhelmingly bright. I do not wear sunglasses when I do my morning sunlight viewing to set my circadian rhythm, and I suggest that you do the same. If you'd like to try ROKA eyeglasses or sunglasses, you can go to ROKA, roka.com, and enter the code HUBERMAN to save 20% off your first order again, that's ROKA, roka.com. And enter the code HUBERMAN at checkout. And now for my conversation with Chris Voss. Chris Voss, welcome. Chris Voss: Andrew. Pleasure, man. Andrew Huberman: I've been wanting to talk to you on record for a while. You are quite what we call in science "N-of-one," when somebody is a true sample size of one. I realize that, yes, you are, because you have this incredible skill set from your time in the FBI, but you also have an incredible understanding and knowledge of how to communicate about that skill set so that people can glean useful information from it. You are also the guy that I text or call every once in a while when I've run myself into a jam or when I think I might be in a jam. And I won't reveal details, but you tell me whether or not things are okay. And fortunately, the last couple of times I reached out, you said, you're good. So thank you. Chris Voss: Always happy to help, man. Andrew Huberman: Thank you. Well, I have a lot of questions today, but what I'd like to start off talking about is negotiations take many forms, but if we could break those down into their broad categories, that will be useful. But before we do that, I want to know about the mindset that you have when you go into a negotiation and whether or not there are any sort of practices. I realize you've been in this profession a long time, and so it perhaps became reflexive to you at some point. But all of us at some point are going to go into negotiations, business negotiations, relationship negotiations, etc. Is there a process of getting one's mind and body right for a negotiation, shifting from more listening and less talking? Are there any tools that you use on the regular that could be useful for us to keep in mind as we extend into the different categories of negotiations and ways to approach those negotiations? Chris Voss: There can be a couple of different, first of all, just trying to figure out what's really going on is the real issue, and then how can I get an approach where I'm most likely to get the best possible outcome? So there's always more than meets to eye, and there's a certain few cliches, but the real issue is there's always a better deal or there's no deal at all. So first of all, my first thing is I want to find out whether or not there's a deal at all or whether or not it's a bad deal. And then I'm going to walk away really fast because those are going to be a complete waste of time. It's not a sin to not get the deal. That's a sin to take a long time to not get the deal, or it's a sin to take a long time to get a bad deal. So I want to know. I'm going to try to figure out real quick whether or not, is there a cutthroat on the other side of the table? Is it somebody I could trust? I'm leaning a little more inclined to dealing with the difficult people now, as long as I don't give in. So I want to diagnose early on what the possibilities are. Now, if I'm curious, if I'm actually interested now, another aspect of the mindset is if I'm in a great mood, if I'm just going to be playful, a couple of really huge personal negotiation wins recently was when I was just trying to be playful. I mean, I was in a great mood and I'm joking around. And great negotiation is not exciting. It's astonishing. We're in conversations right now with a possible nonscripted TV show. And so I was telling the producers, this ain't going to be "Real Housewives" to make this show properly. There ain't going to be any screaming. It's not going to be "Bar Rescue," where we're yelling at people. We're not going to be "Hell's Kitchen," It's never going to be exciting, but it is going to be astonishing. You'll get outcomes where suddenly you find yourself in a place like, what in the world? How did that just happen? And so I lose a suitcase in an airport the other day, and I'm walking into the lost luggage place and I'm in a great mood because I'm home and I'm happy to be home and I'm going to get a good night's sleep. And even though it's late in the day, I'm just happy. And I get ready to walk into the lost luggage store where these people are battered children. They know that you expect them to wave a magic wand and poof, your luggage is going to be there. So for whatever reason, and that's what I say when I walk in the door, this young lady says, how can I help you? Well, first of all, how you could help me is obvious because I'm in a lost luggage. There's only one reason I'm in here. So that's kind of a silly question. And I go, I need you to wave a magic wand. And she just laughs and she looks at me. She ends up walking me out to the carousel. Climbing up on the carousel, and she walks down a ramp. The luggage comes out of, and I guarantee you they're not supposed to do that. And she sticks her head in, she looks around, she comes back out, and I've never seen any of these people leave the office, let alone walk back to the carousel. And she says, wait here. And she disappears into the bowels of the airport, which looks like a superhighway down there, right? Like, God knows what it looks like underneath the airport. And pretty soon, the carousel starts up again, and my bag. And another bag pops out. This other poor schmuck is sitting there waiting, and I'm like, I have never seen anybody do this, ever. Normally they say, here's a number. We'll call you in 24 hours. It might show up at your house. And I look around at the ... there's another young lady there. And I say, please tell her thank you for me. I got to go. Because she doesn't come back out for, like, almost ten minutes. And on my way out, she comes out the door, and she high-fives me, and she says, "how's that for waving a magic wand?" And that was the magic phrase. And I never would have said it to her if I wasn't playful in a moment. And I've got a couple of others, like, when I was just playful, and I'm joking with people almost at my expense. It's shocking. Astonishing what you can get people to do if you hit them the right way. Andrew Huberman: So interesting. I wonder what it tapped into. But it sounds like it might have tapped into her sense that everybody's always asking me for a magic wand kind of ability, but finally somebody just said it directly, and that would be kind of fun to actually play that role, because normally they're restricted to their keyboard and their phone. I love that. On the opposite side of that spectrum, if ever you're feeling tense, stressed, jet lagged, angry, I can think about negotiations where people are trying to keep their egos in check. They want to be right. Their breakups, negotiations. There's not necessarily romantic breakups that could include that, but also professional breakups, the dissolution of a contract or something like that. Do you ever have to check yourself, like, okay, I imagine being calm is better than not being calm for most all things. Do you have a process of doing that? You seem like a pretty steady guy. I've never seen you. Chris Voss: Overall, I'm pretty steady. Well, the late-night FM DJ voice that, I'm not sure that I coined the phrase, but kind of famous for to calm you down also calms me down. So if I get bent out of shape and conversation gets heated, I'll switch into that voice with the intention of calming you down, because that's the hostage negotiator's voice. But it'll calm me down, too. Like intentionally going to that voice tamps down the negative emotions, which I'm convinced make me dumber in the moment, interfere with my capacity to process information. Got reasons for that? Layman's reasons? No. Scientific, academically rigorous studies that have been in any journals. Andrew Huberman: Well, after you're done, I'm going to tell you something that will perhaps be astonishing to you as to why there's real neuroscience behind that late-night FM DJ voice having an impact on other people's brains. Chris Voss: Yeah, and I'll do that because it calms me down. Now, if I can make the shift. The hard part is a shift into a positive mindset, if I can make that shift, but I can only make it from a calm voice. I also think the emotions are kind of a rock-paper-scissors sequence. I don't think you can go from sadness to elation, directly sad, depressed, down. I think there's something to getting angry to pull you out of sadness. And I think if you're angry, you've got to go to calm next. But if I can get out of anger and go to calm, then I can say something to myself. Like, the reality is, this is a luxury problem, or, I was in a negotiation with a counterpart that I knew was deceiving, lying to me. And I remember saying to myself, I'm lucky to be in this negotiation. I mean, they wouldn't be trying to hustle me if we weren't really good, if we didn't have a product that was phenomenal, I wouldn't be targeted at all. So I'm actually lucky to be in this conversation. So if I can make that next shift emotionally, then I'm good. The hard part is making those shifts. Andrew Huberman: I'm going to just share with you what I learned recently about sound and emotion. I'm researching an episode on music in the brain. Fascinating topic. Believe it or not, there's a lot known, and the auditory system has this property where, of course, there are neurons, nerve cells that respond to different frequencies of sound, low frequency, deeper tones, and high frequency squeals and that sort of thing. Okay, that's pretty straightforward, just like we have neurons that respond to different colors or different angles of light in the room. But what I learned and I confirmed with a good friend of mine who's an auditory neuroscientist and neurosurgeon. His name is Eddie Chang, who was a guest on this podcast previously. Is that low frequency sounds of the sort that your voice is, that late-night FM DJ voice, are responded to in the brain by neurons. No surprise there. But the frequency that those neurons fire is also low frequency. In other words, when you speak in your low voice, the other person's brain hears that and starts firing in a low frequency tone. In other words, it entrains to your voice, not just the timing, but it's actually like you're essentially playing an emotional piano down in the low keys of their mind. Now, when you go up to the high frequencies, the neurons can't follow that high frequency. So there's something special about low frequency sound that actually changes the emotional tone of the people that hear that low frequency sound. This is wild, right. Of course, the content of the words matters, too. But anyway, there's real neuroscience to support the voice that you were endowed with and that you employed for your work. Chris Voss: Well, then also, the point then, too, is the other side is not making a choice. It's an involuntary reaction. Andrew Huberman: That's right. This is not something one can override, except by perhaps plugging their ears. Right. If they're hearing that, their mind is getting shifted toward a state of low frequency oscillation, which is one of more calm. That's a real thing. And were you to have a high, squeaky Chipmunks voice, you might not have been the negotiator. You would. Although, who knows? Maybe there'd be another tactic there. I mean, I think back to the, I guess it was during one of the Gulf War campaigns. Where weren't they trying to squeeze out Saddam and some of his people by playing like, Milli Vanilli at high volume for hours and hours? Is that tactic actually used? Chris Voss: So that was Panama when they were trying to get Noriega. Andrew Huberman: I'm only a few countries over. Chris Voss: I got the trivia I was telling you before and the wacky, fascinating, useless information around terrorism and stuff like that. I tried that at Panama and for whatever, the military guys, they were playing music and sounds. And then also among the many stupid things that the FBI did at Waco, then late at night, they tried that in the ... It was just, that was one of the things that the hostage negotiators were adamantly against, but they got overruled by on-site command. Among the many stupid things that were done at Waco, that was also done at Waco. It was stupid. It's counterproductive. Hostage negotiators were always against it. Andrew Huberman: So for those of you who don't remember Waco. Waco is Branch Davidians, David Koresh, right? Chris Voss: Yeah. There was a Netflix series that was out about it recently. That's fair. About how it went down. Andrew Huberman: Yeah. Sad ending. He eventually set the building ablaze, killed himself and everybody else. Chris Voss: People inside set the building on fire. Including a lot of children perished, including some children. Chris Voss: There are some FBI agents that have still not gotten over that. Andrew Huberman: Like to talk about some different types of negotiations. Oftentimes, I think because you're a former FBI negotiator, antiterrorist task force, this kind of thing, we tend to focus on the negative negotiations. Get the hostages away, and we'll talk about that stuff. Breakups, business deals that have gone wrong, people lying, cheating. What about negotiations that are benevolent? Let's say that two people want to come to a true win-win around what they each see to be their best interests in, let's say, friendship. Two friends taking a trip together, vacation. Who's going to pay for what? Who's going to pay up front? Are people going to pay each other back? Or a romantic relationship? Two people are considering fusing finances to some extent or moving in together. What sorts of questions should people be asking themselves prior to those negotiations? In particular, is it very important that people know exactly what they want going into a negotiation? Or. I can recall many times when I've gone into life circumstances knowing I wanted a certain set of feelings or outcomes, but not being extremely specific about, I want this salary. I want to live in a west-facing house on this particular location. An exploration of potentials, I think can also take the form of negotiation. So how should people think about approaching benevolent negotiations, like, where we're not talking about something tragic happening, if it doesn't go through, it might hurt, it might be a little bit high friction, but let's talk about how to get to a win-win. Chris Voss: Yeah, well, there's a couple of interesting things there. First of all, the phrase win-win, because win-win is just great collaboration. I mean, in point of fact, it should be win-win, which might only be emotional win-win. Now, the phraseology win-win. I know that if someone opens a negotiation with me and they say right off the bat, look, I want to do a win-win deal with you, that correlates extremely highly with someone who's trying to pick my pocket. So if you use that phrase in the first five minutes, I already know where you're coming from. You're trying to get me to drop my guards. You win, I lose. This came up on an Instagram post I put up recently, which is essentially, watch out for the person who says win-win. Now, I didn't say win-win is bad. I said, watch out for the person that says it. Also, you got to be cautious. If you're like, some of the win-win mindset, then people set themselves up to just get slaughtered by the person who's expressing a desire for win-win and looking to pick their pocket. Like, if I feel win-win in my heart, you go, let's do a win-win deal. If I don't watch it, I'm like, okay, what do you want? And then I find myself giving away the store. So there's a lot behind the win-win phraseology that you have to have a complete understanding of. In point of fact, both sides should feel good about the outcome. And isn't that the definition of win-win? Well, kind of, sort of, but it's how they feel about it more than really what they got. So in a benevolent negotiation among friends, Where are we going to go to eat? Where are we going on vacation? What route are we going to take? People really just want to be heard out more than anything else, which operationally seems to be. I don't understand how it's going to make any difference. Makes all the difference in the world. And what's the best way for somebody to feel heard out? Well, I'm going to start out by telling you, describing to you, not telling you, but describing to you what my best guess is on your perspective, because it's really calibrating me actually finding out what your position is. And the only way I can find out what your position actually is, I'm going to increase you telling me if I start taking a guess at it first, because you're immediately, right away, immediately going to tell me either I'm right or I'm wrong, you're going to correct me. Correction is a satisfying thing to do. And you're going to be much more candid with me if you're correcting me than if I'm asking you, and you'll feel good about correcting me. So there's all these great emotional lubricants to me getting you to correct me. So I'm going to start out by saying, Here's what I think you're thinking. Here's how I think you're approaching this. Here's what I think you're wanting out of this, not what you should be, but what you probably are based on your perspective. And that's going to accelerate the conversation exponentially. Like it's ridiculous how much faster things are going to go. And then it becomes both an information gathering and a rapport-building process simultaneously instead of separately, which is what makes this approach faster, even though it seems more indirect. So if we're getting ready to, let's say you and I are going to take a car trip to San Francisco from here, and I'm going to say, all right, so my guess is you want to take the most direct route because you hate wasting time. And you're probably going to say to, No, no, I want to go up the Pacific Coast highway because this beautiful stretch of country, I realize it's going to be a waste of time if we go up the Pacific Coast because we got to jump off it at some point. But I really want to see the scenery, have ... I've taken a guess on what you want and you're going to come back real quick and correct me. And then maybe I'm thinking time on the trip, but I've forgotten how beautiful it is to roll up the coast. And so when you throw that out, I'll be like, oh, yeah, it is a beautiful ride, and we might not get another shot. Who knows what's going to know now that we're having a conversation, I'd rather run up the Pacific Coast highway before we go inland and make the trip. And that's how we get to, we collaborate for a better outcome, maybe a better idea than what I had in mind in the first place. Andrew Huberman: I love that because what you just described is hypothesis testing. Chris Voss: Yes. Andrew Huberman: It's the way scientists are trained. Many people don't know this, but they teach us in science not to ask questions, but to start with a question like how does the brain develop or something? And then you say a hypothesis and you test hypotheses, and then you figure out if they're right or wrong. And that takes you through a set of decision trees and you eventually get at what you hope is some core truth, and hopefully others arrive there as well and you get a consensus. So I love the idea of hypothesis testing. In fact, when you said take the most direct route from where we are now in Los Angeles to San Francisco, I like to take 101, not the 5. The 5 is faster. So I immediately think, but I like 101. First of all, there are a couple of really great taco and hamburger spots along the way that I used to stop with my bulldog. And yet also you get to see the coast, and it makes those extra two hours completely worth it. And so you're exactly right in that working through the decision tree doesn't necessarily mean presuming that the hypothesis is right. It sounds like you'd be equally okay with the hypothesis being wrong, because really what you're trying to do is just learn. And in learning, set up this collaboration. Chris Voss: A couple of things. First of all, when you talk about hypothesis, when my son Brandon was involved in a company, he's out on his own now, but he used to always say, hypothesis test your hypothesis. He always used that term. And then even now, if we were talking about it and you just said you knew some hot dog and hamburger places, I'd be like, holy cow, I didn't even know that. Yeah, I want to check those places out. So that's how you discover new stuff in a conversation. Andrew Huberman: I love it. And also, I'm sure people are noting to not say the words win-win when approaching any kind of negotiation. What do you think it is about those little catchphrases that signal lack of authenticity or trustworthiness? Because you could imagine that somebody, I come to you and say, hey, Chris, let's do some collaborative thing for social media, for podcast, and this is going to be a win-win for both of us. Now, I know to never say that with you, but you could imagine that somebody really means that. But for you, it sounds like it's a flag that they're trying to pull one over. Chris Voss: It correlates really strongly with the people that are definitely trying to cut your throat. And I've had them admit that to me candidly. Andrew Huberman: Amazing. Chris Voss: I've experienced it. If somebody throws win-win out early, to me, I'll say, all right, I think I know where this is going, but let me explore it. And they'll say, Yeah, this great opportunity for you, that's another tell. And we're going to put you in a room with all these billionaires, and there's going to be all this opportunity for you if you just come in and speak, and we don't have a budget. Andrew Huberman: Well, I've gotten that one before. The world will just work out in your favor because it's going to work out in my favor. Chris Voss: Right, exactly right. Andrew Huberman: I've been on the receiving end of those offers many a time. Fascinating. Conversely, what sorts of openers do you think establish the best rapport and benevolent discovery of a topic? Chris Voss: Well, what I'm saying correlates real strongly with people I want to do business with. If they figured out something that they know is valuable for me and they've just done it and they've just offered it, like right off the bat, no strings attached. They found a way to drop something on me that's valuable. They didn't approach me with their hand out. They approached me with some sort of generosity. Like a friend of mine, Joe Polish, runs this outfit called Genius Network. Joe, he says, life gives to the giver. Joe did a bunch of favors for me before I ever joined, and he was trying to help me out and get my book sold, and he asked me to come in and speak, and he emphasized my book on his podcast and in different conversations. And I finally paid the fee to join because he had done so much for me. There's not much Joe could ask me for right now because he's done so much for me that he gets a blanket. Pretty much, yes, right away. What do you want? What do you need? Because he's just generous. And the generosity approach universally, I'm seeing a lot of really successful people that lead by generosity. And so if you start out, if you give me a five-star review of the book on Amazon, no strings attached or anything like that, goes a long, long way to somebody who wants to establish a long-term relationship collaboration. Andrew Huberman: When I first opened my laboratory in 2011, I had a technician at the time who had been a technician for a lot of years. And there's this culture in science of people borrowing things from laboratories and not giving them back or breaking them. These can be little things, like a small instrument or a forceps. But as a student or postdoc, these are the things that you covet, like a really nice pair of forceps. It's like a great thing. You drop them once, they're not good anymore, by the way. It's like you have to treat them with respect. Surgical tools have to be treated with respect. These are very fine instruments, and people used to come by our lab all the time and borrow stuff from us, and he'd always lend it out. And I was like, what are you doing? But anytime I went to go borrow something, he'd say, do not borrow anything from anybody else, because then we're going to owe them. Right now, everybody owes us everything. And I was like, you're running up our budget giving away these instruments. They come back with the forceps dented and stuff. And he said, just trust me, this is the way to do it. And I don't recall ever, quote unquote, cashing in on any of that. But he was exactly right when I eventually decided to move institutions. We had given away so much and we had asked for so very little, maybe nothing, that when you leave a place, typically there can be a little bad blood. And all we got was sorry to see you go kind of stuff. Had it been me, I would have been in kind of an exchange of oh, we ask for things, we give things. It's kind of a neighborhood. I grew up in a neighborhood where you'd borrow eggs or milk from the neighbor. Remember those days? I don't know if people do that any longer, but I think it falls well into what you're describing, that when you just do things for people out of goodness, then sure, you sort of have a history where you could return to that they owe you. But there's also just something good about just doing things out of goodness and also not asking for so much and expecting people to provide that. So I love that and I love providing good reviews for things I like on the phone. When the airline, we don't do this anymore, we book our own flights. But anytime I get help on the phone and if it's really great help, I'll say, how can I help? And they'll say, oh, it would mean a lot if you would send an email to my business just saying I did a great job or something like that. And I actually really enjoy doing that. So I love the points you're making because they're very actionable. As many of you know, I've been taking AG1 daily since 2012, so I'm delighted that they're sponsoring the podcast. AG1 is a vitamin-mineral-probiotic drink that's designed to meet all of your foundational nutrition needs. Now, of course, I try to get enough servings of vitamins and minerals through whole food sources that include vegetables and fruits every day, but oftentimes I simply can't get enough servings. But with AG1, I'm sure to get enough vitamins and minerals and the probiotics that I need, and it also contains adaptogens to help buffer stress. Simply put, I always feel better when I take AG1. I have more focus and energy, and I sleep better. And it also happens to taste great. For all these reasons, whenever I'm asked if you could take just one supplement, what would it be? I answer AG1. If you'd like to try AG1, go to drinkag1.com/huberman to claim a special offer. They will give you 5 free travel packs plus a year supply of vitamin D3 K2. Again, that's drinkag1.com/huberman. Shifting slightly to the more, let's call them high friction negotiations or the types of negotiations where there's the potential for a truly bad outcome. Chris Voss: Right. Andrew Huberman: I know you've been asked this before, but some of our listeners are going to be learning about you for the first time. Do you recall of the many negotiations that you did while in the FBI, any one particular negotiation that felt like, if this doesn't work out, this is really catastrophic? And would you be willing to share that with. Chris Voss: I learned, you know, they try to teach us early on that not everything's going to work out. And the second negotiation I had in the Philippines, the first one, young man named Jeff Schilling, was grabbed by terrorist group Abu Sayyaf, and he ended up walking away because we stall the bad guys long enough that sometimes if you can slow it down, you wait for something good to fall out of the sky, and it will. And that ended up happening in that case. And a bad guy ends up calling the negotiator that I coached on the phone after it was over to basically tell him that they still had a good relationship. It was nuts. Why does a bad guy call the negotiator that was responsible for him losing everything and know you did a good job? Which is exactly what happened. So we roll into a case, and I hadn't had anything go bad at that point in time. Very next case, a Burnham-Sobero case by a different faction of the terrorist group, 13 months later ends up in two of the three remaining hostages shot and killed by friendly fire along the way. Hostages had been executed. An American had been executed early on, and it was a train wreck, and lots of people got killed all along the way, and just really ridiculous bad things happening. And that was bad all the way through. So learned a lot from it, went back and checked everything we did, and we didn't do anything wrong that we felt based on our strategy, didn't miss anything. And that was why I ended up going collaborating with the guys at Harvard, because my reaction was, if we did everything we know how to do and it wasn't enough, that means we're not smart enough, we got to get better. And so that case taught me a lot about the dynamics that really happen on the other side and the difference between whether or not people are really on your side. The US government was not highly collaborative. The Philippine government was not highly collaborative. Everybody wanted to get their pound of flesh out of the other side. I mean, just everything bad that you can imagine. Early on, when Guillermo Sobero was murdered by the Abu Sayyaf, it was a national holiday in the Philippines, and the bad guys had a history of killing people on national holidays, and we weren't from the Philippines, and we had no idea that that day was a national holiday. And we showed up at Philippine National Police Headquarters, in Manila, and it was closed. Now I got an ongoing hostage case with bad guys threatening to kill hostages. And we show up at the gates, and the gates are closed, and we're like, what the hell's going on here? Well, it's a national holiday. Nobody's working today. I'm like, first of all, nobody told us that. Secondly, I don't think the bad guys really care that it's a national holiday and nobody's working. Our negotiator is nowhere to be found. We got a guy there that the previous negotiator we worked with, Philippine National Police, was not that happy that they didn't have him under complete control. So they give us a guy that will not tell us anything until after he's told them. So he's having conversations with the bad guys, and we're actually hearing about him secondhand. He didn't show up that day. And, of course, that day, the bad guys announced they're going to kill a hostage and give it as a gift to the country of the Philippines because it's a holiday. And they go, oh, by the way, they like doing this on holidays. And Guillermo Sobero ended up getting his head cut. Because of all the warring factions on our side of the table not telling each other what the hell's going on. So I had assumed at that point in time that people would tell us the stuff we need to know, we didn't need to ask. And after that, I got like, look, there ain't nothing here that I don't need to know. If it's a holiday, it's coming up, and you assume, I know you got to tell us. So, really learned a lot about collaboration on our side of the table and also the lack of collaboration on the other side of the table. Just because we're a mess doesn't mean they got their act together and the bad guys didn't have their act together. And ultimately the hostages, one of the reasons someone didn't come out, because internally, they had double crossed each other. So learned a lot about what really fundamental human nature dynamics are in teams, and your team has not got its act together, and the other team does not either. So what can you do as a communicator to make up for that? Really learned a lot about that in that case. I had cases subsequent to that involving Al-Qaeda when Al-Qaeda was killing people on a regular basis. But we saw those coming and we did everything we could do to keep the train from smashing into us. You see a train coming down the tracks, you know it's coming down the tracks, and you do the best you can to derail it, and sometimes you can't. Andrew Huberman: I've heard it said that when people take somebody captive that they either want their money, their body or their life, or some combination of those. Chris Voss: Yeah, that's probably one of those three. Yeah, that's very true. Andrew Huberman: And as the negotiator trying to rescue the hostage, is it important to identify early on which of those three or which all of those three they're after, like how serious they are? Are they willing to actually kill the hostage? Will they go for any amount of money above X number of dollars, trying to figure out their threshold. Because the person is on the other side is gambling. They're gambling their freedom, they're gambling their reputation with whoever their reputation matters to. Is it important to get into the mindset of the person you're negotiating with quickly using the hypothesis-generating method? And if so, could you give an example of how that played out in your previous work? Chris Voss: Yeah, the indicators are really there. Once you sort of lose your illusions about how you think things should play out, then the patterns of behavior are generally pretty quick and clear. And just because you don't like the patterns, like with Al-Qaeda, we recognize the patterns, and knowing what they are doesn't mean you can change what they are. And Al-Qaeda in 2004-ish time frame was very clear about killing people on deadline, and we had to recognize that. So there becomes a pattern of behavior, and it's usually specificity in what they say. And this is all human nature. Like, if you're in a business negotiation and they say, we're going to do something horrible here, we're going to walk out, that's fairly nonspecific. And if they say, look, if we don't get this by this specific deadline, if we don't get these specific things met by this specific time, that's pretty specific. It's specificity. You're looking for it. I learned to look for it in kidnapping negotiations. We're working a case again in the Philippines, and the bad guys say if we don't get a ransom for the son, 17-year-old boy at the time is kidnapped, you tell his father he's going to lose an egg. And that's a euphemism for losing a child. And early on, when that threat came through on our side of the table, everybody's like, oh, my God, they're going to kill him. This is really bad. We got to make sure the family can pay the ransom. I'm like, no. They didn't say when it was going to happen. They didn't say how it was going to happen. They didn't say who was going to do it. The basic specificity of who, what, when and where. Like, they left themselves an out here, a very clear out. We never said we were going to do it. We never said when it was going to happen. We never said which child. They're just trying to scare you. They're throwing out something vague. I said, we got plenty of time to play with this. We got to push this all the way through the process until the end. Now, later on in that case, when the family tried to deliver a ransom and it was screwed up by God knows who, the bad guys came up back on the phone and they said, if we don't get paid tomorrow, your son dies. And I said, all right, now that's specific. And these guys sound like they mean it. And so we're going to have to make sure this thing goes down tomorrow or that's the end of this kid. And at that point in time, we allowed the family, we were in a position to allow or disallow. We were in a position to offer thoughts. And our thoughts were, they mean it now, and you need to do something now, or likely something bad's going to happen. And now that they're this serious, because you always got to worry about what we used to refer to as a double dip. Do they take the money and they come back and say, no, that was a down payment. That wasn't the ransom. That was just a down payment. You got to make sure you don't get double dipped if you let the family pay, and you got to give them your honest opinion as to whether or not they're going to let the hostage go if you pay now. And our thoughts were, you pay them tomorrow. Your son's coming out. And he did. Andrew Huberman: The double dip is a scary thing to hear about at a much lower level, meaning more minor level. People sometimes get shaken down online, like their password will get taken. There are people everywhere who go for the "click on this link," you'll get a text message. We've identified that your account has been changed. Verify you. Click on the link, takes you someplace where you put in your login and password, and boom, it's gone. And then they try and sell it back to you, typically through cryptocurrency, because it's not traceable. Chris Voss: By the way those negotiations can be a lot of fun if you let them. Andrew Huberman: Well, I'm hoping that our discussion about this now is going to save some people the trouble of having their accounts hacked. I've known people who've had their accounts hacked, and these are some smart people. But what's interesting is that I've also observed those situations where somebody gets to the point where they say, you know, I'm just going to give them what they want. And I remember in this one particular instance saying, no, do not give them the money, because then they're just going to say they want more. There's no guarantee that they're going to give you back what you want. And why would they? If you think about it, why would they? The money funnels in and they just can pivot and go to the next thing. So how do you gain confidence that you are likely to be double dipped or not? Chris Voss: Well, first of all, I got to find out if they're in a position to carry out the threat, or if they're in any sort of legitimate position to begin with. For lack of a better term, it's proof of life. And there are a lot of people that have tried to scam you, but they don't really have the ability to scam you. So you got to find out, do some confirmation. Do they have access to your account? Do they have your data? They have your money. Do they have it in a position or are they just trying to make you believe that they have that position of influence on you? There are a lot of the bad guys out there that are just rolling a dice, dialing for dollars, if you will. And if they don't scam you when they have no leverage on you, they'll find somebody else that'll give in. So there's a bit of authenticity, or are they in a position to do it? And the same rule applies in any negotiation. The other side is going to give in when they feel like they've gotten everything they can. Kidnappers. I'd be asked by an ambassador, asked by an FBI commander, when's this going to be over? When the bad guys feel like they've gotten everything they could, not when they did, but when they felt like they did. So our job is just make them feel it sooner. So how hard do you make it? Innocently on the other side? Everybody wants to feel like they got a good day's pay for a good day's work. So if you let them feel like they're in charge and you make them work by asking them innocent how and what questions, which are very hard and fatiguing to answer, then you're going to get to the point where you're going to get a solid outcome where you don't get double dipped and they're going to be happy that it's over because they felt like they got everything they could. It could be your data, could be your bank account, could be anything. The other side is going to be satisfied with the outcome when they feel like they've worked for it. And business negotiations, you're selling your car and you put a price tag on your car, and the guy walks up to you and says, I'll give you full amount right now. What's your reaction? I should have asked for more. Maybe I won't sell my car. Every human interaction, the other side wants to feel like that they earned what they got. And so the idea of empathy and hostage negotiations is really just to make them feel that sooner. Andrew Huberman: We're going to come back to empathy because it's such a big and important topic. But I've heard it said before that if somebody you don't know, but maybe also somebody you know, places a real sense of urgency on need the money now, or I need you to do something right away, or else, not a threat of physical violence, but that any request for expediting something is a red flag, that it's likely to be a scam. Very seldom do you need to click on the link within 24 hours. Right? I mean, how could that possibly be? But that's one way in which people are exploited, that some request comes in by phone or by email or text, or maybe even person. Somebody says, you need to do this right now or else something bad is going to happen, capture people's sense of urgency, get them to make a mistake, and then they're left reeling. Because that request for something right now or else, I think, hits a fundamental nerve in us. Chris Voss: To want to help, to be a rescuer. Andrew Huberman: Right. So is that a good rule of thumb for people to keep in mind? Chris Voss: I think that's a great rule of thumb. I mean, a friend of mine, somebody got a hold of his phone number not that long ago, and I was getting texts from his number. Sound like, look, man, I got some real problems. Look, I need some money from you now. It was a friend, a friend's number. And I remember when I first saw it, actually, when I first saw it, I was really busy, and I felt bad that I didn't get back to him that day. And then I didn't hear from him again. And so I thought, well, whatever it was, he worked it out. So a couple of weeks later, I get the text again, you got a real problem. You got to get back to me right now. So I decide if it's really my buddy, I am going to help him right now. I got to make sure it's really my buddy. I said, hey, man, you didn't raise this at all last time I saw you in Vegas. Because I'd seen him in Vegas recently. And he's, you know, I was busy. I couldn't bring it up. And so I'm thinking, like, all right, so there's no direct confirmation or denial. We had breakfast together in Vegas. So then I shoot back, I said, like, and, man, I got to tell you something. That was such a crazy night, and I still owe you money from then. So that night when we were gambling, I still owe you money. I'm happy to help. Now, it wasn't a crazy night. It was breakfast, and I didn't owe money. And his next response was like, yeah, don't worry about it. You can make that up to me with this. So I'm like, all right, cool. So now I start making stuff up. And I said, and when we were with those strippers and that dog and the clown and the pony, I'll never get over that. And so now the guy's, what are you talking about? And I said, by the way. And then I started throwing in some stuff about his wife and his mother, and the guy got insulted and called me names and stopped texting me. And then I sent all those text messages to the real guy, including what I'd said about his mother, and he texted me back. He's got a great sense of humor. He says, by the way, my mom does think you're attractive. Andrew Huberman: Oh, man. Chris Voss: But I started it all by just checking the source. If it was my friend, I would have helped him immediately. And I need to throw something at him that's going to confirm that it's him and that I'm there for him. But I'm also going to put a little bit of a curve in there that if he doesn't catch, I know it's a con, and then I'm going to have fun with it. Andrew Huberman: Incredible knowledge that people will hear this and they might think, oh, that's never going to happen to me. But like I said, I had known family members and friends who they make the mistake, they take the bait of clicking on the link and then now they're getting the shakedown. Actually, a good friend of mine said that her parents called at some point. Her parents are probably in their late 70s now. Someone had called their house and told them that their child, this woman, had been kidnapped and that they needed to send money. Andrew Huberman: And that if they called the police, they'd kill her or harm her in some way. So they started sending money and they were afraid to contact her. And you can see what a bind a loving parent would be in. They obviously don't want to get this child of theirs hurt, and they obviously are willing to do whatever it takes in order to get them back. Turns out it was total scam, right. Because eventually there was communication that made them realize that their daughter was perfectly okay and never even interacted with kidnappers. So those kinds of scams happen pretty often. Chris Voss: I've had that happen to a friend also. So the sense of urgency should have been the first flag. Chris Voss: That's a great point. Yeah, absolutely. And look, even if they've got your loved one, the secondary issue is if you do what they want, are they going to let them go? Which is actually a legitimate question, like if there really are bad guys. One of the things we learned in hostage negotiation that applied to business negotiation, there are legitimate questions that it's okay to ask. You're not being disrespectful, you're not pushing back. There are fair to use the F bomb. Fair, legitimate questions that you can ask under any circumstances, which is basically, if I comply, is this going to work out the way that you're articulating it? Anything that adds communication into it, which gives you more information to find out what the ultimate outcome looks like. Even in kidnappings, how do you know that if you pay, they're going to let them go? That's a legitimate question. Andrew Huberman: There are examples somewhere in between getting your Instagram account hacked, your bank account hacked, and God forbid, your child kidnapped, for instance. There's a whole practice within the legal profession of probing to see whether or not somebody is going to give up money to avoid a lawsuit, for instance. Actually, a lawyer friend of mine recently described their job very well. He said, in his words, first person, he said, I scare people for money. The operative word being scare people. Chris Voss: And that's being honest. Andrew Huberman: Yeah, he's being very honest. He scares people for money and he's very good at it. And he understands how other people scare people for money. And he works both sides in plaintiff for defense type situations. But it made me realize that a lot of the legal profession is not okay. The lawsuit slid across the table. It's the, okay, here's what the lawsuit would look like. Here are all the statutes that potentially were violated, and then there's a probe of what somebody's finances are and how much they're willing to pay. And do they have liability insurance? Do they have an umbrella policy? All the sorts of things that are really, it's not necessarily an illegal shakedown, but it's a probing as to whether or not it's worth the effort. Chris Voss: Diagnosing the other side's ability to pay. Andrew Huberman: You're right. And so that happens really often. I can give a specific example where somebody had an incident at a dog park, where their dog allegedly ran into somebody, maybe charged at somebody ... dog park. People are standing around and the person moved and apparently injured their knee. But rather than sue the owner of the dog, what they typically do is deliver some set of documents that say, I was injured, your dog was responsible for this, and if you don't settle up for X number of dollars, you're going to be sued for usually an exorbitant amount above that. And then there's this question that the lawyers have to figure out, like, is it puffery? Chris Voss: Right? Andrew Huberman: Are they saying, I'm going to sue you for $4 million? Is there any basis for that? And good lawyers will say, that's puffery. They're trying to scare you with a big number, but a lot of people see that number and go, oh, my goodness, what do they want? You know what? I don't even know if they were injured. If they were, that's terrible. I'd want that taken care of. If my dog's responsible, But what do they need in order to make this go away? And that happens millions of times a day throughout the country, and a good portion of those probably happen here in California, because that's kind of the way the legal system is arranged. So this is not somebody. It could be somebody manipulating the law. It could also be somebody who's being entirely honest about their experience of being injured by somebody else's dog. So under those conditions, I mean, it sounds like the same set of rules apply. You want to know how serious they are. Do they have a case, so to speak? That's the work of the lawyers. But in assessing how serious somebody is, you said it's fair. You called it the F word. I like that. I'll never forget that just ask a fair question, how much money do you think you deserve? Or would that be a good example of a very direct question? Or is it, how likely are you to walk away if we don't give you the money? Because I could imagine there's all sorts of reasons why people would be dishonest about answering those questions. Chris Voss: Well, and then how much money you think you deserve is a really good question. Not necessarily what the answer is, but how they answer it. You're going to get how quickly they fire back and whether or not they stop and think about it. How and what questions typically are best to judge the other side's reaction? And the answer is secondary because the how or what question causes what we would refer to as deep thinking, slow thinking. Daniel Kahneman, behavioral economics, "Thinking Fast and Slow." Slow thinking is in-depth thinking. You ask a how or what question to make the other side think first and judge their reaction to how they think about it. And do they actually think about it, or do they fire right back at you? That gives you a clearer picture of who you're dealing with, where the outcome is going to go. How much money do you think that you deserve if they immediately. Ten million. All right, so this is, I got a shakedown artist on the other side. Or they say, all right, if they stop and think about it and they give you a thoughtful answer, that's a completely different person on the other side. You're asking a question to diagnose how they respond first, the answer is second. And sometimes if it's a cutthroat on the other side, I'm going to start peppering them with how and what questions, just to wear them out. That's passive aggression. If I got a cutthroat aggressor on the other side, I'm going to drop into passive aggressive behavior to slow them down and wear them out. One of my hostage negotiation heroes, a guy named Gianni Picco, was Gianni Domenico Picco, not Johnny like Johnny Rockets, Italian Gianni. Gianni Domenico got all the Western hostages out of Beirut in the mid '80s, wrote a book called "Man Without a Gun," negotiated in person, face-to-face with Hezbollah. The only guy that ever did that got everybody out. And in his book he wrote, one of the great secrets to negotiation is learning how to exhaust the other side. And when you've got a really dangerous adversary on the other side of the table, you don't go nose to nose. You don't argue, you're not combative. You wear them out, exhaust them. And if you got somebody really combative or cutthroat on the other side, start peppering them with how and what questions, because to even think about the answer, it tires them out, and it's passive aggressive, and it's deferential, and it really works. Andrew Huberman: So if the person on the opposite side of a high-friction negotiation is aggressive, the goal is to slow things down, fatigue them, and get them to just either relent or to reveal something. That's a loophole. Chris Voss: Yeah, if I have to make the deal, then I'm going to wear them out. Andrew Huberman: I'd like to take a quick break and acknowledge our sponsor, InsideTracker. InsideTracker is a personalized nutrition platform that analyzes data from your blood and DNA to help you better understand your body and help you meet your health goals. I'm a big believer in getting regular blood work done for the simple reason that many of the factors that impact your immediate and long-term health can only be analyzed from a quality blood test. However, with a lot of blood tests out there, you get information back about blood lipids, about hormones and so on, but you don't know what to do with that information. With InsideTracker, they have a personalized platform that makes it very easy to understand your data, that is, to understand what those lipids, what those hormone levels, etc., mean, and behavioral supplement, nutrition and other protocols to adjust those numbers to bring them into the ranges that are ideal for your immediate and long-term health. Right now, InsideTracker is conducting a giveaway valued at $6,000. This giveaway includes a full year of InsideTracker tests, a consultation with a registered dietitian, and a Hydro indoor rowing machine. To learn more about InsideTracker and to enter this zero-cost giveaway, go to fitnessfuelslongevity.com to enter. That's fitnessfuelslongevity.com to enter. I'm interested in drilling a little bit further into this process of wearing them down and the passive aggressive way of reducing the aggressor's stance. And I want to highlight for people that what we're talking about here isn't manipulation to extract something we're actually talking about the reverse. We're talking about a bad actor who's aggressive and trying to defang that bad actor. What does that process of wearing them down look like or sound like? Could you give us a couple of examples of, let's say I'm the bad actor, we could play this game. I won't be very good at this. And I am saying, look, I want X number of dollars by this date or you're not going to get what you want, they're going to die or disappear. Is that simple? And a stonewall kind of approach. What is the approach that you take to wear that person down? Chris Voss: Well, they're going to be questions that are mostly how and what? And they're going to be legitimate questions, which is how do I know you're going to follow through? What does that look like? Like if I do what you want, how do I know you're going to follow through? Andrew Huberman: So get them to talk about the alternative. Okay, so if you were to. Well, if you deliver by that date, I'm going to pass them to you without fail. Like, if they're just getting kind of brief answers where the person is just, again, this kind of like rigid stonewall approach. Chris Voss: Yeah, well, and so there's a phrase that we use all the time, vision drives decision. So if you're really going to comply, if I give in and when I say, how do I I'm not talking about the threat. I'm not trying to get you to clarify the threat. I'm trying to get you to clarify what implementation looks like. So I need to know based on your reaction to that, if you plan on following through. If I comply, you will already have that in your head or be open to it. Vision drives decision. You've thought it through in advance. What does letting the hostages go look like if you have no intention of ever releasing the hostage? If I follow through, then you're not going to be able to answer the question and you're probably going to throw it back on me really quickly. And so then now I know, like, all right, so you got no plans on complying. If I give in, you're not going to comply, but you still want the money. Then I'm going to ask, well, how am I supposed to pay you if you don't have any plans for complying and if you're willing to entertain a conversation about what compliance looks like? There was a kidnapping that my unit worked just before I was in it in Venezuela, where they weren't entirely sure that the bad guys were going to ... the FARC, I think, had the hostage. They agreed on an exchange point to let the hostage go. That was some distance from where they had a pretty good idea the hostage was being held. So they figured they're not going to drag the hostage all the way to this river crossing if they're not going to let them go. It's just too much effort. And then it was one of the few times there was going to be, theoretically, a simultaneous exchange, but they're going to have to send the money across the river before the hostage was let go. So if we agree to this, all right, so they're not going to drag this guy all the way to this river crossing if they don't plan on letting him go. And if it's a long way to drag him and they got their money, do they want to drag them back? Like, even if they're ambivalent, once they get there, if they've gone through all the effort to get to the meeting location and the hostage is there, we've now just increased the chances significantly. They're going to go ahead and comply because it's a pain in the neck to take them back. This is all human nature stuff, human nature investment. How do you get them to engage in actions and behaviors and then verbal commitments that actually mean something to them? When I was working kidnappings, the very last thing we'd always have the family get the bad guys to say at last, not first, but last, was we'd actually get a verbal promise to let them go again at the end, because we've been talking to them long enough. At this point in time, we got a pretty good idea of what they sound like when they're lying and what they sound like when they tell in the truth. If somebody tells the truth, they pretty much tend to tell the truth the same way every time. If they tell the truth, you talk to somebody long enough, you got a line on do they ever tell the truth? And if they do, what does it sound like? People lie 20 ways. They tell the truth one way. So we've been coaching in negotiations with the kidnappers long enough that we know what they sound like when they tell the truth. So when they ask at the very end, if we paid, you promise to let them go? It's not that they answered, but how they answered it, and that'll be the last thing to seal the deal. How do you continually stack the odds in your favor for implementation? Andrew Huberman: Do you have a bodily, like a somatic sensor for lying? The reason I ask is, years ago, I had the experience of knowing somebody, and they turned out to be a generally good person. But I sensed early on that something was, like, off. I couldn't relax around them. I just couldn't relax around them. And I could not tell you why, but it was as if my, I couldn't even identify the neuroanatomy of it. You might say it was the vagus nerve or something, but I teach neuroanatomy, and I can't point to one pathway in the body. There was something about my autonomic response that would just start cranking up when I was around them, like, something is off, something is off, something else. And I kid you not, five years later, five years later, I discovered a series of lies that all ratcheted together that were actually pretty meaningless in the total context of things. But I remember thinking at that moment, oh, my goodness, my system knew. And for all my knowledge of neuroscience, I can't tell you to this day what it was in my biology, but it had something to do with my bodily response. It wasn't just a thought like, that doesn't quite add up, or I feel like I'm getting the runaround. It was a physical sensation. Are you familiar with that experience? Well, it's a little bit what you guys and your colleagues are still discovering the science behind the gut. And what we are actually teaching my company now, we're teaching people, learn the difference between your gut and your amygdala, for lack of a better term, your fear centers, and know which one is which. And listen to your gut. Your gut is ridiculously accurate. Now, where does that information come from? One of your podcasts recently, I was listening to. We were talking about olfactory cues, right? The smells like. I never thought of that. Of course. What was the term for the molecules that you're putting off? Andrew Huberman: Pheromones. Chris Voss: Pheromones going to get kicked out, of course. And that's why some of the great investigators I knew would say, I can just smell it. I can smell it. So what all is feeding your gut, and what are the senses that the science hasn't yet discovered? You can't make me believe, I will never believe that the life force stops at the surface of our skin, that there's energy and that we can pick up on the energy. I mean, our gut is being fed by all these different inputs that we're aware of or that we have yet to be made aware of. The tone of voice doesn't match their words. The head tilt. You've got a supercomputer in your brain. Your gut is incredible if you listen to it instead of your fear centers. And as soon as you start listening to your gut, you can't explain it at the time, but you got a bad feeling in your gut. And later on, then you saw it all came together, where your brain was picking up these cues, your brain was probably, when you're in their presence, there's got to be an odor. Somebody gives off when they're intentionally deceiving. You didn't know that that was a smell, and maybe you couldn't have consciously smelled it, but you're still picking it up. So long answer to I'm a very big believer in the gut. I think there's science that we know and yet to discover that tells us that the gut is just ridiculously accurate if we listen to it instead of our fear centers. Andrew Huberman: I completely agree that there are energetic exchanges that neuroscience can't yet explain. The field of neuroscience, that is, is starting to explore some of these things. There's basically three apex journals, the most competitive journals to publish in: Science, Nature, and Cell. And I only mention that because there was a series of articles written in Science magazine about magnetoreception in humans. The idea that humans can detect magnetic fields sounds like wackery, right? Turtles can detect magnetic fields. They migrate by them, actually long distances, but the idea is that humans can't do that. And yet there are some well-controlled studies where people have to guess about the orientation of a magnetic field, and they do it better than chance. Not everyone can do it, but some can do it better than chance in a way that cannot be predicted by anything else except some inherent form of magnetoreception in their nervous system. So there are capabilities of the nervous system that are starting to be revealed, for which we don't have a lot of evidence, but there's enough evidence to suggest that these things are really happening. The other example, which you might find interesting, is a little bit more, a little less esoteric. But there was a beautiful paper published in one of the Cell Press journals a couple of years ago showing that when people listen to the same story, the distance between their heartbeats tends to be very similar. Now, it doesn't mean that their exact heart rates are similar, but if you look at the distance between their heartbeats, they all entrain to the same rhythm, the same song. And get this, they're in completely separate rooms. The experiments are being done on completely separate days. And yet, if I were to line up just the distance between the heartbeats for you, they would line up like a set of columns. Chris Voss: Wow. Andrew Huberman: For dozens of individuals listening to the same story. So clearly there's a passage of energy from things we hear and things we see that goes into our nervous system at a level that's below our conscious detection. Here's the last thing I'll say about this. We have a series on mental health coming out, not mental illness, but mental health, by, I think, to be among the very finest psychiatrists in the world, Dr. Paul Conti, and he said, you know, we all think that the forebrain is the supercomputer. Andrew Huberman: He said, no, the subconscious is the supercomputer. That's where the real knowledge processing is happening. That's the iceberg below the surface where all the real heavy lifting has taken place. And that people who learn to tap into the subconscious can learn to use that information in very meaningful ways. And I think that's what you're describing. Chris Voss: He's been on with you before, right? Andrew Huberman: He has, to talk about trauma in particular. And he was on Lex Fridman's podcast as well. The series that we're doing with him is not about trauma per se. It's really about the subconscious and the self. I think you'll find this series really interesting, and it has a number of very practical questions that one can ask themselves about their subconscious and kind of work the process of psychiatry. We're excited to release that series because I don't know of anything like it that's been put out there into the public. But I was so pleasantly surprised to hear him say, we all hear that the forebrain is the supercomputer. It's what drove our evolution. He's like, no, it's the subconscious. That's where our real wisdom resides. And the forebrain is just the implementation device. Chris Voss: How we can convince ourselves that we're in charge. I mean, I can't think of a time that my gut told me A, and it turned out to be B. More often than not, though, I've suppressed my response to the gut. I override it, thinking, I think I made the mistake that you guys train your negotiators to avoid, which is I thought, well, this is making me anxious and the anxiety must be like me, this must be my fault, or I'm not able to calm myself in this situation, not sleeping well, etc. And therefore, this must represent some deficiency on my part. And Lord knows, as your shirt points out, I'm a very flawed person. I have many flaws. I always say I have 3000 pet peeves and at least as many flaws to match those pet peeves, a one-to-one, at least relationship. But the point being that I think our bodies really do know. They know. Chris Voss: Yeah, I would agree. Andrew Huberman: So when you're doing negotiations and you're hearing somebody's voice on the phone, there are a lot of cues. When you're face to face, there are additional cues. There's their face. And then, of course, if the negotiations are being done by text over a computer or a phone. It's a very diminished environment for information. So maybe we could talk about each of those, because we live in those landscapes. If we're face-to-face and we're negotiating, you're listening, of course, to what I want, what I'm insisting on. You're working that process from your side. What are you paying attention to visually? Chris Voss: It's more, are things in alignment? There's layman's data, the words, the way it's said and look on people's face and how are they weighed and how they play out. There's a ratio out there that very unscientific 7% words, 38% delivery, 55% body language. People want to argue about it all the time whether or not that's accurate. As a rule of thumb, we throw that out there. But I tell people the most important issue is, do they line up? So I'm not going to look for, like, when do you raise your eyebrow, or when do you look up into the left? I'm really just going to try to get a gut feeling whether or not I think these things are lining up, whether they're in alignment or whether they're out of line. And then I'm going to be real careful about what meaning I assign to that. Affective cues, changes in your tone of voice, changes in your movement. And that's one of the reasons why we don't teach reading people's body language, because it's completely contextual to you and the moment. So if I convince myself that a raise of the eyebrow means this, it's out of context. I was in a negotiation once where I threw out a figure to somebody, and I saw him kind of look off to the side and look back and accepted my offer. And I made the mistake of not saying to them the appropriate thing for me to say at the time would have been, seems like something just crossed your mind, because the only completely true observation, if they looked to the side and looked back, something crossed their mind. Now, I read it at the moment of saying that they had more money, and I found out after the fact that was wrong. They were stretched to the limit. The look of hesitation didn't mean that they were holding stuff back, but I read it wrong, and I didn't bother to check on the affective cue that I saw. So what am I babbling about? What I'm babbling about is if we're in a negotiation and whether or not I'm listening to your tone of voice or watching your body language or your words. If I see you shift at all, I should pay attention that there was a shift in your affected behavior, but I need to find out what was behind it as opposed to making an assumption as to what it meant. So, yeah, I'm going to watch, I'm going to get my gut feeling and I'm going to say, sounds like there's some hesitation, or it looks like something just crossed your mind, or even if I can't attribute it to a specific affective move, I might say it feels like there's something in the way here. That's me listening to my gut. I'll throw out an observation on whatever any of those might be, just to go back over the ground a little bit and double check. Because the other thing about negotiating in person is you're going to give me more information physically than I can actually process. And if you say something that's thought provoking, I'll stop and think about it. And while I'm stopping and thinking about what you just said, I'm missing all your cues. So all the skills that we teach, the labels, the mirrors, the open-ended questions, which seem like we're going back and plowing the ground again, we are. Because I didn't pick up all the information the first time, there's just more there than I can get. And so I need to go back over it a couple of times with you, just so I get it right, without making you feel interrogated, you actually feel heard and you actually get to go back over it again. So it becomes what seems to be an inefficient process, but it's actually me just double checking my information. So if we're face-to-face, I'm going to ask you to repeat, but I'm not going to say, would you please repeat that? I'm going to get you to repeat without asking you to repeat. Andrew Huberman: Is the same true in online or text communications? Chris Voss: The same thing is true. The problem with online and text is people try to bundle everything into one communication. The best analogy I can think of is if you were playing chess by text, would you put seven moves in your text? No, you'd only put one move in. So only try to get one point across in a text. Don't explain, don't throw a whole bunch of stuff in text or emails. They're all almost always too long and it's going to come off as cold. So do what you can to soften it. There's a documentary film that's been done on my company called "Tactical Empathy." Nick Nanton won 22, 23 Emmys. The filmmaker, DNA films. It was finished last year. It's not out yet. For a variety of reasons, we haven't put it out. So we screened the thing in Vegas last year. I see it. I love it. I'm not a good judge of a film about me. I'm going to love it no matter what. It's about me. But I tell Nick that night, oh, man, I love it. This is great. Two days later, I find out. I realize there's a huge problem. I've already told him it's okay. I'm going to text him and then I'm going to call him and we got to fix it now. It's a Sunday text message. I sent him a two-line text. Is now a bad time to talk? I got something you don't want to hear. Two lines. Now. What were my other options? I could have called him. Nick and I got a great relationship. I call him. If he's in a position to pick up the phone. Doesn't matter what he's doing. He's going to answer the phone. He was in the middle of a Zoom call. If I'd have called, he'd have picked up during the Zoom call and both conversations would have been bad. He immediately fires back to me, I'm in the middle of a Zoom call. I'll call you in a half an hour. He already knows he ain't going to like what he's going to hear. I'm prepping him for bad news. Get him on the phone, like, look, I know what I said. We got a problem. We got to get Derek on camera. Derek is a guy in my team. I'm shocked that I haven't made him part of the documentary. This is going to be incomplete without Derek. We got to get Derek on film. We can't show this to anybody else until we get him on film and make a part of it immediately. He's in problem solving mode. He goes, okay, I got to get a crew to Derek or get Derek to a crew. I need to know when we can do it. We got another showing of the films scheduled in LA, less than a month away. Says, I got to get Derek on camera and we got to edit it. And it's going to take three weeks of editing. I said, I'll get you access to Derek's camera. He goes, done. Or Derek's calendar. He says, done. It's done. We go through this whole conversation in less than ten minutes. Now think of the normal negotiation. Hey, Nick, how are you? What's going on today? Are you in a good mood? Hey, how the kids doing? All this time-wasting conversation? If I had set him up with that also, he could have legitimately said, are you out of your mind? We've been working on this for a year. You didn't bring this up in a year. Not only that, you already told me two days ago at the showing in Vegas that you loved it. And now, a year and a half into this project, you're bringing up all these new problems. That would have been the normal negotiation. But since we got a highly collaborative relationship, I ... two-line text, we're done in ten minutes. Now, since Nick's a very generous guy, when he gets done, and he says, by the way, you understand how much this is going to cost me? This is three weeks of editing. This is three hours of shooting and three weeks of editing. I go, yeah. He goes, but I'm happy to do it. Calls him back the next day. He's got a favor to ask me. You got it. Doesn't matter what it is. Because we'd gone through what would have been a very complicated negotiation that started on text, and I sent him a two-line text on a Sunday, and we got to solve that fast. Andrew Huberman: So if I understand it correctly, by setting the context in a very direct and succinct way, right. He goes into it in a problem-solving mode with you. Whereas if you do the tour of all the things that are going well in life. Andrew Huberman: We'll keep this PG. The mud sandwich approach. They teach you that when you get a laboratory, most scientists have no skill running a business, right? You get a laboratory, all you've done is experiments, and then suddenly you're in charge of people managing budgets and all this stuff. Most scientists, 99% of scientists, are completely unqualified to do the job they do at the level of running a laboratory. When they start, you learn it on the job, and eventually you end up having to let somebody go. And so the typical thing they teach you in these online training things is you tell somebody something nice, then you give them the bad news, and then you tell them something nice on exit. That's kind of the mud, so to speak, sandwich. This is not that. What you're talking about is saying, hey, this is the problem. You're not going to like the problem, or there is a problem, you're not going to like it. So that they show up with the context of solving a problem as opposed to giving them the tour of all the things that are going well, and then the problem is really in contrast to that. And then it's like, what I love about what you're describing is it's direct, it's honest. You're not doing the tour of the garden before you take them down to the septic tank. Chris Voss: It's what I would call the difference between being blunt and being a straight shooter. A straight shooter tells you the truth. They just tell it in a way that lands softly. Andrew Huberman: Let's talk about breakups, business breakups, romantic breakups. You breaking up with me? Andrew Huberman: No, but thanks for the hypothesis test. No, in fact, I'm enjoying this conversation so much as I always do. I'm learning a ton from you that, if anything, I'd like to expand and deepen our relationship. Chris, there. You got a lot of knowledge out of me. Platonic and professional, but expansive. What is the process of ending a relationship? And again, this could be romantic relationship, could be business relationship, could be employer, employee, could be individuals. Could be telling a whole group or an entire group telling an individual. The reason I raised this as a particular example is that I'm assuming that both sides don't want the same thing. One side wants to continue, the other side wants it to end. Andrew Huberman: I'll avoid the use of the word win-win, or the words win-win, excuse me, and just ask, is there a way to have that conversation in any of the context I just mentioned in, as you so beautifully described it, a straight shooter manner? Where it's direct, it's honest, but it lands soft, because what we're talking about here is feelings of rejection, and nobody likes feeling rejected. I don't know anybody that likes being fired, even from jobs they don't like, people's egos suffer. Andrew Huberman: So is there maybe a more specific way of asking? The question is, is there a way to encourage the person getting the bad news, to get their ego out of the way and see that if both parties don't want it, it's best for everybody involved? Chris Voss: I almost want to say no. But first, what are the caveats? Most of the time, when people are struggling with this, they're not trying to save the other side, they're trying to save themselves. So who are you really trying to save by postponing it, softening it, trying to act like it's something that it's not. I don't know that anybody has ever been fired that didn't have a sense that it was coming. The person that was getting ready to fire them opens up by saying, how are you? They know how the other person is and a person getting ready to get fired has got some gut instinct that things are going wrong. Like you said, the gut's very powerful, so you got to lower the boom as quickly as you can, but also as gently as you can. I was involved in a nonprofit a number of years ago affiliated with a church, and we're struggling whether or not to let the executive director go. I go to the minister of the church, Norman Vincent Peale's protege, a guy named Arthur Caliandro, one of the best human beings I've ever met in my life. Phenomenal guy. And I'm struggling with. I thought firing, letting this woman go was going to be bad, and I thought Arthur was going to counsel me a way out. And he looked at me and he ... There's. There's no gentle way to cut somebody's head off. And I thought, yeah, the humane thing here is, how do you bring it to conclusion as quickly as possible? Because there's no humane way to cut somebody's head off. There's no humane way to terminate the relationship. Now, what are the caveats? Maybe there are first caveat. If you're going to fire somebody, never fire somebody on a Friday. Fire them on a Monday. They got a work week to work their way out of it. You fire them on a Friday, they get a weekend to be miserable and to feel horrible, and they can't do anything about it. Caught off guard or not, on a Monday, they can pick themselves up. They can start looking for a new job. No matter who you are. Fire them on a Friday. They can't start looking for a new job on a Saturday. It's two days of misery. So, yeah, if you're going to fire somebody, fire them on a Monday, not on a Friday. If you got bad news to give somebody, warn them it's coming. People are ridiculously resilient to pain. If warned and then that, you lower the boom. You're not going to like what I have to say. It's going to be heartbreaking. You're going to hate me. Hesitate no more than 3 seconds. They got their guard up. Let them have the bad news. That's the humane way to Don't linger. Don't make them think that. How are the kids? How are you? I care about you. You're a great human being. None of the stuff at the beginning. Warn them bad news is coming and hit them with the bad news. Rip the Band-Aid off. The pain is not. If you try to rip the Band-Aid off. Slowly. That's excruciating. You're trying to save yourself. So if you got to terminate a relationship, regardless of what it is, the quicker you do it, the less painless it is, the sooner people can move on. Stop trying to save yourself. Realize how human beings handle pain. If anything, human beings are incredibly resilient if given the opportunity to brace themselves first. Andrew Huberman: I agree. Thank you for that. There's a concept that a lot of people haven't heard of, and I'm confident in saying that because I hadn't heard of it until recently, despite spending a lot of time in the literature around dopamine and motivation. And it's a term from psychology that is being used a little bit more now. And it's ego depletion. Yeah, it's an interesting concept, and I've been wanting to run this by you for a while, but I saved it for our discussion today. It turns out ego depletion is a lot like decision fatigue. We all heard the Steve Jobs thing. He wore a black turtleneck every day because he didn't have to make that decision, so he had more energy to make other decisions. I've been accused of doing the same because of my black long sleeve shirts, but there's a whole other reason for that that some people might know. But anyway, it's unimportant in the moment, but ego depletion is a little bit different than decision fatigue or decision budget. The idea with ego depletion is pretty simple. It's that the molecule dopamine does many things in the brain. But one of the things that it absolutely does is it holds us to goal-directed behavior that's associated with our sense of self. Like, I want to accomplish this. I want to get to that. And the whole notion of ego depletion involves the idea, and this has been a data-substantiated observation, that when people have to fight to be right or to defend their position for a period of time, eventually that depletes. And it seems to be, at least in part, dopamine mediated, because defending one's position takes work. Andrew Huberman: Earlier, you talked about running somebody down, wearing them out. And I wonder, as I just throw this concept out to you, cold here, whether or not that calls to mind any examples from your work where you felt like, okay, this person could really hold, but if I just kept pressing, eventually they'd tilt. Andrew Huberman: And it's different than the kind of fatigue that comes from a conversation that starts at 3 in the afternoon and ends at 2:30 in the morning. We've all been there. I've been in those conversations. Usually they're not very pleasant. And at 3 in the morning, everyone's peeling apart. I've learned over the years, you clip it at 9:30 and you try and shift. One of the worst pieces of advice I've ever heard is you'd never go to sleep angry. It's like, no, actually get sleep, wake up and then revisit the problem if the situation allows. That's my belief, anyway. Yeah. Trying to stay up all night trying to work something out is just counter biology. So ego depletion. I have a feeling a lot of what you did in your profession was running down their dopamine to the point where then they are operating from a different place where they're not defending the ego, they're actually thinking more practically about the whole situation. Does it have any kind of texture of meaning to you? Chris Voss: Yeah, no, I would agree and I would draw the distinction. First of all, in hostage negotiation, there's two kind of hostage takings. If there's a demand and there's going to be contained and uncontained, which is just literal definition, contained is bad guys in a bank, like at the Chase Bank in Brooklyn way back when, you got them surrounded, they can't get away — and uncontained is a kidnapping. You don't know where they are. Uncontained, unknown location. We're going to try to get our way in a contained situation, probably by ego depletion, wearing them out, getting to the point where they're just going to give in because they're tired, because they're going to come out, we're going to put handcuffs on them, which means that if the ego gets recharged, they're going to go back and they're going to think back over the deal. So wearing somebody out in a business negotiation, it's basically uncontained because even if you come to an agreement, there's a whole implementation phase. Did you get the agreement because you wore them out? Because they get tired, because they just gave in. At some point in time, they're going to get recharged and they're going to get recharged while you're in implementation. So they're either going to not going to follow the terms of the deal or at the slightest opportunity, they're going to deviate. I think ego depletion is a real thing and it's a bad way to get a business deal that's going to stick. Andrew Huberman: Because they rest and then they come back a different person. Chris Voss: Yeah, they're going to be recharged, their ego is going to be recharged. And if you got the agreement based on a depletion of their ego, that battery is going to get charged back up again. Whether it's a business deal, whether it's a personal negotiation, you have a disagreement with your significant other, and you follow that bad advice. Don't go to bed angry. And so you stay up till three in the morning and you think you come to a resolution. Everybody gets a good night's sleep the next day. They feel completely differently about what they said the night before. Andrew Huberman: Yeah, I might have heard of that happening once or twice. Chris Voss: Saw it in a movie, right? Andrew Huberman: Yeah, saw it in a movie. A friend explained that situation to me earlier. You mentioned approaching a conversation in a playful way. Andrew Huberman: Like, all right, this might even be life or death, but let's play this like a game, because you can see more opportunities. Now, we know that when we are relaxed, we see the big picture. When we're tense, everything narrows. Tunnel vision. Tunnel vision, tunnel thinking, tunnel everything. We lose access to the full toolkit. So you obviously take really good care of yourself. You're fit, you're in shape, you always seem calm. I'm sure you have your moments like anybody else. But what are some of the things that good negotiators do all the time? So that when the bell goes off and they have to respond, they are ready? And the reason I ask this is because we've been talking about negotiations in kind of a vacuum, like it's happening, and then how does one handle it? But like any athlete, like any teacher, like any parent, like any kid, everybody has to be ready for real-life circumstances. And we don't always get the warning. We don't get the memo that it's happening in two weeks. And sometimes the conversations around courtroom drama or the big day, it implies that we get the warning. But more often than not, it's a phone call or a text, and it comes in and boom, it just hits us. And suddenly we are in negotiations and we didn't get time to prepare, right? So maybe we could talk about readiness, and then we could talk about ... Again, maybe this sounds trivial to you, but for me, I'd be very curious to know whether or not you have any practices of stilling yourself, what those look like, what you've seen other people use to be able to get themselves into the moment of being able to show up their best self. Chris Voss: Yeah, well, readiness, small-stakes practice for high-stakes results. I will occasionally find myself in the middle of a negotiation that I didn't expect if I've been throwing out stuff on a regular basis on my way during the day. Verbal observations, what we refer to as labels, because the label seems like something just crossed your mind. Is a label in the middle of a negotiation, when I see you hesitate or look to the side, how do I get ready for that? I'm on my way over here to this interview. I'm both talking to my Lyft driver the whole way, getting him to talk. Also being careful about not tapping the gas tank out completely so that I'm fatigued when I get here. I talk up to Lyft drivers on a regular basis. The interactions, TSA guys in the airport, I'll throw a label at them. Seems like a tough day. Tough day. Seems like you're in a good mood, and whether right or wrong, I'm getting in. I'm trying to stay loose. I'm trying to keep the mental muscles limber, and it just becomes a bit of a habit on a regular basis. Occasionally, I'll throw something out. Now, I'm talking about Lyft drivers. If I'm in a bad mood ... I get into a Lyft a couple of weeks ago on my way home. Lyft driver is not helpful. I mean, I'm coming out of the airport. I'm struggling with my bags. Not lifting a finger; doesn't open up the rear. I got to open up the rear of the vehicle myself. I got to load the bags, everything. I get in, and he's just seething unhappiness. Now, I know that if I say, what do you love about what you do for a living? I immediately trigger what Tony Robbins would call a state change. And I'm annoyed at this guy. And our pheromones are combative, but I'm thinking, like, I just don't need this. And so I go, what do you love about driving for Lyft? This guy proceeds to unload on me, on all his personal struggles, that I feel like a complete jerk for being angry at him, at everything that he's going through. And I'm just trying to get myself out of a bad mood and to keep from sending him a really negative vibe the whole way so that he doesn't drive 45 miles an hour in a 65-miles-an-hour lane and make it inflict me with a longer and more expensive ride because I'm so annoying as a customer. But I've got a habit of small-stakes practice for high-stakes results. And who do I get a practice on? The Lyft drivers on a regular basis. The guy behind the counter at the hotel, the TSA guy. I'm going through TSA. The grocery store clerk, the Starbucks person. The only way I'm at my best in my negotiations is just trying to keep my negotiation muscles limber by interacting with people throughout the course of my day and then ideally leaving them better than I found them. Trying not to leave negative karma in my wake. Trying to leave as much positive karma in my wake as possible. Andrew Huberman: I love that. And I'm very familiar with the feeling of needing to conserve my voice for podcasting, or energy for things. And yet I'm somebody who's, I think, genuinely curious about what people's experiences are. So I like the question, how's your day going? It's pretty open-ended. I suppose if somebody was really upset, that would be perhaps the worst question I could possibly ask, from what you just described. Chris Voss: Well, and I'll put a fine point on it too, because I've manipulated them with, what do you love about ... because you watch them change in the moment to immediately to shift into this concept of love, which is more than like, what do you like about driving for Lyft? What do you love about driving for Lyft? I can trigger a state change in you instantaneously no matter what kind of mood you're in, because this guy was in a very bad mood. Plus additionally, the download from that typically is so quick. I'm going to get a real clear picture on who you are really fast. I'm talking to a CEO of a company a couple of months ago, for lack of a better term, they're delivering clean water to the world. And I'm like, that's a cool mission. Like I dig this as an entrepreneur, an entrepreneur wanting to make a dent in the universe. I dig that. Like I'm trying to make a difference in the world. So I say to him, what do you love about what you do for a living? He immediately fires back at me, I love leading teams. I love leading teams and I love giving shareholders a great return on their investment. It's really important for me to give shareholders a great return. And then, yeah, we deliver water. And then he said a fourth thing and I thought, this guy could be doing toilet paper. He doesn't care about the mission of the company at all. He's a great CEO, probably because you want a CEO to lead teams. You want a CEO deliver, a corporate CEO to deliver a return on investment for shareholders. But that's why he's a great corporate CEO and not a great entrepreneurial CEO. So by him giving me that download real quick, that was blatantly honest, like, do I think this is a great guy? Do our core values line up? My mission is more important to me than his mission or his mission is making money. Now, I like making money, but it's not number one, it's a strong number two. But that question, instead of how are you today? To what do you love about you? Immediately put them in a better place. Plus, you get some ridiculously candid answers that tells you who they are real fast. Andrew Huberman: What is the best way to approach our response to somebody who's asking to be heard? Perhaps they've got complaints, maybe about us, maybe about somebody else. People who are venting. Andrew Huberman: People seem to vary on the propensity-to-vent spectrum. Some people just, they vent all the time. This happened, that happened, and they want to complain. The way it's sometimes described is they love to take other people's inventories. They love to take inventories of everybody else's mistakes. They did this, they did that. It's a lot easier often than taking our own inventories of what we could be focused on and do better. That's a universal truth in my mind. But people approach other people that they trust and they want to vent, presumably to get over whatever it is that is bothering them. But all too often, it seems to just amplify the feelings of frustration. What do you do when somebody you care about and that cares about you comes to you to vent? Is it just you let them vent? Or do you try and let them negotiate with themselves a little bit in a way that could help them more than if you were to just let them vent? Chris Voss: I'm really leery of letting people vent because a lot of times it seems to be a spiral that just spirals out of control. So why is somebody venting? They don't feel heard. They feel ignored. They feel like they've been wasting their time talking. They're frustrated. That's the feedback I'm going to give you feedback on what I'm guessing is causing you to vent. In just an observation, it sounds like this is driving you crazy because nobody listens to you. Sounds like you've been struggling with this for a long time. Sounds like this is very frustrating for you. What's the emotion? The particular negative emotion, frustration, is about somebody being denied a goal in the future. Anger is about somebody's upset about something happened in the past. The type of negative emotion begins to focus you in on where they ... Is it forward thinking or is it backward thinking, and frustration and anger can be two very different versions of the same negative emotion, but they're focused on different points in time. So I'm going to try to intuitively, if I don't know from what you've told me, I'm going to start taking educated guesses on making an observation on what it is that's driving you? If you need to vent, you've been talking and people have been ignoring you, or you've been taking actions and people have been ignoring you, you need to vent because your communication or your actions have been ignored. There are some clues here, and the sooner that I get at the heart of what's bothering you, the sooner you're going to be able to let it off. So I'm going to encourage letting the steam off without trying to correct you, without giving you advice, without frustrating you, by not listening to you, by trying to recognize verbally what some of the motivators are, which will deactivate the anger much more quickly. It's the whole basis for a crisis hotline too begin with. People are venting, and so how do you most effectively vent somebody so that instead of going on a rant for an hour and the rant introduced toxins into their system where they're poisoning themselves. I think negative emotions put toxins in our system. How do I deactivate that as quickly so that you're not hurting yourself as much and you feel heard, you feel relieved, you feel listened to. If it involves me, if it's a close friend who's venting to you, you're involved in a situation to some degree, and I might even say, boy, it feels like you're probably frustrated because I haven't listened to you up to now, and I'm going to start taking some emotionally educated guesses on what I think is driving you, and I'm going to put it in the form of a label, which is just an observation. Seems like, sounds like, looks like, then if I get it wrong and you go, that's not it at all, I can say, well, that's just the way it seems. It just seems that way. It puts you in a position to just let somebody know that you see them and you're doing your best to understand. I'm not a fan of venting. If I go on a rant personally, I always feel worse. So I want to deactivate that negativity so I can get my feet back under me emotionally. Andrew Huberman: Very useful knowledge you just shared with us. Do you meditate? Chris Voss: Tiny little bits. I mean, I'm trying to make my day more effective. I have a gratitude exercise that I do almost every morning. Other ways to make myself effective, actually, I'm looking at the non-sleep deep rest practice because I like to make use of my time. I'm spiritual, so I'm talking to the Almighty on a regular basis. Andrew Huberman: You pray? Chris Voss: I do, yeah. Andrew Huberman: The morning and night when you need to? Chris Voss: Both. Yeah, both. I mean, I think whether or not you believe in one god or the universe or whatever it is, I think spirituality is an important component of health. Whatever your spirituality is, and you should recognize it, and you'll be better off if you engage in some sort of a spiritual practice. It doesn't have to be any of the three major religions, but spirituality is a component of who we are. So, yeah, I practice that on a regular basis. Andrew Huberman: So, sense of higher power or to better define higher power. It could be, as you said, aligned with conventional religion or just aligned with the idea that there are things outside of us that are important to pay attention to, that we can all do better by being in recognition of or service to, or both, something like that. Chris Voss: Pretty much like that. And then leaving it as open as possible, because I think there's a spiritual nature to us, period. What about your physical training? I must say, you're in excellent shape. I imagine that went along with the FBI thing. I mean, I saw "Silence of the Lambs," at the beginning, she's running around with other agents. Shooting targets and running and lifting and doing their sit-ups. And I think it was a 1980s film, so it's a little bit dated now, probably now they're doing other stuff as well, but nothing works like the basics. So was the FBI the first time you got serious about fitness or prior to that, were you an athlete and into fitness? And what are you doing nowadays to maintain your, frankly, impressive shape? Chris Voss: Well, thank you for the compliments. Sports, athletics, fitness was always a part of my life. I was into sports, but not particularly good at them. Football, basketball. I'm a last-century guy. So long before the conditioning is evolved as it is now, with interval training and the rest of this stuff, which is phenomenal. Weightlifting was introduced in my high school. My senior year, I lifted weights. Some continued through college. Little bit of time in the martial arts. Ripped my knee apart in college in the martial arts. But, yeah, fitness has always been a part of my life as much for liking to be in condition and the spiritual regeneration of it, whether I knew what it was or not. These days, I'm looking for every hack there is. I know you don't like the term hack. Well, we like mechanisms. Scientists like mechanisms. Andrew Huberman: Yes. Hack sort of implies that we're using one thing to accomplish something different. I like mechanisms, but at the end of the day, if people want to call something a hack because it gets them the result they want, or it's more appealing to apply the tool. That's what matters to me. Tools sitting in a box don't do anything. People are using them. Then I'm good with the term. So what these days, cold plunge, sauna. Principally, I'm struggling with issues with a couple of joints that I know science will eventually help me regenerate. So in the meantime, good diet. The basic pillars, diet, not a perfect diet, but by and large, overall, my diet is pretty good. And then the little things. Spiritual keeps me in shape physically. Hitting a cold plunge is challenging psychologically and physically. Andrew Huberman: And the state shifter, that's for sure. You don't need science to know that 30 seconds or a minute in that cold water is going to change your chemistry for a long while afterwards and for the better, I believe. Once you get out, people forget this. They're like, I hate the cold. The point is not how you feel while you're in it. You can feel proud of how you navigate that portion, but the point is how you feel afterwards. Chris Voss: The old saying, why do you hit yourself in the hand with a hammer? Because it feels so good when you stop. Andrew Huberman: I like that. Spoken like somebody who worked in New York City for a long time. Out here, we'd probably say something, know, it's like crystals and lava lamps or something, although there aren't many lava lamps anymore. I think that the idea that California is all hippie dippy, that's not true anymore. I think it's been overrun by a different ethos. In any event, thanks for sharing that, because I think that we can't separate the physical from the psychological, right? I mean, we've been talking about the mental and fatigue status of the people you're negotiating with oftentimes during this conversation. But then, of course, there's how you show up to the job. I mean, if you're run down three days and you've been in a fight with your spouse, and that's still in the back of your mind, and you're hungry, tired, sick, not connected to your higher power, all those things, there's no way you can be as effective at any job. So it's great to hear, and not surprising to hear that you have bedrock practices that you implement. Chris Voss: Yeah, it's an interesting point. Almost everybody I knew that was really good at anything they did for a living, they probably took pretty good care of themselves. Andrew Huberman: Yeah, I agree. The language around self-care, I think, gets really distorted. I'm going to editorialize for a second here, but I'm going to editorialize in line with what you just said. I think self-care sounds like navel-gazing, where people think that it's all about self, but it's actually taking care of oneself so that we can show up better for everybody else. More energy, more capacity, more staying power to have those heart conversations with the people we care about and that move our life forward. So it's really refilling the fuel tank in my mind, as opposed to the kind of egocentric, narcissistic stance that a lot of people take towards that. And I understand why they do. People scroll through Instagram and they see people selfie-ing every muscle and all this stuff, and listen, I'm not disparaging what people want to do, but at the end of the day, self-care is about being more ready to do better for the world if you're mission oriented. Chris Voss: Agreed. Completely agree. Andrew Huberman: Do you think there's been a change in the FBI over the last 30, 40 years? Around that? I have this image in my mind of agents, like, sitting in cars for 20 hours, eating hoagie sandwiches and looking through binoculars and running themselves into the ground with this kind of bulldog-like persistence to solve the puzzle. Put differently, I imagine there were some negotiations that were very long and fatiguing. Do you recall one of the longer negotiations that you had, and how do you sleep at night midway through a hostage crisis? Chris Voss: So the longest one that I was directly involved in on almost day-to-day, an hour-to-hour one, went about three-ish days. Washington, D.C., 2003. Started the Second Iraq War. Guy named Dwight Watson rolled the tractor into the middle of D.C. and claimed he had four bombs. And he left four bombs scattered around the city. Andrew Huberman: Had he actually done that or he was bluffing? Chris Voss: He was bluffing. He hadn't done either and started on Saint Patrick's Day. Andrew Huberman: Like the thing you said was, in the Philippines, it's like national holiday. Chris Voss: Yeah, holiday, right. Interesting for a whole bunch of reasons. Now I had to go home and go to sleep one night, and when we were in the middle of that, and then it was just. I don't remember having trouble going to sleep because I felt like I did a good job and that I handed the shift off to another hostage negotiator from the bureau, was effectively the team leader, Vince Dalfonzo. And Vince was a brilliant. So. And the team that he was with, everybody was in good hands. As a matter of fact, Vince almost kicked me out of the scene because I didn't want to go. And he just kept saying, go home, get some sleep, go home, get some sleep. And finally, the fifth time he said it to me, I went home. So I felt like I was leaving things in really good hands. And when working kidnappings, we expected them to go for long periods of time. And you just kind of got to. If you have faith in a process and you feel like that you're doing the best it can be done, then I think you could sleep at night. I guess to answer that question, you have to be careful whether you're working a case, a siege, or anything in the Bureau that you don't run yourself into the ground. And there was some cases I worked in the '90s where we knocked ourselves out. We worked hard on anybody we ever saw, but we occasionally, we took time off, too. I worked with guys that realized that sometimes you got to go out and have a beer, kick back and blow some steam. So I think everybody that I ever worked with were occasionally cautious enough to recharge the batteries. And then depending upon the nature of the challenge in front of you, it was a siege in St. Martin's Parish and went six days. I don't think those guys got a lot of sleep, but the nature of those sieges, that particular type of siege only lasts five or six days anyway. You just got to gut it out. Andrew Huberman: Were there ever instances where you're just trying to keep the person on the line so they can just raid? Chris Voss: I never had to do that personally. You had to be prepared to do that from the very beginning of any siege that you might have to orchestrate an assault of some sort. I was fortunate enough early on in my training. There's kind of a famous siege in, if you know hostage negotiation history, in London called the Prince's Gate Siege, where legendary British hostage negotiator David Veness had the bad guys on the phone while the SAS was hidden in the building. And I remember that we were showing like, look, there may come a time when you have to keep somebody on the phone when SWAT comes in. That goes with the territory. So expect that's a possibility from the very beginning. And it was a great siege. The bad guy, Salim, the photos of him after he was shot, the phone is within his reach. David kept him on the phone. I've heard the tapes. The breaching explosions were going on. And Salim says, I got to go. There's suspicious noises. And David Veness, in his classic British accent, said, Salim, there are no suspicious noises. Now let's get back to talking about how many people are going on the bus to the airport. Andrew Huberman: Bam. Chris Voss: And they went in, and I caught up with David a number of years later. I had a presidential intern from the White House interning with me in the Bureau. We're drinking in a bar with David Veness. I got a lot of stories where I'm drinking in a bar with somebody. And the intern walked around everybody and tapped David on the shoulder. And he says, Chris says you kept the terrorist on the phone up to the moment that SAS came in the door. And David says, yeah, and I'd have kept him on the phone even longer if the SAS hadn't come in so soon. So why am I telling that story? If you're going to get into that line of business, you got to accept all the things that go with it and realize that it's not you that made the decision, somebody else did. You got to implement the strategy. Andrew Huberman: Do you remember a case in Sacramento where I think it was a youth gang, took over like an electronic store? Chris Voss: Good Guys siege. Andrew Huberman: Yeah, I remember this when I was a kid. There are two things that stand out of my mind from when I was a kid. One was the-- Chris Voss: Good Guys was the name of the electronic store. Good Guys was the electronic store. And bad guys, so to speak, went in there, took them hostage. And I must have been a kid. This must have been, like, late. This was a late '80s or something like that. I remember that case. Chris Voss: It was about 1990. It was either '89 or '90. I knew one of the negotiators that was there. Andrew Huberman: I was 15, so I was born in '75. And as I recall, they ended up opening fire on a bunch of hostages who were laying down on the ground. Is that right? Chris Voss: They knew that they were getting ready to execute the hostages because they put bags over their heads. And that whenever the bad guys do anything to dehumanize a hostage, it's easier to shoot somebody with a bag over their head than it is not, because you can't see their face. And so the bad guys had begun that process and they knew they needed to assault. Andrew Huberman: God forbid anyone should ever be taken hostage. I realize circumstances differ, but you just mentioned putting bags over their heads. There's this notion of sheeple that people will describe post hoc after. Something about how somebody walks into a building, tells people to put zip ties on their own ankles or go into a back room — that nobody resists. And that, in retrospect, had somebody caused a commotion, they might have caused enough of a commotion to either run out or be let go. And yet, of course, there's a very logical part of everybody's brain, I would hope, that thinks, listen, this person is an aggressor. There's a gun in my face. Don't be an idiot. Right, because we also have heard of the case in New York City that I read about this in the newspaper. So presumably it's true, where someone was held up at gunpoint and one of the women in the group that was held up said, what are you going to do, shoot us? And the person shot them. So that happens, too. I don't know if there's a fair and safe answer to give people on this, but if you're told to do something by somebody and it's all happening in real time, I mean, you have to ask, do they want my money, my body, my life, or some combination of the three, in real time while under presumably significant duress. But for hostages, if they disobey, cause a commotion, is that extending their life or is it shortening their life? I guess it's very context dependent, right? Chris Voss: The only thing that I could, without knowing the context, anything you could do to humanize yourself and comply with what the bad guys want increases your chance of survival. So let's say you got ordered to go in a back room. You could look at the hostage taker and say, I'll do whatever you say. I'm Chris. Drop your name on them in a way so that you go from being a faceless person to somebody with a name, that increases the chances of your survival. Humanization, whatever you can do to comply, simultaneously become more of a human being because it's the opposite of what I was talking about before. If you're easier to kill, if you've been dehumanized, you're harder to kill. If you've been humanized, you're harder to harm. Like, maybe they're not going to kill you, they're just going to hurt you. They're less likely to harm you if they know your first name. How do you get them as a hostage negotiator? If they talk about a hostage, I'll say, you mean Sheila? Do you mean Rex? I'll find a way to drop the person's name into the conversation. So as soon as, if you can humanize, just by getting them to know your name, you increase the chances of survivability, you increase the chances of being treated better and comply. I'll do whatever you say, I'm Chris is going to start to move the odds in your favor. Andrew Huberman: You know that what you just described extends to science. I've talked before about my stance on animal research and why I choose to no longer do it. I do think it has its place in making important discoveries that cannot be made on humans, but that eventually extend to-- Chris Voss: But you don't want to do it. Andrew Huberman: I don't want to do it personally, I don't want to do it, and I don't want to do primate work or large carnivore work or small carnivore work. But the point I was going to make is that when you do primate work, they strongly discourage, near forbid you from giving them names. Andrew Huberman: They give them numbers. Andrew Huberman: So it all falls in line with what you were talking about, because the moment something has a name, it moves from being a research animal to a pet of sorts, and that makes it a relationship. Andrew Huberman: So interesting how a name turns something from. It elevates something to a relationship, however insignificant. It's up a notch and into our empathy circuitry. Andrew Huberman: Which is perhaps the appropriate segue to talk about empathy. This is a topic that you're spending a lot of time about. You mentioned "Tactical Empathy," documentary, by the way, when is that going to be out, or do we have some sense? Chris Voss: My guess is we'll finish jumping through all the hoops and probably have out at the beginning of next year. I'm currently working with William Morris Endeavor on a couple of different projects. They've been enormously supportive, and we've asked for their guidance on the best time to get the documentary out, and very happy with the people I'm dealing with there. And actually stroke, the universe was looking out for me. Funny set of circumstances, and just really enjoy with the people that I'm working with there. So probably first part of next year. Andrew Huberman: Fantastic. What's your take on empathy? I think of empathy in the pop culture sense of somebody's feeling pain and we feel their pain, but of course, empathy extends way beyond. And that was Rob Malenka. Andrew Huberman: My colleague at Stanford. I was really fascinated by the conversation that you had with him on that recently. And he said a lot of people use empathy a lot of different ways, sort of for their own meanings. So my take on empathy, tactical empathy, also to keep throwing names out, because people give me thoughts and I want to source them out. I'm very close to Steven Kotler's perspective on it, and Steven would say empathy is about the transmission of information. Compassion is the reaction to the transmission. And by the way, I'm a fan of Steven's work. I think he's quite astute. And boy, is he a hard worker. He writes like a beast. I think he's up at like four in the morning. He also has like 50 Chihuahuas or something crazy. Chris Voss: Well, he's away in the dogs. Andrew Huberman: Yeah, well, you can fit more Chihuahuas in a room than any other. Gotcha, Steven. Chris Voss: And that was when I was with the FBI. We started collaborating with Harvard because the Harvard definition was empathy was not liking the other side. It was just demonstrating an understanding of their perspective. Bob Mnookin's book "Beyond Winnings," chapter, the tension between empathy and assertiveness. He says empathy is not agreeing, disagreeing, or even liking the other side, which sort of falls into what Steven talked about. It's about the transmission of information. Now, empathy is a very compassionate thing to do, but it doesn't necessarily equate to compassion itself. If I make you feel heard by me saying to you what your perspective on something is, you're going to feel cared for, you're going to feel understood. It's going to land with you, really well. I don't necessarily have to feel compassion for you. I know it's a precursor to compassion. So I would separate it from sympathy, clearly. And I would even separate it from compassion, although I know it's a very compassionate thing to do. It's about ... tactical empathy is about me actively demonstrating verbally to you that I understand where you're coming from. Tactic from the experience of hostage negotiators, backed up by neuroscience, is that people largely react negatively. So the smarter move for me, instead of trying to reinforce a positive, is to first deactivate the negative by simply calling it out. Calling the elephant in a room out. Don't deny the elephant. Don't ignore the elephant. Call the elephant in the room out. Say, it's probably going to sound like I'm greedy. If I expect that you're going to think I'm overreaching. I'm not going to say I don't want you to think I'm greedy. I'm going to say it's probably going to seem greedy. So simply, well educated, emotional intelligence influence, gut instinct, influence on what the other side is thinking and feeling. If I can define it in that way, then it becomes an unlimited skill. If it requires me to have compassion for you when I don't, then that limits my ability to use empathy, and I'm not interested in having that ability to be limited, I want it to be an unlimited skill. So if you just define it strictly in terms of transmission of information, then it's not sympathy or compassion or liking or agreeing. It has a very powerful effect. It at least feels like compassion to the other side. It reacts with the emotional circuitry, the neurochemicals that everybody has, to some degree, if they're alive, even if they're on the spectrum, they have some of that going on inside. And of what I've read on even the mental illnesses in my last century training, I saw people who were paranoid schizophrenic as effectively be more of a wiring problem than a chemical problem for a layman's description. And a lot of what I've read said empathy is even effective with paranoid schizophrenics. People, regardless of how disarray the circuitry in their head is, it helps them on some level to feel understood. So empathy is just about letting somebody feel understood. Example, when I'm working terrorism, we had a lot of Arab Muslims testify in open civilian court against a legitimate Muslim cleric, who was also a criminal, who also committed crimes. And I would sit down with him, and I'd say to him right off the bat, because I know where they're coming from. You believe that there's been a succession of American governments for the last 200 years that have been anti-Islamic. And they'd look at me and they go like, yeah. I never said it was true. I never said I agreed. I never said I disagreed. By me simply articulating what their perspective on the interaction was, they were so startled by it. It was empathy. We were so good at that empathy. Frequently in that time frame, they would say, are you Muslim? And I'd say, no, I respect a religion, if you need to know, I'm a Christian, but I respect your religion, and I got no problem saying to you where you're coming from. That's empathy from my definition. And then it becomes an unlimited skill. I don't have to feel it. I don't have to necessarily want to do anything about it. Goldman says, there's cognitive empathy, me just recognizing where your emotions are coming from. There's emotional empathy, me feeling your emotions, and there's empathic concern, me wanting to do something about your distress. My version of tactical empathy probably brings those into play in sequence on a continuum of sorts, but none of them are precursors. It's just me showing to you that I understand where you're coming from, and it has a phenomenally favorable impact on the interaction. Andrew Huberman: Tell me about mirroring as a tool. Mirroring is one of the simplest, easiest, and most effective of the skill set. Takes the least amount of brain power. It's just repeating one to three-ish words of what somebody has just said, can be one. It should never, usually, be more than five. Hostage negotiators learn it by repeating the last one to three words that somebody has just said. It doesn't have to be the last one to three words. And the mirroring is not the body language mirror. It's not mimicking anybody physically, and it's not mimicking their tone of voice or their affect or anything about them. It's just repeating one to three-ish words. We found that accesses for whatever part of brain that you got to energize to do it. It's a different part of the brain than labeling. People are usually either really good at labeling. Like, I label, almost everybody on my team labels a lot. Sounds like this is bothering you. Seems like you're just not really sure where this is going. And the mirror, I got to consciously make it a point to mirror. And what's a mirror used for? It's in place of what did you mean by that? Or would you please go on? Or I don't understand. Could you repeat that again. I'll listen for stuff that either I don't understand or I need you to talk more about. And instead of saying, could you say some more about that? I'll just mirror the words. Now, for whatever reason, it connects the thoughts in your head. The way that lands is, I heard what you said, the words. I got the words because I just repeated them, and I still don't understand. So I need a more in-depth explanation without using the same words that you just used. Because if you say, I think isopraxicism is useless, and I might say, what do you mean by that? And you go, isopraxicism is useless. You repeat the same words, only louder. You figure that saying it louder will make it penetrate my cranium. That doesn't work. I need you to explain, to go into more depth, to expand using different words. And for whatever reason, we found as hostage negotiators and I find in business that if I mirror you, you'll expand and you'll connect. So I use it in that context. I might use it to get you to hear yourself out loud. Like, if what you just said doesn't make sense, I'll repeat it back word for word, one to three words, and I'll upward inflect. I'll say, that doesn't make sense. Use my tone. Make it land with my tone so you can hear yourself out loud. Somebody else just pointed out to me the other day that if you're talking to somebody and they're in midthought and their voice trails off because they sort of lost their train of thought, if you mirror them there, that helps them get their train of thought back and expand. So it's a ridiculously effective communication tool to get people to expand and feel heard. Its simplicity puts some people off. There are some people that say, yeah, it sounds stupid. I don't see what good that will do. I always notice if somebody really wants to know about mirroring, my description is they're both high IQ and high EQ. And why does that work? A high IQ guy is going to want to know something that's really simple. It doesn't take any effort to do, and that's what a mirror does. It's really effective, and it's almost no effort on your part at all. Andrew Huberman: Interesting. I must say that neuroscience has an unfortunate dearth of knowledge about how brains interact. This is starting to change. But most of what we know about how brains work is from putting people into functional magnetic resonance imaging machines, so-called MRI, exposing them to movies or games that they have to play, etc., and then looking at brain state activation. There are a few laboratories starting to look at how people interact in real time with both people in separate MRI machines that hopefully we'll be able to parse some of this. And I'm certain that somebody hearing this will use this knowledge to go do the experiment. If not, I'll run it up the flagpole to some highly qualified people at Stanford who could do this, because it'd be fun to see what's happening. But I have the sense that what's happening is that there is a real merge of cognition when one hears their own words spoken back to them, that you've now got two brains processing the same information, and that has to lead new places. So I don't have any insight as to what exactly is happening, but certainly that something is happening there, right? Evidenced by the real-world results that you're getting. We don't need experiments to tell us that, but it'd be interesting to see and learn a bit of what's happening. If there's a fusion, for instance, of a coactivation of emotional centers, coactivation of ... There's something about hearing our own voice that's very different than hearing other people's voices. Most people cringe when they hear their own voice on recording, right? Most, not all. Some people are in love with their own voice. We know these people, but we know that our auditory system cancels out the hearing of our own voice. Did you know that? As we're talking now, our auditory system is suppressing our own voice? We don't really hear ourselves speak the same way that when you speak, I hear you speak. So it's an active neurochemical inhibition of the response. And it's amazing, too, because as we grow up, our voice changes, puberty and so forth, and other ways, too, that the vocal cords change in thickness, etc., and our voice changes. But we always know self from other in terms of voice, and we cancel out our actual auditory perception of our own. Chris Voss: That's fascinating. Andrew Huberman: And breathing and heartbeat. We shut down our response to self actively within the brain. Andrew Huberman: So maybe hearing back some of what we just said allows us to actually hear what we just said. Chris Voss: Yeah, well, true. And that's why people, sometimes all somebody needs is a sounding board so somebody else can hear. They can hear themselves out and get it repeated back to them, and then they go like, wait a minute. Did I just say that? Interesting. Chris Voss: Useful. Andrew Huberman: Indeed. Proactive listening. Tell us about proactive listening. We're all told that we need to be better listeners. The other day, someone said, we got two ears and one mouth. As if that's supposed to remind us. Most people have two ears and one mouth. But I get the point. They were saying, hey, there's value in listening. And more often than not, we default to broadcast, but no reception, or mostly broadcast, less reception. Hence the call for nasal breathing. It's useful in a lot of circumstances because it keeps our mouth shut. What is proactive listening? How do we do it? What's it good for? Chris Voss: I'm really trying to get people out of the notion of active listening, just because active listening has been so overused that people have lost track of it, and most of it is taught poorly, and it's interactive or it's proactive. And so we learned as hostage negotiators, first of all, just to label the presenting emotion. And we just assumed that. And the presenting emotion was always anger of some form, anger, upset. On certain rare instances, the guy was under control, but they were almost always negative emotions. So we just assumed that it was defined to what was confined to. What was driving hostage takers was negativity. Now, if I may, because I feel like an imposter talking about neuroscience to you. Andrew Huberman: Your knowledge of neuroscience is spot on, Voss. I must say, numerous times you've asked me about things in neuroscience, and you've never been off the mark. You've clearly done your homework, too. Chris Voss: We keep trying to learn about it, but layman's terminology, the survival brain, is largely negative. Ballpark, I would say 75% negative. Your reactions are going to be negative. So, number one, I believe that's principally backed up by the experiments of neuroscience efMRIs have alluded to. And so then in hostage negotiation, we were taught to basically label the presenting emotion. And then I've seen experimentation or reporting of experiments. I think the first time I read about it was in a book called "The Upward Spiral," and that book is a good 10 years old, I think, which means the neuroscience is evolving, but primarily the experiment there that I remember reading about and read about in other places, that if people were undergoing a negative emotion, in my layman's paraphrase of the experiment is, they're shown a picture that induced a negative emotion in their head. And then he asked people to simply call out what the emotion was, and when they self-labeled, then the emotion diminished. Now, the degree of diminishment varies, but the percentage of time that it diminishes by simply, by calling it out is just darn near all the time. So if we're largely 75% negative and we can deactivate the negativity by calling it out, well, let's be proactive. If you're a human being and we're engaged in a negotiation, there's going to be certain very predictable negativity that's going to be there, and I should be proactive in calling it out. Anticipating the negativity is going to be there based on a circumstance, is highly predictable. And your gut instinct before that, you were referring to when you want to say, look, I don't want you to think I'm being greedy. Your gut's telling you it's highly predictable. You're going to come off as greedy. So let me be proactive and say it's probably going to seem like I'm being greedy, and that's the dialing over to what is eminently predictable in the interaction, and just being proactive to deactivate the negative emotions that either are taking place or what our experience has found. And I haven't seen any science that has yet that has had the opportunity to back this up. It inoculates, I can create a barrier. If I call out a negative that's not there, it doesn't plant it, it actually inoculates you from it. And I've done this in practice. I was given a lecture a couple of years ago. Anybody asks a question, I try to find the value in the question, no matter how bad the question is. This poor guy asked me a question that I just cannot find a single component in his question that demonstrates that he was listening or paying attention. There was nothing about it that I could congratulate him on. And so I said, this is going to sound harsh, because I know the answer I'm getting ready to give him is going to make it sound like to the group that I think he's stupid. I can't think of a way to respond to this without saying effectively, like, what are you thinking about? That's got nothing to do what we're talking about. So I go, this is going to sound harsh. And I answer the question. And he just kind of goes, okay. And I start answering somebody else question. And he goes, that wasn't harsh. Now, if I hadn't said, this is going to sound harsh, and answered the question, I guarantee you my answer would have embarrassed him. And embarrassment is one of the worst negative emotions you can inflict on anybody, and he would hate me to this day for embarrassing him. So I got a moment coming at me that is predictably negative, and I can let that train run me down, or I can call that out in advance and get a reaction where the guy says, that wasn't that bad. And that's what being proactive about the emotions is about. And I'm recalling an instance during graduate school where my graduate advisor, who sadly has passed away, but was a phenomenal scientist, I mean, just so pure, insisted on getting the answers, could emotionally detach from the answers. She just was a ninja. She used to come into the laboratory when we were working on a paper, and she'd sit down and she'd say, you're going to hate me for what I'm about to ask you to do. And I'd think, oh, no, I'm going to have to redo all the analysis or some monumental thing. And then she'd say, you got to change the font in figure 2. My god. What do you mean, I want to hate you? It was released, but I wanted nothing more than to make her happy with my work because I respected the standard that she held so greatly. She could have asked me to stand on my head and do the experiments 50 times. I probably would have done it if I thought they would make the project better. And as a consequence, she would have been pleased because she was the standard for me and in many ways still is. But I'm wondering if she read your book because she used to presage these requests with, like, you're going to hate me. And then she'd ask me for something. I'm like, oh, I hate you. That's nothing. But now I wonder if I would have been taken aback if she had just said, hey, by the way, figure 2 needs redoing. I might have been kind of bristled by that. So maybe she read your book. Chris, these are great tools, mirroring and proactive listening. And thank you for sharing these. Chris Voss: Of course. Andrew Huberman: Did you ever employ the family members of kidnappers, friends of kidnappers, as a means to kind of tap into a different aspect of their psyche? Because I think that we are all, as human beings, very context driven. So I can imagine that the person who kidnaps somebody or who's trying to steal somebody's resources is in a particular groove of person. And I do think there are people in the world who are just evil. But I also know, because I've read about it and I trust the sources, that there are people who have done horrendous things, who love their dog and genuinely love their dog and wouldn't harm an animal. But I'm not trying to give these people a pass. But I could imagine that those other facets to somebody represent really good entry points for allowing them to see the kind of incongruence in their behavior. Or is it the case that when these are high-stress situations that you have to attack the, disarm the aggressor, and you're just focusing on the person as the bad actor, not considering the other contexts of their lives. Chris Voss: All right, so let's draw a distinction between hostage takers in a contained situation and kidnappers uncontained, unknown location. So you're probably asking about somebody in a contained situation, bad guys in a bank, Dwight Watson in his tractor in Washington, D.C. So very counterintuitively, if they're in a contained situation, there's a saying out there that says the system that you're employing is perfectly designed to give you the outcome that you have. So bad guy Dwight Watson is on his tractor in D.C. The family's part of the system that put him there. The blunt, harsh reality of that is now, at that siege that went on long enough and it was so high profile, some of his family members showed up. Now we could and did try to use them. I'm walking from one place to another, from the negotiation operation cell component on the way to command post. Hostage negotiator stops me, a couple of people with them, it's Watson's family, and they see I'm in a hurry and that I'm not interested in being stopped. And they got to say to me something to stop me and get my attention, and they go, look, our brother's just hurting in his heart. He's just hurting. Things have gone bad for our whole family, and he's just hurting his heart. Don't kill him over that. And I looked at the negotiator and I said, get that on tape and we'll play that for him. Because if we can get that on tape exactly the way they said it, that'll land. But if we put them on a phone with them, they're going to try to reason with them and they're going to say stuff to him that didn't help, which they don't very well intentioned, but it's going to be counterintuitive and it's probably going to make it worse. So you have to understand, family can be extremely important if you can get them to say exactly the right thing. And it's probably going to need to be highly orchestrated because you know how it's going to land. And unfortunately, if you get them in a direct conversation, it'll probably renew an old wound. Family members have hurt each other in ways that they have no idea even happened. And so a family member, my son to this day, remembers when I told him Santa Claus wasn't real. And I have no. I have no memory of that conversation. I'm sorry I blew it for you. Andrew Huberman: Wait, we got. Oh, my goodness. Chris Voss: But family members have hurt each other over the years that they have no idea which comes up in these live conversations. And you don't even know what wounds are there that you caused. And so in a contained situation, a family member can be extremely helpful, but it's a surgical shot that you have to be really careful with. Otherwise it can go the other way because the wounds and people don't even know are there. Andrew Huberman: Gosh, that's such a psychologically astute way of viewing it, because I'm a big fan of the so-called family systems model of psychology. I mean, you can't look at any human being's psychology, positive, meaning adaptive or maladaptive psychology, and not look at the family system at which that evolved. Which is not to say that some perfectly healthy families occasionally don't have issues with a child having mental illness. That happens. But I'm told that 99.9% of the time, you can identify a family system, organization or a lineage, a genetic tie, etc. that makes things start to make sense when somebody's really struggling. And as you pointed out, sadly, oftentimes that involves pains of past. Wow. Well, thanks for sharing that because I think that in my mind, the movie version of it, know, they bring the mother in and it's like, Billy, don't do it. As you said, that might be the time when Billy's really going to let his mother know. Childhood sucked for Billy. And that's not what you want. Andrew Huberman: Goodness, what a complex job. What a complex, high-stakes, high-consequence job. What did you do to unload some of the heaviness? I'm not just talking about getting a good night's sleep or having a beer with your coworkers afterward, although those things serve important roles for people, I realize. Do you think we can dump the hard stuff in our head and our hearts in a way that allows us to be functional? Because people in your line of work, and I think just anyone in the world, you live long enough, you're going to experience loss. You're going to get kicked in the gut. Andrew Huberman: And you're going to see people you care about get kicked in the gut. There's so much beauty to life as well, but that's the reality. Do you have tools, processes that you use to kind of dump the baggage so that you can lean into your relationships and your relationship to yourself with restored sense of optimism? I think most of the people that I've always worked around, we've been very reinforcing of one another comedically,, emotionally, friendship-wise. Being able to laugh with each other, taking it easy on each other, getting people laughter and genuine understanding without somebody trying to tell you that you did wrong. I've been lucky enough to either find myself in those groups most of the time, or we just evolved it. That's just the way that we were. We were attracted to one another emotionally, psychologically because of that. That's probably it, mostly. I mean, I've tried to parse some of these emotions out recently. Like, I'm not particularly proud of anything I've ever done, but I always felt like it was a privilege. Like, you must be proud of your accomplishments. I don't know that it's pride, but there's other satisfaction that I get out of it. And so thinking about what drives me also, now that I'm running a company and I got people, also entrepreneurs that are trying to do the best for their employees, what do we encourage in one another so that whatever we're doing, people feel good about it? And I try to take a lot of that from what I learned as an FBI agent and a hostage negotiator and the people that I was around. And we did joke with each other a lot and we did play tricks on each other. Good-natured humor. Avoid the people that are running you down, but be able to take some good-natured ribbing every now and then. And I think humor is one way or another, combined with hard work and an appreciation for what you're doing has probably been most of the mental health along the way. Occasional bourbon. Andrew Huberman: Love it. We did a whole episode on alcohol, and so people are going to hear me say, love it, and think, oh, wait, here. I'm supporting ... Listen, the data say as long as. You're not an alcoholic, as long as you are of age, probably two drinks a week or less is safe. Make them good, high-quality drinks if you're going to have them, consume them in the right context, or don't consume them at all. But that's why I said love it. I support your love of bourbon. I'm not a bourbon drinker, but tell me a little bit more about what you're up to lately. You alluded to it a moment ago that you're running teams that are doing a lot, so you're in charge of a lot of people now, helping people, help people, providing a lot of service in the world through a lot of different channels. First of all, I want to say that your book Never Split the Difference. One of my favorite books. Chris Voss: Thank you. Andrew Huberman: I don't say that lightly. I don't endorse books very often, but the books I do endorse, I love, love, love. I also have to say that it's a toss up between your book "Never Split the Difference," and "The Body Keeps the Score" for the award for best titles of any book. Those are just like amazing titles. Amazing titles. Chris Voss: Tahl Raz, our cowriter, came up with a title. Andrew Huberman: Yeah, it's a phenomenal title, that, and "The Body Keeps the Score" because there's so much contained in the title and then the book exceeds expectations. So really amazing book. People should listen to it, read it if they haven't already. But you're doing a lot more right now than just writing. Although I want to hear about your other book projects as well. But before you list off the number of things that you're doing, tell me first about Fireside, because this sounds like a really interesting endeavor that frankly, I haven't heard of before. What's Fireside? Chris Voss: Brand new social media platform. It's essentially an interactive podcast. It's a subscription service founded by Falon Fatemi and Mark Cuban. Falon and I have been friends for a number of years. She was Google's youngest employee. She's an entrepreneur, dynamic, smart, hard-charging person. And it's sort of grew out of what's inadequate in some of the social media apps that are out there trying to combine the best ideas of a few different things. And Falon suggested it to me and I thought I'll jump in because she's a visionary. And what it's turned out to be is it's effectively weekly interactive group coaching. And you get the app off your iPhone or your Android, whatever platform your phone is on, and then you log in, we do an hour once a week and you're getting group coaching and then you get to ask questions and it's got a video component to it. So if you want to ask a question, we're going to bring you up on, quote, stage. And I get to see you and talk directly to you. And you get to see me and talk directly to me. Or I interviewed Mark Cuban a couple of weeks ago and people got to come on and ask Mark questions or ask me questions. And what it has turned out to be is it's one of sort of the next level of how to get better at negotiations. After you've read the book and probably taken the master class, where do you go next? One of the people that came on the podcast the other day, the Fireside episode, they said, well, I don't have enough money yet to go to your in-person training events because those are expensive and this is how I'm going to get better in a meantime and work my way in that direction. And so the monthly coaching, if you were to sign up for group coaching from us on a regular basis, on a monthly basis, it would probably easily cost you for what we're providing 25, 30 thousand a month, and this is a thousand a year. So at scale, it's an opportunity to interact directly with me and the members on my team once a week and get group coaching. And it's just kind of fun. We're getting a kick out of it and people that really care about interacting well with people. Guy comes on the first episode I did and he said, besides the fact that you helped me make a lot more money, you helped me save my marriage. And he just needed to know how to talk more genuinely and honestly with his wife in a way that made her felt heard, and he didn't really have a good way to do that beforehand. And I was just like, that's a lot. I don't know how to respond to that other than just be grateful that people can say stuff like that to us. So the Fireside thing is kind of cool. We're still experimenting with it. It's an interactive podcast, group coaching. It's fun. Andrew Huberman: Great. I mean, I would say changing lives there. I mean, the saving a marriage is no small deal. And I think that the ability to communicate directly with people also, I imagine, gives them the opportunity to implement the tools that you're providing in real time. It's one thing to hear about something and try it, but then you can get feedback in real time. Are you on these Fireside chats directly or members of your team? Chris Voss: No, we do one every week, and I'm once a month. And the other thing, too. Like, I can explain something one way, and if for whatever reason, it doesn't land in your context, you can't quite get it. So that's what we found about the interactive nature of it. Somebody comes on and asks a question in their context, and then I'll answer it, and then they'll go like, oh, okay, all right, that helped. So you get to hear people like you who are struggling with it the way you are, but I haven't put it in your context yet. And that's the other thing that's great about a Q and A. A live Q and A. Andrew Huberman: We had a guest on here who told me that there are amazing data supporting the fact that people follow the medical and health advice of doctors that they can relate to far more than they follow the medical and health advice of physicians that they feel aren't like them. And oftentimes this can include the physician or healthcare provider being someone that they would aspire to be like. But oftentimes it's just some common rapport. Like, they both like baseball, or they both like to cook or to garden, and that sets a bridge where then the patient is willing to do all these things that ordinarily they would be resistant to. Andrew Huberman: And there are really good data to support this. And that really stuck with me because it says that it's not just about the information or the delivery route of the information, that the context and the rapport is even along something as like, oh, by the way, I'm not a major sports fan on most things, but like, oh, you're a Bills fan or something, like me too. Like, that can be the difference between somebody doing all the things to lower their blood pressure, the day-in changing their diet, all those things versus not making the changes at all. Chris Voss: Rapport is a magic. Yeah, it's kind of a magic component that changes everything. Andrew Huberman: Well, Fireside sounds like a great opportunity for people to not just ask questions, but to build rapport with you and members of your team. So I'm going to check it out. Lord knows I need help improving my communications in certain domains of life. Believe me, I get the memos. Fact, what other writing projects are you involved in, if any? Chris Voss: We've been toying with this companion operations manual for tactical empathy, which getting it right is important. So it's sort of a companion book to "Never Split the Difference." That's probably at least a year and a half out from being done. So in the meantime, we do a lot of online training. We got a newsletter we put out weekly for people to get our latest cutting-edge application. Thoughts as much as possible. We're putting information out that we charge for a lot, and we put out a lot of free, you know. I'm throwing out ideas on Instagram, but we're constantly trying to put information out there so that people can collaborate better. So specific. We just finished a book for residential real estate agents. A friend of mine, Steve Scholl, we put that out last November. That's sort of niched, but it's mostly the Black Swan method for real estate agents because every conversation they're in is a difficult, emotional conversation. Sale of a house is one of the most stressful moments of anybody's life, selling or buying, so we just put that out. In the meantime, we're spreading the gospel as much as possible. Andrew Huberman: We'll certainly point out the various places people can find you and the different venues for learning more. I want to say that numerous times throughout today's conversation, you threw out the words "sounds like" as an opener, and I have to say I have this kind of crazy idea in the back of my mind. I believe that simple, field-tested tools are immensely powerful, not just for resolving negotiations, but really for changing the way that people interact with each other and themselves. And if I have one wish for the world on the basis of our conversation, how amazing would it be if kids learned early on to talk to one another from that sounds like perspective, because I think that would naturally orient them toward listening, or at least offering a hypothesis of what they heard and how poorly they might be listening, and then getting a defensive stance response that informs them about the accuracy or lack of accuracy. And on and on. I feel like the sounds like question, sounds like you feel blank or sounds like you believe blank. Just seems to me like one of the most potent tools in the universe. And I sure wish that all adults would implement it, but that kids would learn about it, too. Chris Voss: Yeah, that's a great thought. How do we teach them at a younger age that listening is actually an effective thing to do? It's actually a way to think things through also. So, yeah, I agree. I mean, wave magic wand, right? Andrew Huberman: Exactly. Well, Chris, I want to thank you so much for your time. Mean, you've joined us on this tour of so many different facets of your work, prior and present, and you let us get a little glimpse into the portal of your future work, too, which I'm eagerly awaiting. I also just want to thank you for everything that you do. You've always struck me as such a giver of knowledge, and you can't put a value on that. You're constantly putting knowledge into the world on Instagram, your book, Fireside, and courses and on and on, gleaned from your experience in very intense circumstances. But really with an eye toward people getting the most out of that for their daily lives, which hopefully don't involve hostage negotiations unless they're a hostage negotiator. So I just want to say thank you ever so much for what you do and for being such a phenomenal communicator. And also thank you for doing into that late-night FM DJ voice. Chris Voss: Yeah, I wanted to be here sitting with you, being interviewed on your podcast since I first discovered it. Chris Voss: Several years ago, and it's a privilege to be here. And I love what you're doing in getting actionable, usable tools into the world so people can navigate more effectively. Right back at you. Come back again. Chris Voss: All right, thanks. Andrew Huberman: Thank you for joining me for today's discussion with Chris Voss. I hope you found it to be as interesting and as actionable as I did. To find links to Chris's website and to his excellent book "Never Split the Difference," as well as to his social media handles, please see the links in the show note captions. If you're learning from and or enjoying this podcast, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific, zero-cost way to support us. In addition, please subscribe to the podcast on both Spotify and Apple. And on both Spotify and Apple, you can leave us up to a five-star review. If you have questions for me or comments about the podcast or topics or guests that you'd like me to cover on the Huberman Lab podcast, please put those in the comments section on YouTube. I do read all the comments. In addition, please check out the sponsors mentioned at the beginning and throughout today's episode. That's the best way to support this podcast. Not on today's episode, but on many previous episodes of the Huberman Lab podcast, we discuss supplements. While supplements aren't necessary for everybody, many people derive tremendous benefit from them for things like improving sleep, for hormone support, and for focus. The Huberman Lab podcast has partnered with Momentous supplements, and we did that for several reasons. First of all, their ingredients are of the very highest quality. Second of all, they tend to focus on single ingredient formulations, which make it easy to develop the most cost-effective and biologically effective supplement regimen for you. And third, Momentous supplements ship internationally, which we realize is important because many of you reside outside of the United States. To see the supplements discussed on the Huberman Lab podcast, go to livemomentous, spelled O-U-S. So it's livemomentous.com/huberman. If you're not already following me on social media, you can do so by going to Huberman Lab on all social media platforms. So that's Instagram, Twitter, now called X, LinkedIn, Facebook and Threads. On all of those platforms I cover science and science-related tools, some of which overlaps with the content of the Huberman Lab podcast, but much of which is distinct from the content covered on the Huberman Lab podcast. Again, that's Huberman Lab on all social media platforms. If you haven't already subscribed to our Neural Network newsletter, the Neural Network Newsletter is a zero-cost monthly newsletter that includes podcast summaries as well as toolkits. So toolkits for sleep, toolkits for learning and plasticity, toolkits related to dopamine regulation, and much more. Again, it's all zero cost. You simply go to hubermanlab.com, go to the menu tab, scroll down to newsletter, and simply enter your email and we do not share your email with anybody. Thank you once again for joining for today's discussion with Chris Voss. And and last, but certainly not least, thank you for your interest in science. [CLOSING THEME MUSIC]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Innerdialogueofficial [1 likes]: Insane POV from Chris Voss. NGL, the techniques like mirroring (just repeating 3 words??) sound almost too simple to work on high-stakes deals. But tbh, the 'how & what' question advice is genius for shutting down aggressive actors. The whole 'ego depletion' angle is fascinating. Definitely gotta start using 'Sounds like...' more. W for actionable comms skills. Every convo is a negotiation, IMO. FTW!
  2. @christophercoon1253 [1 likes]: Bro, ask the question in 10 words or less. Broadcaster here. You asked and answered and asked your question multiple times. KISS Method
  3. @nouralkhafagi4301: Guys help me out what’s the term he used about Ego … something in the lines when you burn out the conversation with questions  he referred to it as Ego!??… lol forget the term I was really impressed with this interview.
  4. @RoxyMayoAndPookie: This should be a course/class required for graduation.
  5. @kudamazh: spent 4 hours listening to this
  6. @stanmatlock4042: The Waco massacre was NOT David setting compound on fire.   ATF filled the place with highly combustible CS-gas.   Yet still the government and its apologists avoid accountability, by blaming the victims.  Scandalous
  7. @YuliaGrushevskaya-bi6he: 😃passionate subject, sound frequency and the brain response..
  8. @Ayce7986: 1:26:53
  9. @annawilson3824: 21:05
  10. @yanaempowers: i absolutely love chris voss (and you Huberman!) thank you for bringing two of my favorite worlds together ❤
  11. @derekselfmastery: Solid work, I like it
  12. @Alexandre_Goueslain: Sounds like you want me to learn something - and you succeed with this amazing content! Thanks for sharing!
  13. @antonioerazo2467: 28:38
  14. @NgocTai-b4o: Ngl, this convo is gold! Thx for all the insane, high-stakes wisdom. I loved the point about "win-win" being a red flag [21:06], it's honestly kinda mind-blowing. But, ik the FBI stuff is crisis-level, so does all the tactical empathy & constant strategy actually build real, deep, long-term trust in like, marriage or genuine work partnerships? Tbh, sometimes I wonder if relying on so much strategy means u skip the part where u just let the chips fall, which could build something way more authentic. Are we always 'negotiating,' even when we think we're not? That's the real question, imo.
  15. @702Pros: I though he would sound like Michael Kramer, for some reason, that threw me off! lol
  16. @zzzbhdshjer: 42:44
  17. @nitishtakale2450: @hubermanlab hey Andrew make video on how to make deeper voice and it's anatomy also how it depend on your mental health and stress with science based tools to develop deeper voice
  18. @Deekshithavlogs14: I am in my 20's I feel so lethargic finding this video , where I need to focus on my way to get out of the circle to build my own thank Andrew to make this video I learnt many things to get negotiation done
  19. @lajoiedevivre2: question: how to deal with harcellement? Does labelling and mirroring actually work or does it just invite violence? I wonder if one can diffuse anger of a psychopath that is pointed at oneself through that.
  20. @lajoiedevivre2: Repair after heavy stuff exists and it involves a willingness to relabel the events and reconnect with your intention at that time in a positive way,  basically nurturing that positive intention for the future. It is long to explain, resembles what Core Transformation does... It is like finding meaning in the suffering to carry over to the future and do good . Even though it is not only or not exactly that. Basically, the energy that was left into the event, the impulse is unstuck and free to flow and enrich the personal drive to live.

- How to think about building effective ads for YouTube: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there, and welcome to our How to&nbsp; Think About video series. I’m Nacia,&nbsp;&nbsp; and today we’ll be covering how to think about&nbsp; building high-performing ads on YouTube. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s get started. The key to building great ads boils&nbsp; down to creative storytelling.&nbsp;&nbsp; But telling stories on YouTube is a&nbsp; little different than a typical TV spot.&nbsp;&nbsp; So we’ll be speaking with Pei Ling Ho, global&nbsp; creative director for Google Creative Works,&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand those differences, like story&nbsp; structure, framing, pacing, type size,&nbsp;&nbsp; and contrast. We asked Pei how she thinks about&nbsp; crafting great stories for YouTube ads. Pei. Hi, I’m Pei Ling. I’m the global&nbsp; creative director of Creative Works. Digital video is becoming a key part of our&nbsp; consumers’ lives, not just for entertainment,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also as a source of information for&nbsp; purchases. Now, over 90% of people are&nbsp;&nbsp; discovering new brands and products on YouTube,&nbsp; and 40% have purchased these brands and products.&nbsp;&nbsp; So online video, therefore, allows you to reach&nbsp; the people that you can’t easily reach on TV alone&nbsp;&nbsp; and target specific audiences&nbsp; or behaviors or intentions,&nbsp;&nbsp; which means higher return on investment when you&nbsp; integrate online video into your marketing mix. When you break down how the traditional&nbsp; TV spot unfolds, it looks like a hill.&nbsp;&nbsp; It tends to start really slow, takes time to&nbsp; build, gets the climax somewhere in the middle,&nbsp;&nbsp; and only reveals the offer of the brand right&nbsp; at the end. Now that works if you are passively&nbsp;&nbsp; watching in the living room, because you’re&nbsp; just waiting for your show to come back. But imagine what happens if you&nbsp; transport this onto digital.&nbsp;&nbsp; Before you get to the most interesting part of&nbsp; the story, before you can actually communicate&nbsp;&nbsp; what your offer is like, you would have lost a&nbsp; significant percentage of your audience after&nbsp;&nbsp; five seconds. So if you want to build effective&nbsp; ads for YouTube, you need to tell your story&nbsp;&nbsp; in a way that earns your audience’s attention&nbsp; from the first second. And it’s not the hill. What consumers are responding&nbsp; best to are stories that are told&nbsp;&nbsp; in an emerging heartbeat arc, which instead&nbsp; of starting low, it actually starts high,&nbsp;&nbsp; for a great hook to grab attention and&nbsp; keep people engaged. And along the way,&nbsp;&nbsp; the ad inserts subtle branding and product&nbsp; cues throughout, so your message isn’t lost. The heartbeat arc is also exciting because you&nbsp; can now build your ad in the way that keeps people&nbsp;&nbsp; guessing and therefore tuned in. Introducing&nbsp; unexpected shifts in the story or the tone&nbsp;&nbsp; creates multiple peaks of excitement that bring&nbsp; people back from the brink of boredom and back&nbsp;&nbsp; into your story. And because your audience&nbsp; doesn’t know what’s going to come next,&nbsp;&nbsp; they will keep hanging around to find out more. There are so many ways to drive a good hook. To&nbsp; me, a great hook is like serving dessert first —&nbsp;&nbsp; that bit of pleasure that everyone looks forward&nbsp; to always. So, one: Front load your ad with the&nbsp;&nbsp; most exciting, impactful, dynamic scenes to grab&nbsp; the eye and lead the story. Two: Use unexpected&nbsp;&nbsp; imagery that your audience has never seen before&nbsp; — not for your brand, not for your category. Three: Break the fourth wall. Acknowledge your&nbsp; audience and address them directly. Make them&nbsp;&nbsp; feel like the story involves them. Four: Give&nbsp; them a simple puzzle to solve — not too complex&nbsp;&nbsp; enough to trick them — or make them care, so they&nbsp; have to tune in to find out what the answer is. Five: Don’t be afraid to explore deep emotions.&nbsp; Humor, nostalgia, even embarrassment can make&nbsp;&nbsp; someone stay and stay with your story because&nbsp; they’re drawn into something that feels real. It’s not just the story structures that have&nbsp; changed when we build ads for YouTube. Evolving&nbsp;&nbsp; the visual language in your ads for mobile can&nbsp; boost your ads’ impact. It’s as simple as framing&nbsp;&nbsp; your shots much tighter, so you’re focusing&nbsp; and directing attention to the right places and&nbsp;&nbsp; moments; increasing the pace of the film to make&nbsp; full use of the time that you have to communicate;&nbsp;&nbsp; using large type supers so people can actually&nbsp; read and understand what you’re trying to convey. Also, people are usually watching at around&nbsp; 50% dimness, so ensure that there’s enough&nbsp;&nbsp; brightness and contrast between the colors&nbsp; of your ads so they’re easily seen on screen. Fostering a culture of creative experimentation&nbsp; can only help us get better at making ads that&nbsp;&nbsp; consumers want to watch. Testing is valuable,&nbsp; not just because it’s quick and cost-effective.&nbsp;&nbsp; It lets you understand what makes your audiences&nbsp; tick. Advertisers can actually see how their ads&nbsp;&nbsp; are performing when they go live on YouTube&nbsp; — and find opportunities to make the same ad&nbsp;&nbsp; even better, just using small improvements from&nbsp; the data they’re seeing for incremental gains. So at Google, we see ads as always in beta.&nbsp; And that’s an awesome philosophy to create by,&nbsp;&nbsp; because it gives us the liberty&nbsp; to continuously optimize toward&nbsp;&nbsp; higher-performing creative that&nbsp; drives your marketing objectives. That’s how we at Google think&nbsp; about making better ads on YouTube.&nbsp;&nbsp; Thank you for spending time&nbsp; with me. Back to you, Nacia. That was super helpful, Pei. Thank you. So as you look to smarten up your ad campaigns,&nbsp;&nbsp; remember the differences between traditional TV&nbsp; spots and building for YouTube. With YouTube,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s important to hook your audience from the&nbsp; start and rethink your visual language to fit&nbsp;&nbsp; the digital format. And as always, don’t forget&nbsp; about testing. It can only help you improve. Please stay tuned for more expert insights in our&nbsp; How to Think About series. Happy storytelling.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Coldsnap11 [4 likes]: Like this video but I feel that there are no live examples in this video and in the series which would help make things even clear.
  2. @PacificNorthwestBowhunting [4 likes]: Really great points. Emotion is where it's at, and people have to connect quickly and visualize themselves participating, whether it be an activity, service, or experiential through a product/lifestyle purchase. Great installment today - thank you!
  3. @sarantvgo7057 [3 likes]: WOw
  4. @giegiesuello201 [1 likes]: 43
  5. @HAKEEM-92 [1 likes]: Very amazing
  6. @spiritdice [1 likes]: Great tips thanks 🙏
  7. @spiritdice [1 likes]: Creative story telling
  8. @sheikchy5752 [1 likes]: Yes to success thank you all
  9. @ALTMediaStudios [1 likes]: Great tips. Thank you!
  10. @vipulgharat7017: THIS IS VERY USEFUL INFORMATION THAK YOU SO MUCH
  11. @Bànhngọcgiahưng-yz5us: .
  12. @mangyanpublicaffairs: That's great amazing video

- How Commercials Get Us To Buy Crap We Don't Need: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] advertising is everywhere and what you read what you watch what you eat what you wear they're in the sky they're on the ground they're in the water our economy thrives on you buying more and more and more even though you don't need anymore and oh yeah you're in debt the goal of advertising is simple get you to buy a product to make you say yes I want this I need this my life life will be better with this retro cowbell dispenser but a mason jar too that is adorable this is the mug that won't fall over watch this it fell it fell we wanted to learn how advertisers capture our attention and get us to buy stuff we don't even really need so we turned to Jonas saxs an advertising executive and co-founder of freerange Studios to explain a few ways Brands get into our heads how do ads tell us who we are or give us tell us who we should be we see 3500 of them a day and the majority of them basically tell us you suck and if you don't buy this product you're not going to be rich enough smart enough hot enough and so we walk around being told 3500 times a day how deficient and lame we are are there any ads that have stuck out in your mind the number one most shared advertisement on YouTube of all time is that Dove real Beauty sketches ad they make the real Beauty sketches it's all about how women are so much more beautiful than they think they are through this stunt with the police artist who's sketching them tell me about your hair they make a picture of what they think they look like versus what a stranger thinks kind of have a fat rounder face people are saying listen they're reaching hundreds of millions of people with a positive message about beauty people want to share it cuz they say oh those are my values that's my idea and then you start buying the soap because you share those values this is one of those classic Shop Therapy ads that you know Parenthood is hard drinking Coke is easy you need to speak to people on the level of identity you need to speak people on level of emotion there are millions of people who are going to sit there and be like yeah that's my truth that's it it's totally me thanks Coke why use Beckham advertisements tell you not that this product does this thing it's that people like this use this product if you want to be like these kind of people use this product and you're instantly one of them you know we all want heroes in our lives and we want to know how to be more like those Heroes and um you know watching sports and watching movies that these guys are in we don't necessarily know how to be more like them but advertisements tell us how to be are you up for whatever don't answer grab a Bud Light and show it try new things make new friends I mean it's all just crafted around creating a gap you know you don't have enough you don't have what's right it's not necessarily even that the audiences are sitting at home and saying oh man I I need to spend more time in the club it's like saying they're saying everybody else is in the club and why aren't you there so advertising is just a constant fear of missing out there's a huge amount of that wow advertisers are like crappy friends they make us feel needy ugly and uncool but we keep him around anyway this is a beautiful moment sure could use a Coke

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mm-dk9fl [5 likes]: The way advertising controls our desires and convinces people to buy things they don't even need is terrifying. The video shows the tactics used, such as scarcity, emotion, and even fear of missing out, to influence us. We think we are free to make choices, but often it is a reaction to marketing. This type of content is necessary for us to think before we consume...
  2. @bluerider0309 [1 likes]: Ads are a necessary tool of this society we allowed and helped build. We need to free ourselves because these elites don’t care about us in even the slightest. Down with the government and this society.
  3. @kl3v3rIhmo: This feels like socialist propaganda
  4. @CherishedMemoriesOfAWhiteA-w4i: Some commercials I like mostly ones like bioncle but the thing I hate most about commercials is the manipulation especially of your Perception. I hate the Gaslighting and Grooming and making it seem nostalgic as well when they are raping your mind with this stuff.
  5. @mirhamustafa678: Good work
  6. @marianicolesilva1729: We are so dumb, we are spending what was supoosed to be our savings on such uneuseful products, things that the more we buy, the more dependent we get on spendig more and  more, creatinga consumism world.
  7. @PredoHenrique-t9f: #mediastudiesMBAju
  8. @PredoHenrique-t9f: This was Very good to my consumer health❤❤❤
  9. @marianicolesilva1729: #MestudiesMBAju
  10. @SofiaSantana-t2k: I already bought lots of stuff i didn’t need (aka robux, pokemon cards, clothes, and videogames in general lol) 
#MestudiesMBAju
  11. @ju_dcastro: I bought a lot of robux, and i dont needed to buy It.

#MediaStudiesMBAju
  12. @Didim44: Yoo 😂
  13. @TrishLewis-zo2rn: I'm thrilled.  I've never seen any of these ads.  Twenty-some years of no tv and getting hobbies.
  14. @KaleciaGrier-h6x: So great, thanks for sharing!
  15. @OksV81: I've never thought about how deeply advertising affects our purchases. This video amazed me. I disagree with one thing. When watching an advertisement, I've never felt like anyone else. If I need an item, I'll buy it, if I don't need it, it stays in the store.
  16. @ramblingrahema2125: Add the part about tech putting the word "pro" on every up-sell even when it's mostly the same thing smh
  17. @EllyLee-e: This video really made me see how advertising subtly influences our minds. It's impressive how brands use emotions, psychology, and even artificial scarcity to push us into buying things we don’t need. Now, I’ll think twice before falling for marketing traps. The content is great because it exposes these strategies and helps us make more conscious choices, separating real needs from impulsive wants. A powerful reflection on consumerism and self-awareness!
  18. @IsabelaSantos-tq1io: This video shows how commercials manipulate our emotions to make us want things we don’t actually need.
They use happiness, fear, or status to make products seem essential.
Advertising creates false needs by targeting our insecurities.
It makes us believe buying more will make us feel better or complete.
We must learn to question ads and think before spending.
  19. @dinofofoqueira: Consumerism influences everything in our daily lives, from what we choose for breakfast to what we feed our pets. We live in a society where trivial things are considered social status, which is unfortunately a big problem in today's world. This video offers a good reflection on this: what do we really want and need, and what do we buy because of influence? By incorporating this into our daily lives, in addition to saving money, we are doing good for the environment, since not even 20 percent of the world's waste is recycled.
  20. @thelyon3791: Advertisements just don't work on me I just have to sit through them and watch all 20 of them before I see my next segment. If I'm hungry and I see a Chipotle commercial it doesn't make me want to go to Chipotle

- The Most Effective Advertising May Be When Consumers Least Expect It: Kind: captions Language: en this is Duke University if you think back even 10 years ago when you were watching a television program you turn on the program and you watch the program but over the last 5 10 years more and more people are digitally recording their television programming which means that you don't just sit down and passively watch you sit down and you watch and when the advertising break comes where there's four or five ads in a row you get that remote out press it at the screen and fast forward past Those ads what's the result of this the result is that you are staring at the screen defensive mechanisms down because of course you're not being persuaded You're simply trying to get to your next segment of programming and you're fast forwarding and the whole time there are these very short flashes of Brands happy faces blue skies all of them potentially influencing you most people have thought that those were valueless views fast forward past it's not worth anything to us and so we're actually suggesting that in fact maybe that that's completely wrong and those fast forwarded spots we need to rethink whether and what the real value is for folks we wanted to get our heads around what happens if I see one brand really quickly then another brand really quickly do these two co-mingle in some interesting way and the answer of course is that they do and one of the key features is the similarity or dissimilarity between these to uh brands that you're exposed to so for example a brand might have a personality like we people do and one brand might be sincere uh and another brand might be really exciting and normally traditionally media experts have argued that we want to put sincere and sincere together and place those in a sincere program because it's thematically consistent it's not jarring it's good in lots of ways and in fact we find in testing that if you do that you put sincere Brands together in a in a neutral or sincere environment they all uh lead to positive attitudes more likelyhood of of purchase Etc what's really interesting is when you move into this New Media landscape you fast forward now it's very quick exposures now the answer is no longer that it's sincere sincere the answer is that it is sincere and exciting side by side that lead to the pop that leads to increased sales and purchases I don't suggest that we should abandoned traditional media advertising at all and in fact if I had a brand new brand that I was starting and that I would wanted to build associations with the traditional 30second spot is a highly effective way to build strong associations and positive associations with a new brand so the argument is if you're a new brand the traditional brand building stuff that we've done for many years makes a lot of sense if you're an existing brand with some strong associations already you probably want to think about taking some of those resources that you're spending on traditional TV advertising and shift them into trying to do more of the brief exposure type of work with your consumers consumers end up liking the product more more likely to buy it more likely to go back to it everybody's sort of Happy and it's really about the resource shift that is critical and for those you know brand managers and firms out there that think oh we're already doing some of this stuff in every company I've ever spoken to they're not doing enough of this stuff in terms of moving over to the brief brand exposures to to maximize the impact of their of their efforts

  Top Comments:
  1. @Samsaknight [3 likes]: Here bc I just watched this in class lol
  2. @ajames5821 [2 likes]: 2nd
  3. @MEATClown [2 likes]: Great video! "Learned much! Thank you!
  4. @FallingSign99 [1 likes]: this is the best video ever
  5. @ericalogan4476 [1 likes]: Not a bad video, but the video is old. Anything new?
  6. @ajames5821 [1 likes]: may u live in the eye of the sun and elephants and flying chickens with flying wings my pretty

- The Psychology Behind Good Advertising: Kind: captions Language: en It should come as no surprise that modern advertising as we know it, has shaped our society in many ways. A lot of our daily decisions and life choices are influenced in part by advertising itself. It’s become such a deep-rooted constituent of our established norm that a world without it would seem, frankly, strange "Like so many others, I had become a slave to the IKEA nesting instinct" "Uh, yes. I'd like to order the Erica Pekkary dust ruffles" "Please hold." This is because barely a moment goes by during our day when we aren’t bombarded with advertisements in some form or the other. Posters, billboards, flyers, TV commercials, and internet ads, all creep into our personal space and tell us what we should buy and who we should be. For now our only brief escape from our role as a potential consumer comes to us during sleep. But even this could possibly change one day. "Are you bored?" "Get Sky Go for your mobile" "Best entertainment and live sport" "When you want it and where you want it" What's important to know is that the purpose of advertising isn’t limited in its capacity to harass us into parting with our hard earned money. Advertising plays a traditional role in helping businesses reach prospective customers and vice versa. Without it we would not know where to look for a particular product or service we need. Perhaps without advertising we wouldn’t even know what we wanted in the first place. Yet in our present day technologically driven lives, the reach between producer and consumer has grown a lot smaller. With the numerous media platforms and channels available to us, a simple online search takes us to a list of providers able to satisfy our every want. Our dilemma today comes in the form of not knowing which product to choose from out of the many available to us. This is where good advertising comes into play. In a saturated market, subtle differences can make the distinction between the choice of one product over another. There are typically two modes of advertising that ad agencies and marketing gurus utilize. One focuses on the qualities of the product, while the other seeks to arouse an emotional response from the intended audience. The moment you start to think about advertisements that have stood out to you in the recent past, there’s a high probability that they incorporated the latter. And there’s a good reason for this. "Well gentlemen, I don't think I have to tell you what you just witnessed here" "I think you do" Why should you choose one product over another? That decision becomes easy when you develop an affinity with a particular brand. It could be something as small as an aesthetically appealing logo design. Something that resonates with you and feels calming. The right colours and appropriate typography all matched in harmony for a well packaged product. But advertising goes beyond a well thought out logo or attractive packaging. The most successful ad campaigns hardly say anything about the product itself but instead create a lucid atmosphere that evokes a strong emotion from its target consumer. These are the types of advertisements that we remember, talk about, and influence our purchasing decisions. Now, let’s take a look at the following two commercials about perfume: "Fragrances by Shulton" "The essence of precious scents caught in that precise moment of fulfillment" "Distilled with exquisite artistry for your every mood" "In four fragrances" "Here's the newest adventure in fragrances" "Escapade" "A blending of subtle French genius with a bold, vivacious, American touch" "To be lovely is to feel lovely when your fragrance expresses your gayest self" "So choose a gay adventure - choose Escapade toilet water" "Immediately, you'll feel lovely" "Why, you are lovely in that light and gay Escapade mood" "And remember your Escapade stick cologne to a new adventure, wherever you are" "Enjoy all these fragrances" "Friendship's garden" "Early American Old Spice" "Dessert Flower - At leading cosmetic counters everywhere" "Toilet Waters at a $1.25 and a $1.50, stick colognes $1" "Acqua di Gioia, the new eau fraiche" "Giorgio Armani" The differences between the two commercials are quite stark. The first ad for Escapade Perfume quite explicitly focuses on the product itself. They describe certain characteristics of the perfume while going on to talk about its application and effect on the user. And this is quite difficult to do when describing a product whose main selling attribute (smell) is not transmissible through Television. It almost seems absurd, but the second perfume commercial for Giorgio Armani does not even try in the least to directly communicate the features of their product. They rely solely on alighting particular feelings and associations with their perfume. In this case, we could assume that the directors behind the ad wanted to transmit the feeling of ethereal beauty. We see a woman who fits into our standard of high attractiveness in our society, frolicking through a rainforest in the midst of a storm. The only mention of the perfume is in the last six seconds of the one minute ad. So why do we care about the associations of a product, rather than the product itself? Good advertising helps us begin to answer one of the most fundamental questions of life – Who Am I? This is because when it comes to figuring out who we are and what we want from life, we usually struggle to find answers. A lot of this is existential and has to do with the fact that we’re born with no pre-established notion of what it means to be human. It’s up to us to figure that along the way. But making that decision isn’t easy. In fact, it’s a huge burden. Out of all the possibilities our lives can take, how can we decide who or what we should be? We have no inkling if the choices we make will turn out to be good or not. Yet, we are each tasked with the responsibility of deciding for ourselves and can only hope that we’ve chosen well. On the other hand, good advertising helps us build an identity by releasing the anxiety brought about by self-determination. It tells us exactly what choice to make by compelling us to buy a certain product. And once we have done so, we will be able to emulate the identity and characteristics that we have learned to associate with that product from a particular commercial or advertisement. "Advertising is based on one thing" "Happiness" "And do you know what happiness is? Happiness is the smell of a new car" "It's freedom from fear. It's a billboard on the side of the road that screams, with reassurance, that whatever you're doing, it's okay." "You are okay" Advertising that caters to our feelings, primarily resonates with our subconscious mind and not our conscious mind. It’s why we sometimes can’t rationally deduce our preference for a certain brand and our ability to pay a premium for a product we can’t tell apart from its competitors. If we are drawn to it simply because of what it evokes inside of us and the associations that come with it, then rest assured, the marketing department has done their research. What this means is that we need to start thinking carefully about the decisions we make even if it’s something as insignificant as purchasing a perfume. Good advertising feeds off both our insecurities and deficiencies as humans and makes us believe that we can mask them with a new and exciting identity. Make no mistake, the only thing you’ll be able to achieve is to diminish your anxiety in the short term. And of course, you’ll spend money on things you don’t need in order to quell a discomfort that needs to be addressed appropriately. Making authentic decisions that align with our best interests is no easy task and takes a lot of effort. Yet, we have to realize that losing ourselves into the illusions constructed by good advertising will not make our lives any easier. They will only detract us from accepting and being comfortable with who we really are and the givens of our reality. There is no point striving towards an ideal when perfection doesn’t exist. Accomplish this and you’ll be a much happier individual.

  Top Comments:
  1. @willivonen3886 [1 likes]: How good would you say artificial intelligence when it becomes a super intelligence be used for advertising?😂
  2. @DieWithSpirituality: Toilet water?
  3. @MobilaisTelefons-u3w: 🤔🤔🤔 
I've been sitting and thinking after watching this and came in conclusion...

Advertisement companies owes me significant amount of money, for playing their garbage on my devices...
  4. @RăzvanMocanu-d7t: Interesting!
  5. @cloudy1723: You’ll need a hobo teacher and your buddy’s dogtag from the war.
  6. @timothyingram: Advertising is predominantly garbage.
  7. @SakinKakazai: Greate video! Thanks for this
  8. @BoyerAngelah: You have a gift for explaining things clearly!
  9. @StellarMeng: This video explains why certain ads grab our attention psychologically, and it reminded me of an article I read on The Observatory called “What Makes a Good Online Video Ad: How Brands Grab Your Attention.” It’s fascinating how attention psychology and storytelling strategy are so intentionally designed in great ads.
  10. @junodonatus4906: How often do we hear this in a commercial: "They don't want you to know and they're trying to silence me.....but I'm going to tell you anyway." There is a variation of "I'm in danger for telling you what corporations don't want you to know" in so many commercials. The idea of BIG companies scamming you and the little guy exposing that must have some deeply rooted appeal for the people.
  11. @cutkitvid9548: Do you know drilling these hideous commercials into people's heads causes them to hate every product affiliated  with constant repetitive not very imaginative stupid pleas to buy a product. 1. More money spent on commercials less on product. 2. If your product can't stand the scrutiny of word to mouth advertising then it's not worth buying. 3. I have a very very very long notepad page naming every stinking commercial I ever had to watch wait for it to be over or hear. If I'm in doubt I refer back to my notes ...but I never ever ever buy anything I've seen in a commercial or heard or waited for on-line. That's  the psychology of commercials for me and I'm not the only one. Only fools listen to commercials or pay attention
  12. @GolnazRamezani: perfect✨
  13. @AbdoulParé-t1m: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  14. @Creative_Chaos09: :finger-red-number-one:
  15. @splearning19: Fell asleep midway through this video I’m ngl
  16. @Zaib-5838: 4:20 for the newer generation, here gay means happiness.
  17. @HowlinWatersSoloShows: Got the message loud and clear ... Escapade perfume makes you gay. 🥴
  18. @Hoert-om4pp: Why does everyone only have no-reply addresses and constantly bombard me with advertising?
Such addresses seem sickening, of course, because no communication can be sent back to tell them that we don't want their junk!
This applies to all advertisers so far, so as long as the internet has existed, we are still forced to see their sick behavior, which never seems to be treated, for example, in hospitals. How long will their need to embarrass themselves everywhere continue, I wonder, because no one can stand to hang out with psychos like this their whole life, and this kind of behavior doesn't go away without the strongest drugs that psychiatry can give them!!!???
  19. @Nhlanhla-z6m: Would have love to continue to listen, however the narrator sounds so robotic.
  20. @adudecalleddarien: I'm using this video as a reference for my essay on the topic of advertising. This is really deep and well-written video, actually. I'm appreciative to have found this video.

- Eskimi Live - High Impact Ads: New Formats Winning Consumer Attention in 2023: Kind: captions Language: en hello hello everyone hello hello Jeff hi hello I can see we have already a lot of people connected we'll just give people two minutes to get in there should be a reminder going out now so we'll start in two minutes one and a half minutes and then we'll be ready but fortunately we have a lot of great gold nuggets today and uh Jeff here who's creative director at ischemy has a lot of cool new things and Innovations ready to share and some things about the attention economy and uh how that pertains to ads and how we can help advertisers and brands with these high impact formats so looking forward to that it's going to be about 35 to 40 minutes of presentations and we will be following up with questions and Q a afterwards so remember to put in a lot of questions on the questions in the chat and we'll follow up at the end uh to ensure that we hopefully we can get everyone to know a little bit more and get their questions answers if there's anything so perfect I think 10 more seconds then we will be ready for my seconds yeah 10 more seconds like just teasing it a little bit teasing it a little bit yes I can see it's growing it's growing growing people are joining good let's let's get let's take this off perfect can you share this last yeah one seconds yeah we should be able to see the slides all good all good you can minimize the where we are 37 slides that's easy no apologies there we go super so yes welcome to this webinar about high impact ads and the formats that are winning consumer attention here in 2023 we have a lot of great new examples and examples of uh results and the formats themselves and what it is ETC so let's dig in I'll do a quick introduction to who we are very quickly it's another pitch so I just wanted to show you show everyone who doesn't know us we have a lot of customers showing them of course we also have a lot of new people so this game is a full stack app Tech platform so we're we're uh what you would say uh at DSP as well as one as many other things in this in this uh world and we pride ourselves on having a large reach with a lot of AD exchanges and we have a lot of great Creative Solutions with Jazz team and overall our our tool as well a lot of Premium placements contextual tag and then we do Telco data targeting and have a lot of interest categories and Geo and Hyper local targeting and of course we're a global company so very standard as what you would say but we have a lot of great stuff here so Global presence so we have about 12 officers around the world 200 people uh sitting a lot remotely I'm sitting here as the only person sitting in Denmark so traveling a lot that's fun but we have a people in most of countries around the world that we service so have a global ad operations team creative Studio Solutions and of course add-ups and support uh go together right so we are very proud of our G2 ratings and we have a lot of great happy customers that help us get there and of course making sure that we respond quicker than than the rest is very important for us so customer service Creative Solutions and of course a full stack at Tech platform that's what we do so now you know what we do I'm the CMO and Phillips I'm Church marketing and Jeff maybe a quick introduction to yourself yeah hi guys so I'm the creative sorry creative director in sqm DSP so my job is the rich media part of the business and all the creative part of the business I manage creative studio and asking me so yeah I think you learned quite a bit about the rich media right new high impact ads and yeah our creative studio in general yes perfect so maybe let's get started on a preamble to what this is all about right so the next step is to talk about the attention economy so that is a little bit of a preamble we'll get into this quickly so we just want to get everyone on the same page as why we do this and what are some of the changes happening in the market uh why we need to be more aware as as Brands and as an agencies on this attention play so what is the attention economy if you go to like page we can see what it is and the definition is of course if you go to the next page Jeff you see a very high level that it's like yeah the definition is it's an economic system in which the sellers the goods and services must compete to capture the attention of potential customers right so very high-end approach to that so what does that actually mean for us as agencies as Branch right so it's a problem for a lot of us if we want to get in front of people because us humans have limited cognitive resources and those are limits to how much we can use in the time so attention and creative approaches that are more important than ever so there are some really cool cases out there that signify this so what that means is consumers they're drowning in that so some latest research say that consumers are exposed to between six to ten thousand ads a day so that number is of course astronomical we can't even think think about that comprehend that but of course this is across offline online mobile phone desktop all across right so lots of different areas where we're exposed to these things and that means that to stick out to have an impact you have to get attention from your ads right so we can't use just be one in the sea of thousands of outsides so if you go to the next one let's see so some of what we want to talk about is that we want to of course we want to prove this this is actually something that works right so we have some some items here so maybe Jack you can give a little bit of insights about what is attention and how it's measuring right here yeah yeah so we have this um amazing funnel right um so yeah um I I met a lot of agencies as well um that you know we buy The Impressions we don't really care you know who sees that we just need the you know the Impressions right so I think this is a really really bad thing to do in marketing in general especially in this age right because we can gather a lot of loads and loads of data in general right and yeah so you can see here the the overall um funnel right so let's say we have 100 percent of all Impressions served to a device 70 of that could be seen meaning viewable right so excuse me this track that um present views right so from that 70 you know we have the 35 impression actually seen right so what what does it mean like the ad was viewable right so it was somewhere on the screen but in the device the user maybe did not scroll and things like that right yeah and then the average view time right so imagine from those hundred percent Impressions 135 were seen and then 35 where you see you receive this additional metric on top is average view time right yeah and attentive seconds all right per thousand Impressions right so percentage uh viewed in general right so average time viewed multiplied by a thousand so what does attention actually mean for for for results right so maybe we can see some examples uh some research being done on this because this is not a new thing right attention is it's of course something that's been been on everyone's Minds since the 70s and especially since the 2000 we've become become a lot more smarter and have much more uh research methods to measure these things right so maybe we can go to the next slide we can see we'd see some of this uh research being done at a high level uh from from Big Publications right scientific scientific slices these are some since 2002 right that this is actually something that that moves the needle when it comes to Brands brand Equity brand play uh of course all of these things that we need the sales of options memory attention so we can take also some maybe some newer examples from some of the smart people in the industry uh let's see the next slide is there are a lot of great great ways this is a recent study by mail metromedia right so attention actually correlates and turns into Prime consideration and intent right so doing a lot of benchmarking is very important for both for advertisers to also know and prove this to their uh to their customers right so a lot of these attention plays uh turn into consideration intent it's not just to be flashy it's not just to have another metric there is direct correlation between results in this so if it's the next one we can also see from from double verify that's there's a lot of correlation between this and brand Equity so Mandalay one of the largest fmcg brands in the world right they are also of course very much interested in testing this across across a variety of Brands will be right so a lot of moving the needle and brand for favorability and consideration right so very important place for brand equities as well and go to the next one I think people will also know this company then through right so time and view the ability and all of these metrics of course impact the tensions and see a lot there so there's direct correlations between a lot of these attempting economy studies and durability is a big one of these is going to come into a little bit later on a new ability and what that means probably like that so yeah and of course the last thing this is the last one High View time higher brand recall right so the longer time your your ads are seen it doesn't it doesn't take a brand survey to to maybe uh verify this but it makes sense but it's very important that we get these measurements right so this is something you can show to your customers to your courses to your Brands to advertisers that this is something that that correlates highly uh with brand recall so yes that was a preamble to high impact that's right and you might guess the time like that's they give a lot of attention right so that is uh that is why we're here that's why it took a little four minutes just to get a little bit of insight into what is the value of attention right so maybe Jeff you can take definition of hand type apps and there might also be some pretty previews in here yeah yeah of course so high impact I think it's in the name that's that's why I love this name quite uh quite a bit actually right so meaning it's a high impact right so high impact it's compared to the regular ads right something let's say difference I think that sticks to the consumer right that's something that brand will you know showcase themselves in different slides right so meaning you know the not only let's say the overall format right but also the attention it receives the the viewability it receives like that's that's what's a high impact about it right so absolutely so the definition is of course for some who don't know it's their premium and their non-standard formats right so we all know the standard formats 300s I'm 250 these are formats that stand out highly and of course they're much more premium both in terms of costs and but also in terms of placement right so the the definition of it is is of course that they're designed to track attention and produce is better performance which we'll come into a little bit later with some concrete examples and also some some comparisons but yeah some examples here we have uh prepared some uh from our creative Studio team so maybe we can see some some some really good examples and also some definitions yeah maybe you can leave that yeah of course so I think maybe let's not go one uh each of these maybe let's go one by one yeah so the first one is the floating ad yeah so in this case the floating ad is something a little bit let's say the simplest version I'd like to call that right so the idea here is that the floating ad integrates into the page right so it's on top of all of the contents right it does not really ruin customer experience that much right so basically it just stays on the page so that's a general idea of the floating app you can see a couple of examples um some of them are from Eskimi right so we have Kia we have Coke right let's see those movable buttons right in this case second yeah so here you can preview them live right I hope everyone can see the screen all right so in this case we have Coke um Yeah so basically you have like this little can right so if the user would scroll the page it will always stay on top of the screen right and basically the idea here is that we request the consumer to shake the can right and then the bubbles appear right so quite simple um in general right and then the Kia ad which I showed previously right so this is how it looks so this is a new Kia seed model it rise into the screen right it changes the colors and you can basically move it around you click X and it disappears it's quite quite cool and simple yeah so moving forward with the full Peak you know full page takeover ad so in this case um compared to the floating ad let's say this would be something a little bit more intrusive right more capturing the user's attention in general right if the floating guide is somewhere at the bottom you know it does not take the whole screen the Takeover ad in this case covers the whole content right so it's a little bit more intrusive so as like this I'd say you need very strong proposition for the consumer right because yeah it's it's a little bit more intrusive in this case right so this is this is the one we have run for Disney plus so we have like the little curtain popping up right and then we have all of the movies which are being launched right now and the user can view yeah so whenever it clicks any of these okay that's a really cool cool use of rich media and dynamic uh Dynamic video it's really cool yeah so yeah these are full page takeovers right and in this case you know whenever the user clicks anything we can automatically well automatically take over the sound function of the device right it doesn't matter if it's a mobile phone if it's a desktop computer he clicks we automatically take over the sound settings and basically he can view the videos in full sound this case yeah so this is full page takeover yeah and then we have a combination of both right so whenever you know planning the media it's sometimes a little bit too scary to jump into the Takeover right because or maybe you don't want to showcase you know the intrusiveness of the brand to the user in general right so here we have like this little combination so we only take over the screen whenever user interacts with the ad right so you can see two examples so maybe let's jump in and let me show them live right so first one is Guardians of the Galaxy right so you have this little ship flying into the page so it's quite nice um you click enter the cockpit right and then you have cool immersive experience with the movie right so this is Gardens of the Galaxy so you know it's gamified version of the Takeover right so we take over the user screen user calls to start the engine some engagement in this case and then we have like the rest of the banner that we have to shoot and basically review the trailer yeah so quite simple and you know it's not imagine if the experience would be like instantly this right the ship appearing out that nowhere um and the second one is Fanta so in this case it's a floating button on the bottom right the user can either click X or drag up as the banner requests you drag it up and you receive like this nice fresh um takeover unit you know with Fanta on top and their new campaign is not now oops apologies yeah remember guys everyone to uh to write in questions will will be answering them at the end of this right so if there's any question technical specifics costs anything just put them in we'll we'll do our best answer all of them at the end yeah so that's it about this combination and now moving into a little bit more or let's say newer newer formats right so we spoke about a floating ad plastic over is not that inclusive right it's a little bit less intrusive so in what I like about it is let's say top scroll and all of the scroll Solutions in general you know it Blends into the content so like whenever you load the page all of the content of the page goes to the bottom and on top you have like this cool um cool execution right so in this case it's Oppenheimer right so imagine the content of the website would be in the bottom so the app pushes it down right and you have Oppenheimer with the countdown at the calendar or maybe watch Trader right and whenever you scroll the page slowly appears right so you can scroll up and down and the page will be responsive to the ad right and if you want the full page experience as a user right you just scroll it down and you have it the page unlocked completely right so I wouldn't call this let's see the the as intrusive of as full page takeover when we just blow it up you know and you have the ads on top of the page and this is a little bit lighter version of that right and let's see doesn't have the same bad user experience as the oh my God yeah and the positive thing about one of these formats chart scroll is that we've just seen it from from a performance perspective it that they demand a high CTR very high attention review ability a lot of great metrics with each right of course it's it's a little bit uh in your face right but that's also why usually we would recommend having like a a click to scroll further down or but quite natively and intuitively people will understand that they can scroll away from this there's no X to close it right but it's very intuitively uh in there and a really good performance unit I would say and we can we will see some some comparisons a little bit later uh across the chat across the formats yeah what what I like about this you know you always can see the bottom of the page right so you always you know the arrow pops up uh to the bottom right and you can always see the page it's not like you know you're you need to click X like you mentioned that it does not have X but you know that's that's what I like about it like the user automatically just Scrolls the page intuitively and it's it's quite nice right yeah and as you mentioned here the city areas of the jars with this one yeah the next one is Miss World right so create a window effect so in this case um you can see the Johnny Walker video right so the idea in mid scroll compared let's say to top scroll no it's in the name I think right so mid scroll is in the middle of the content yeah so if the top scroll it appears at the top the first thing you see at the page the mid scroll is a little bit in the middle okay so that's that's why comparing the two let's see in this attention economy right so midscroll of course will be less visible right it will have um of course uh worst metrics compared to top scroll but it's let's say the less intrusive right because in this case the user already Scrolls the page right and he just if he doesn't you know checks out the offer he checks out the video whatever is in the banner right check the animation it's cool it's cool I like it you know and if he he wants to continue like he already been scrolling for for some time now right so it's quite easy and I'd say this is the least intrusive of all our scroll units right that's the mid scroll so yeah yeah and of course fluid skin right so in this case we have a background right and some sort of content on top of the background runs so it always stays responsive and the idea behind this ad um that basically is behind the contents of the page right so let's see we have like this you know this this u-shape right and yeah that's where the contents of the ad appears and the content of the website is pushed to the middle of the page right so we have this nice let's see background effect for the overall website which is a wish media ad it can also be animated you know things like that that's the way yeah then there's also different types of skins right so we also have seamless skin which is this is right so and you can also break up the ad units into separate pieces right so you can tell a story you can do a lot of of crazy fun stuff here with video with Dynamic content and as you said rich media and so a very interesting format it's very country dependent on how usually news distribution in new sites so that's that enable this type of format right but it's a very it's a very fun piece and it's usually yeah it's usually also one that performs very very well in terms of the awareness right yeah the first thing you see you know yeah yeah sorry Philip which is your favorite out of all of these I like charcoal I like one because they they're right in your face and I also because I also know like how they perform right so I love that um I think there's a lot of creativity to be done here as well so I like that um from a from a technical perspective I think the fluid Skins are also really cool um they're a little bit more harder to to sell both to clients and and for us right but overall they're really interesting um because you can do a lot of fun stuff um and blend natively also in with the content so thanks um if if anyone has any preferences about these or you like something that you can always write into the chat it would be very nice to hear some feedback about the general view of these ads yeah good so yeah maybe we go a little bit into the performance right because that's also what people are interested in right it's very generic to say that this is the this is this this performs like this but there's definitely some some overall arching themes when it comes to to the performance across these these different ads right so maybe we need to take some examples and also some comparisons but let's first go again we love to to verify and and have valid numbers to support our claims right so maybe Jeff you can go to the next page so we can see some of these right so the benefits of them of course like the attention play as we said right so that is very important one of the most important parts of this but the also is that you can encourage interaction so just like our rich media offerings you can build in a lot of interaction with these and it encourages people to to play around with this so as you said the numbers we saw increasing brand recall and again High availability for most of these are off the charts so you leave a lasting impression and again the innovation of these could be very very very big so lots of great benefits with high impact ads I would say so maybe we have some numbers to support our claims as well here so yeah so these are some of the numbers we get from from adjust and Loom and in cyber intelligence some of the later later research on this in terms of like the creatives right so that's 70 of advertising Effectiveness actually comes from the creative itself it doesn't come from a placement it doesn't come from the amount of reach it actually comes from the creative itself which makes sense right um You have all seen Google the good Google ads text ads right they look horrible um those would not fit into a a fmcg Brands perspective right but when it comes to creatives we all we all pretty much when we're working with an advertise on a programmatic we know when an ad is bad or good well-designed well executed the content within the design right so I think that's a very clear indicator that this has to be a top priority for Brands and for agencies when working with advertising so yes and placements maybe you could take that yeah yeah um so the idea here is that you know the the placement matters quite a bit you know we previously mentioned six to ten um daily ads are seen right so that's that's quite a lot right so the user usually gets lost in all of the Sea of ads and you know it just you know pushes everything back naturally right that's that's our human mentality right and whenever you visit the website and you see something let's say like top straw all right with a nice animation the content is fresh right so all of these things combined right of course it will leave a very very like Lasting Impression in general right as Philip mentioned right and the idea is that it will be viewable a lot more right most of the formats we present um let's see floating at top scroll right so they're in the best best placement possible right in the first thing you see on the page so the viewability is quite quite good right compared to let's say regular 350 and other different ads which get lost yeah and that also turns into size right there's a lot of the formats we showed we just showed are have a higher pixel size than the rest right so if you look at the top scroll it takes over two thirds three three-fourths of the screen right so even organic or natively built right it's it's designed to to demand attention right so the statistics say that if the larger the ad units like the bigger the attention span is right so so our attention is so I think some of these are they they correlate quite nicely yeah so we already see like the regular placements let's say simply which media ads outperform static ads of course right so imagine like we take the whole success of the rich media animations we take interaction animation um in general to the format like top scroll all right added into this huge size right in general you know the users will will be quite inclined to look at it right yeah this is this is this is what I was talking about right so high impact versus standard right so 45 times more attention compared to standard display ads right so that's that's that's quite a bit yeah like I I we don't have a stats with us but I've also seen some some we've run some campaigns in some countries some split tests where comparing standard uh versus high impact we saw a thousand percent increase in in uh in the ability we saw like 15 000 increase in in CTR right so there's a lot of benefits to some of these formats that that just blew my mind right and that this was looking at millions of Impressions so that's some good formats here so um when it comes to Performance branding when we talk about some of these impact formats right they're also more likely to encourage uh consumer to discover more about your brand right so just the format itself the content the quality just correlates much more with purchase intense so uh and this more discoverability for the brand so highly impactful formats also in terms of brand recall equity and uh all of these areas combined so that of course has some correlation between um not only the high impact app but also because there usually is more focus on the content the rich media inside the content inside besides the ad unit itself right but but again those things correlate very nice thing so yes I think we have one more of these and then we actually have a really cool comparison sheet so these are some really cool applications by a Danish company called an army and they've done some attention um investigation across a lot of different channels right and you see the top scroll is outperforming even TV and YouTube and Instagram and all these social parts and in terms of attention attentive second per thousand Impressions right so there is a high correlation with this as well and there is a lot of research being shown that this is like this is the the new format if you want to compete against TV with programmatic so I think this is a really cool chart yes so again between awareness brand recall and attention uh is attention right so this is both a way for us to to get a lot of awareness but also a way to measure performance so it's seven times more effective than viewability at predicting awareness so there is just a lot of benefits to this that have been proven uh across the world so I think attention will become a one of the newest ways of measuring results in the future when it comes to programmatic I think there's a lot more correlation a lot more research being pulled into this by a big biometric companies and doom and a lot of the research companies are taking up more and more this because if we go back to the initial statement and the research is that we we're exposed to six to ten thousand ads every day we need to we need to stand out we need to be we need to up the quality and we need to up the amount of time and effort we put into creating these formats and being very mindful of how they are viewed and how they are being received right so that is some of the the future I would say here so maybe we can go to some really cool graphic or some things to be aware of sorry uh some some things of course not everything is free uh there's there is of course and downsides yeah so let me get into those right so yeah so the first one is it's very easy to go let's see nuts these ads right so they are they might be very resource intensive right so whenever you know in my own experience the client sees that you know we have this big frame yeah so okay let's put the highest quality videos right and we have let's say ads waiting like the overall weight of the ad is like 20 megabytes right so that's of course not normal right so it's very easy to go with the amazing assets right so huge lines of code for the animation which will like ruin the third part the user experience in general right the ad the ads are mostly like these formats are mostly intrusive on their own right and then imagine if the loading times are very high right it doesn't appear when it has to appear so yeah this this is very very very important whenever running these let's say bigger formats right so what we usually do is we optimize the code as much as possible right so it will only wait 20 30 kilobytes per right and then we optimize all of the assets right so yeah so that's that's very important for the loading speed especially in the countries where you know it's the internet is a little bit slower right so we cannot overload the user with this you know 20 30 megabytes ad right so usually right now I'd say it's reachable to 200 from 200 to 500 kilobytes per ad right yeah yeah and local publisher placements yes so that's the that's the third issue I'd say so we don't really have let's say the open rtb traffic in this case right so it's run on local Publishers website so for now the open FTP does not offer these sizes and these formats in general right so each country let's say like has to have like their own agreement right we cannot just go like this well of course we can go like this but that it will take a little bit longer than let's say open rtb ads um in general yeah I love comparisons business used used uh this is used for for me to instantly get an overview of course the pros and cons of the different format tribes so we start with the standard display you all know them um then we also have a rich media display of course same at unit size right but of course the content within is is more custom and interactive Etc and then we have some of these topical metrical floating app fluid skins and footage takeovers so when we look from the attention perspective of course the standard display ads are the worst like they they don't demand that attention at all even if you make a bright pink it's still boring it still doesn't bring up the attention that you would like right so if you look at all the comparisons you can see how they interact right so CTR is worse as well intrusiveness is of course not that big of a thing but usually you would also see maybe 30 or 40 of these ads from a single page right so they're also a bit forgetful right under also they're not intrusive because there are so many of them that you don't even notice and of course the CPM for these is very good because they're a diamond doesn't you can you can run them everywhere right so and the inventory as well is is the same right so you can see that the benefits from the standard rich media and the rich media display is that the attention is not a sign of the CTR is not as high they're very intrusive there's a lot of inventory in the CPM Source level right if you move more to the right you will see that the performance metrics the attention Matrix they have very high on high impact ads intrusive never level the CPM and the inventory is of course also that way so that that makes those a little the varied entry higher than a standard campaign but if you're really interested in getting a lot of attention the attention cost is lower still than the slower the the standard display in which media ads so everything is Frozen cons towards everything right so and I think that's very important we note right this is not the golden ticket to Paradise there are limits but again working with uh working with Publishers we do that in many many countries is that custom agreements and all these things is very important for us to to make this work so we will be sharing this afterwards and of course make sure to to give comments if there's anything yeah I think we're running a little bit behind schedule so maybe we can just quickly comment on this I don't know if you want to take it yet yeah of course yeah so this is the floating Gad so in this case uh this is an iOS case study so we have run this campaign in Kenya right so this was back to school campaign on local Publishers in Kenya right so yeah we have some cool feedback from the client but yeah let's maybe jump into the stats right so in this case we had 83 viewability right so in this case you know it depends on let's say users loading the site users quitting the site prematurely and things like that right so yeah so that's I would call this on a lower end right for for floating uh floating ads yeah but yeah it's still let's say 83 viewability is massive right so like 83 that's that's a lot right yeah the CTR was always also off the charts right so usually on floating ads whenever we don't have the transition let's say to the full screen takeover or any other dimensions right we have the if it's instant like it's the first thing you see we usually have a lot a lot a lot of CTR so let's say it's from three percent to eight percent investing yeah engagement rates so like it looks like you automatically only can click the ad but in this case user users can drag the ad around right and yeah we calculate that as engagement so basically the user has interacted with the ad and dragged it around the screen so yeah maybe let me take this one right what I suggest let's say so it wouldn't be like the only strategy for me is to run standard ads or the only strategy for me would be to run high impact ads right so I I what I always suggest to my clients right so the idea is to have it both ways right so that's that's a perfect let's say mix of reach um and basically getting the the most attention of high impact standing out and and in the market and things like that right so yeah how it usually works let's say we create the switch media right so in this case you see this yeah cool betting plane ad right so in this case it's a yeah yeah so in this case you can place a batch right I think a lot of people know this game and you can cash out whenever right and whenever we run this campaign let's say on open and rtb we also bought traffic for takeover and top scorer in the same market right so basically whenever the user sees the ads an open RGB he can interact and he sees the takeover on the local Publishers you can also interact and basically play this um addicting game I mean sorry in my eyes yeah creation process in a scheme in general right so how usually work is we help agencies create the concept right so basically we can bring some together or we can leave that to us completely and then we create a design right usually Brands already have let's say a proof design for the campaign then we can push that and let's say concept concept stage right and then you know design stage falls off right so we can think about let's say this we have like you know three objects so they will move like this this will change that and things like that right then we do the development so basically all of the optimization all of the coding we do that in-house right and then data so basically Gathering all of the data engagement time in view tension viewability all that right so we include everything into the ad and then we can safely launch the campaign with our let's say new solution in this case yeah and then the team that we currently have right so um as you work in the this creative studio right we have creative strategists um Innovation Engineers the guys who usually help you brainstorm right come up with new ideas and then we have designers and developers right so I think this this one is self-explanatory so developers are responsible for JavaScript writing the code doing Integrations apis things like that and designers are the ones who usually do the graphics of course right and then production Specialists are the people who bring the overall idea and connect all of the dots from the let's say creative strategy perspective of the designers and Developers yeah yeah and we have uh six open positions so please everyone go in and apply or send out your colleagues if you're if you're hiring so yeah or if you're looking to to help someone out we're we're we have six open positions in this team so really uh really good to see the traction on this and we're able to help a lot of our customers uh from from like from zero to to 100 so yes yeah thank you Phil for the a little pitch I'm just trying to help you right um I think I think that's that's always good so yes maybe we should go to the Q a and the questions we've received um I think there's a lot right so again if people have shot one time we will be sending out the recording afterwards both to those who participated and those who didn't but let's go through the Q a we will have we have time for that so let's start from both the chat questions and the questions questions um so we can start from the top so answered the question himself so that is awesome good initiatives okay so Ahmad asks what is the best moment to use these top ads is it suitable for for awareness or clicks yeah okay let me take this one um yeah so I think both um right so it receives huge chunks of awareness as this is the topic about attention right we're talking about let's say um General performance of the ads right so we can also make them as easy as possible to let's say click interact you know so it would it wouldn't have let's say five stages of we had this case of washing a car right so the user had to click five times to basically complete the process of course it will not have like that's a huge CTR right so but whenever the ad appears on top floating ad takes over the screen like it's the first thing the user sees and you know usually the clicks are I think a lot a lot higher right so as as a floating ad case study we I think it was six percent right which we showed even more so yeah yes to answer a question both Gibson Oscar the top and Mitch called at static images or video yeah so I'd say video static and let's say animated rich media right on interactive which media so like for you to imagine right it's the same let's say we have a 300 until 50. um simple Square ad right we can animate we can do the interactions we can do a lot of these things right so imagine this top scroll is a huge placement different not an open rtb one but it's a huge placement where we can animate it's it's a new canvas for us right where we can draw animate you know Place videos go nuts right yeah and it's the same for we have uh Kamala asking if it's the same for for fluid skins yeah yeah of course yeah Gibson has a very good question again like do we do we also have bottom scroll so how would that work bottom scroll yeah so what are we currently working on is uh double scroll so in it Rhymes the same yeah so the idea is we have like let's say this um mini top scroll at the top the user Scrolls and then he sees similar content but in the mid-scroll fashion yeah so it's a it's a huge again a huge chunk right which the user Scrolls like he gets the intro and he receives the mid scrub the bottom straw I think it's an excellent idea yeah and we should definitely good suggestion yeah good and then we also have nikonch asking what are the best admits at home match promote the content of Ott so it's a little bit outside the scope here but uh let's let's let's answer what we can here so what we have if you have any data on this or just a preferential thing we can also get back to the crunch afterwards uh sorry the question was what what are the best ad formats to promote content on uh Ott yeah yeah so I think let's maybe get back about this yeah I don't think I have the data on hand yeah yeah in a country if you could uh maybe let's get in touch I have I have my ways so we have and then babasi asking which of these high impacts is the most impactful right so that's a loaded question at least it it depends on the use case is is what I would say depends on what you're trying to achieve and I think Jeff also mentioned that using a combination of open RCB and high impacts and maybe even social media is probably the best way so how do we put that into the mix so I would put it into a mix again you're not limited to one high impact ad format per campaign right so you could run several um so I think that depends on if you're if your format if you're very much interested in in high viewability and attention like the top like the overlay is like there's no way around it right um so that would be for that impact but again we will be sharing the slide so you can actually see some of the pros and cons of the different formats afterwards yeah but maybe for my aunt I think maybe top Scrolls take over would be the highest yeah to be to be honest the audience at least at least that's that that's that's what I think they're visible right off the bat right like is that in your face yeah so let's see we have again fluid skin interactive yes they can be they can be everything so maybe go into the to the questions bar again search out which channels and AD formats are the best most performing for P2P product marketing at the moment that's also very big load of questions if I knew that I would probably not not be sitting here I would be out it's a very it's a very loaded question right yeah yeah so the the effective size let's say for reporting format right so since we tried to make it not intrusive right and look at night look look basically not spammy as you call it right so it has to be very nice fit well into the content in general somewhere in the bottom right so I think the overall size it would be 300 and 300 like tops and that's that's a big that's a big one but there are Pops that that would be that but yeah like depends on the campaign what kind of assets you have sometimes it does not fit right so yeah good I think we have some questions a little bit about sizes effective size for floating ad formats to promote ice cream so do we have any standards for floating ads that makes yeah sorry I apologies I I probably just answered this one but um as I mentioned previously um yeah so 300 and 300 is the best one right but yeah that's that's the max I would go yeah good let's see so we have a very good question from my house your platform different from Google AI solution creative like pricing metrics that is going to be a lot longer answer than we have time for here 10 maybe but I'll promise we'll follow up on it afterwards uh we'll have a problem with someone in your Market if it's very dependent on on Market as well so we'll have someone reach out afterwards if that's okay yeah and the pricing maybe I can come out a little bit for the creatives in general right so um we don't really charge for the creatives right it's usually included in the let's say media spend right so the creative development usually in most cases comes free to our clients so just to it is because it is a lot of work right it's not just plug and play there is a lot of we have front-end developers back-end developers but it's very custom when we do a lot of these high impact formats so but usually it's part of our packaging and normal pricing that you have access to Jeff and his team and that's one of the again the pros work with us versus uh with the scheme with Google ads right so a little bit more High service than TV 360. um and again as I said in the beginning with customer support our full service full stack like it's not necessarily only a self-service platform we also do fully managed uh platforms so you have two options either you do it do it yourself or we do it for you so that depends on the pricing here so yes let's see I can see one more question being loaded maybe we can take that as the last one and then we'll let people go on on their way for for lunch or for a walk or for actually launching some really cool campaigns no no please yes no I think that's it thanks for the time Jeff uh thanks everyone for participating as I said we'll send over the slides afterwards uh or at least the presentation uh technical uh technically that's done so thanks everyone for joining I appreciate the time you took and uh yeah if you want to know more about high impact ads for free to reach out to both Jeff and I on on LinkedIn or if you can find my email address or Jeff's uh maybe we'll we'll put put that into the comments afterwards mine should be just fine but otherwise feel free to connect we happy to to answer any questions afterwards yeah thank you guys perfect thank you guys have a great day next one bye-bye bye bye

- How Facebook Influences Your Buying Decisions with Neuromarketing: Kind: captions Language: en by the end of this video you'll be able to spot how Facebook uses neuromarketing to influence buyer decisions and how you can use it inside of your business I've been doing marketing for 10 years and we've helped businesses scale from zero to over eight figures using these neuromarketing tools and tactics that you're going to learn we heard what recently happened with censorship and Facebook and Mark Zuckerberg so I'm going to show you how Facebook changes your mind every day and I'm going to show you how they do it using neuromarketing all right let's hop into Facebook I'm actually going to screen share some of my stuff so let's pop into this um we're going to blur out some uh personal information in here but just looking at the layout of meta right and I know I use the dark version some people are haters other people love dark mode I love dark mode you can hate all you want actually you know what drop me inside of the comments down below are you a dark mode person or do you leave it bright white and just blare your eyes out the whole time so inside of meta what are some things that they do that are neuromarketing techniques to keep you on the page longer and to get you to engage more and there's a long history and we've actually covered this inside of one of the previous neuro insiders if you're not subscribed to that go down it's in the links you can subscribe there really fast but one of the things that they do is they follow what's called a capital f formation inside of their website design what do I mean by capital F formation so you can design websites in a million different ways but what Studies have shown is that there's A Z formation going top left top right bottom left bottom right that form a z for us that actually converts really well for keeping people's traffic and keeping the attention on the site the other method that people use is a capital f meaning that we have our long feed on the left and then it'll shoot over to the top left they'll come back down to the middle of the page and form this line right here and we'll actually edit this some post for you can see the line the next line coming up here to the right and then the middle to form this capital F right here you can actually kind of see it with the Grays being the same color this is all intentional it's harder to see a little bit on the white uh or the light mode of meta but when you're in here you can see it the other thing that they do is they know how to control the fold so this is an old newspaper term which is keeping things above the fold which is where the newspaper would actually fold on the back side of itself so that way it's prompting you to want to read and engage with the other side of the newspaper and get it to open up they were doing a lot of you know independent research when newspapers were out of what gets people to read more of it and they found that if you cut off part of the information people want to know more so they're going to hold and interact with the newspaper longer and therefore the newspaper stands could actually sell more papers to those individuals so you'll even notice this with some of the ads that they do and what loads first is that they don't show you the full first box or what's been posted they make you need to scroll and what does that do it starts the scrolling fingers whether you're on desktop or mobile to start to get you to scroll more and more and more this is all very intentional the other thing that it's going to do for you and I don't have any notifications pulled up now is that they're very good about resetting notifications for you even if it's a notification that came through a few weeks ago that's now prompting back up as a reminder or something new that you've posted the goal is to get you to look at your notifications because it's a dopamine reward pathway now dopamine kind of gets a weird stigma inside of Pop Culture now people are trying to reduce your dopamine load or cut dopamine out of your social media and people think of it as a reward pathway and while dopamine does hit a reward pathway it's more about the chase or the pursuit of that reward that is giving you the dopamine not actually just scrolling to give that and this is exactly what's happening right here when we look at the pursuit of seeing what's actually next on the page meta has been very clever in how they've reorganized over the last four to 5 years in their user interface to really integrate more of these tactics into their website few other things that they do inside of here and this is actually fairly recent which is where they're actually starting to lead with Tik Tock styled videos up first because what Facebook and Instagram and uh Twitter and all these other social media platforms are trying to do is they're now competing against a new cont content style that Tik Tok has really nailed down which is quick short form videos that have a lot of Engagement and not just from how many clicks or likes or uh comments but actually how the content is actually constructed Quick Clips hitting in different multi media styles different camera angles lots of color to get you highly highly engaged through novelty it's something new we don't know what's happening next and that's what's leading to that anticipation pathway with their content with the feedback back Loops that we see inside of here through liking and commenting are how they actually start to elevate your content through the ranking system so if you're looking to create content inside of meta specifically think about what would actually work well on Tik Tok and how those Quick Cuts or the different camera angles or the captions over the content are going to get you engaged get you highly motivated to want to watch the rest and then put that into Facebook but the key to this and Gary ve talks about this inside of day creting attention which is his newest book is that you have to change the context of who's the actual end consumer on meta compared to who's the end consumer on Tik Tok because those audiences are different and the context of the platform is different so even for this ad which is a very well done ad Quick Clips High color high contrast captions over top of it they're getting right into the heart of what this audience wants for an ad and it doesn't actually look like an ad which is where where we're seeing a lot of this creative start to transform into modern creative isn't looking like a stagnant image out of ogal v in Madison which is one of the most famous advertising and marketing agencies out there one of the things that they're actually seeing be really successful now on these platforms is AD creative that looks like standard organic posting because with their algorithm updates and how meta is adapting into really understanding highlevel audience their algorithm can almost run entirely without detailed targeting and they had to get there because of the iOS 14 update which kind of eliminated some of that know your customer and being able to harvest a lot of that data interior to their platform so when we're looking in here as well what makes up a good post it's funny Jason's actually a client of ours with Fairway Automotive so he doesn't know we're doing this I didn't know we're even doing this this is new to us but let's look through what's actually making this a strong post for them most businesses would love if they got you know close to 100 engagement 12 comments and four shares on their post especially if it's as something as mundane as an automotive shop and Jason and his team actually do a really good job of their social media so let's pop into some of this you can notice at the independent photos inside of here really don't get the bulk of the likes the engagements the comments and that's totally okay because what there after is more of the storytelling of what's going on inside of their business at this moment and it's keeping kind of that live pulse going of what's happening and it's not just selling nowhere in here are they selling an actual offer they're not putting the offer in here but just getting this attention is keeping Fairway Automotive top of mind for a lot of their customers and a lot of their followers see now it's switching me over into theirs so let's let's look at this and see some of their actual business right most businesses would never be able to get 158 engagement 24 comments 20 shares into their post so let's see kind of how Jason did it we were at this uh charity event with them out in uh St Louis a few weeks ago so $24,000 raised for needy Paw's rescue they're tying their brand to something super powerful and giving that emotional connection through contribution which is a dee rooted human need inside of psychology so they're tying their business to something that contributes back to the community this was the biggest fundraiser that we have ever had and we'll all go towards making sure that these rescues live a very prosperous life they're thanking the golf course and then they're getting all the businesses that help sponsor that event a tag inside of here knowing that these businesses want that content shared as well because it's Goodwill out there in the marketplace for not only Fairway but it's also good for all the other brands that are supportive inside of there then of course we get to layer in cute dogs animals are a really easy hack into getting more attention and more awareness same with babies there's actually been extensive studies around baby faces inside of marketing there's a reason that Gerber uses it there's a reason that a lot of other brands use baby's faces because it promotes youth longevity refreshment and all these different characteristics that we want to see out of a brand we don't want to see stale old Brands they're boring nobody likes them what we want to see is fun engagement highlevel content energy inside of there as well so let's pop into some of the comments cute dog face always going to win post to BU the uh animal rescue that they were there tagging with and enjoying the content for and just a ton of claps coming back to the business for doing something wonderful this is a super good and easy way for somebody to leverage this strategy for their business as well even inside of here you can see the same almost same thing right of people taking photos people having good time and all those photos one thing if I had to change this is I would go back through for all the people that were there and find a way to tag them so that way they had easy access into these photos because a lot of people out there would love to share this that they were at this event supporting a good cause but they probably don't know that their photo is actually up here really easy really quick fix that they could do to integrate and get more engagement on this post Okay so we've looked at a business example of being able to kind of Leverage meta to be able to gain brand awareness and do Goodwill out in the marketplace but for those of you that are maybe solopreneurs or you have a personal brand how are you actually leveraging meta using some neuromarketing principles and content creation to actually generate leads for your own business we're going to hop back into my screen here in just a second but something I want you to notice are the colors and how beel is actually creating content that is generating leads for her and generating engagement over and over and over again while speaking well to her primary audience I know beel she's an amazing human being if you need any type of branding help make sure you actually go check out beigel's content one you'll always get a good laugh and two you'll feel right at home because she is a wizard at what she does so let's hop back into this so beel is actually hosting a two-day event in September we go to her page we go to see her followers and who's following who and we actually see right here on her hero Banner image that she's got an event coming up super easy way very passive she's not having to do a hard sell because anytime you're interacting with belel or want to see what she's posting it's right here and I want you to notice something very specific that she did inside of this her brand colors between her profile photo and what are coming back are both purple purple and dark colors so purple is the color of royalty it's also the color of highlevel influence you'll see a lot of books use purple you'll see a lot of brands use purple and it's because it's a higher vibrational color inside of the color spectrum so while she could could have leaned into a hard black she didn't she used a full spectrum of purple and yellow which are two complimentary colors on the color wheel very highly branded and even inside of the co-host of this which is Taylor Welch a personal mentor of mine you'll notice it's very uniform across how she's done this one of the things that drives me absolutely insane as a quick side note is seeing all those big conferences where people have photos from 30 different speakers right and you're hoping to Leverage The Influence s all of those but the photo looks awful there's no branding there's no consistency it just looks cheap and very poorly done that was a quick side note hope I'm I'm sure you guys notice this too but let's get into beigel's content about how she actually leverages some neuromarketing principles around connecting with their audience and turning those into call to actions so people can actually get high Lev returns from posting on social so let's scroll through here okay so with beel owning a branding agency most people think of branding as just logos color spectrums and figuring out what your brand message is right she's done a phenomenal job of transitioning this into an emotional experience facts tell but stories sell and beel is a master at telling one or two sentence stories inside of her posts they're highly engaging they take up a big chunk of the screen because meta allows you to turn those one or two sentences into full image siiz posts which she's done a great job of my magical moments are when someone finds exactly how to describe what they offer in a powerful and succinct way so what does a branding agency do exactly this but it's not saying hey come come to my branding agency and download this PDF and we'll get started she's showing you the final outcome and what's a neuromarketing principle and a strong marketing principle in general called future pacing nobody wants to know all the hard work or all the steps that have to go into each individual thing they just want the final outcome and if you can show people the final outcome of what they get then they're more likely to buy because they can resonate and say ah I want that instead of oh I want to go through her 4our thing of how to actually get here that part of it doesn't matter as much that's internal to the business and should never really be customer focused if this was Fairway going back to our previous example they don't want to your customer doesn't want to know how how many times they turn to wrench or what the exact pressure on each uh nut or bolt has to be to make sure the engine fires perfectly they want to know that their car is going to run and be there for the next 40 50,000 mil without any issues beel does a phenomenal job inside of this post and while it may not have the most amount of interactions in it this post I guarantee you will generate her traffic and attention and customers coming back to her site she also does a great job of bringing in her lifestyle through this as well once again she's using the colors of complimentary which is native for Facebook inside of here let's go through this post real fast it takes an incredibly strong and giving person to hold space for someone else as they grow we've done this many many times over as you're starting to get in here inside of the comments you'll notice that she is still commenting even after she's posted it because she's expanding on the hook of her story to be able to go into those posts more and layer in more details and she's able to really get into the heart of what her customers are wanting her to do for them and this is if you scroll through her page I highly recommend that you go through and follow beel but she's really good at creating these hooks that are then pulling you into additional posts inside of that to be able to leverage that attention into generating more customers I guarantee you that everybody inside of her friends list knows exactly what beel does and how she does it and the reason is that one she's consistent two all of her messages tie back to either personal or branding life and she's able to turn that into a successful business through organic content so if you're struggling go reach out to beel for this specific thing because one she's a wizard and two you're going to learn a lot about being able to position your brand voice and leverage that into generating customers as well all right so we just went over all the pros around meta right but like everything good in life there's always some cons that come along with it to and one of the biggest cons that we're seeing unfold right in front of our eyes which we've all known is their dirty little secret is that meta is known for censoring people and that's kind of a bad reputation that Mark Zuckerberg is trying to fix right now uh there's a huge story going on around the 2020 elections and what the Biden Administration was trying to pressure around covid-19 and how all that played out well I'm not going to get into all the exact details of that there's a ton of Articles out there for you to go and consume that data what I want to go over is what meta can actually do in that negative for your brand so back in 2020 we actually had a Facebook group called neuromarketing blueprint that had over 20,000 subscribers into that group it was a great lead generation tool for us we were building a strong community and during that time we had one previous client and it only takes one that made false claims about our business and actually shut down the group because they submit sexual abuse reports in meta that were totally false and caused a lot of damage and during that time what we learned is so imperative not to build your business on a single stilt so just like a house on a beach if you built it on one single stilt and a big wave comes over what you're going to see is that the house is going to crumble and that was a hard Learning lesson for us and I don't want that to happen to you as well ultimately because meta is a free platform except for paying to play for for ads you actually are kind of at their Mercy for a lot of this so looking at how we're building marketing strategies if your business strategy right now for marketing and lead generation and customer acquisition is entirely built on one platform and if you have a big following all that can take as one client to Ripple that entire house that you've built down so when we're looking at building and diversifying making sure that you're not limited to just one platform for your customer acquisition your lead generation is extremely important so looking at platforms like circle is a good option Alex horos has come out with school which is another good option for you to look at as well being independent of One Singular platform for your audience while it does add additional work onto your plate for Community Development it actually allows you to kind of free yourself from the potential censorship that happens when you have a big platform like meta now they've promoted that they're a free speech platform not to the extent that tx's but we're starting to see this trend inside of social right now of freedom of speech from these private companies meta is a private company that can do whatever they want they're not a government organization so the fact that we're seeing these big people start to take a stand for First Amendment rights and making amends I think is a big push towards this Freedom now there's still certain neuromarketing techniques and certain copy techniques and certain marketing strategies that kind of give away when censorship is happening and that can happen through headline articles and how we're doing those and I'm actually going to produce a full list of those for you guys to read and recommend a book for you as well it's called trust me I'm lying by Ryan holiday it's 20 bucks on Amazon go grab it it'll save you a ton of time but one of the last chapters in there breaks down all the headline examples that you'll see these media manipulation and sensorship tools be used by and it's things like exclusive or uh Fresh Off the press or we got a source from so and so that said XYZ and he breaks down in each individual section how that censorship is actually happening and what that actually means is going on behind the scenes we're not going to get into all of it there's like 50 examples inside of there that you guys should definitely go read and consume if you're more interested in how these big Tech platforms are actually censoring and how you can start to avoid it or even jump in on some of those loopholes if you are more of a content producing company that needs to get around some of these tricky rules and regulations guys thanks for watching the video I actually have a video that we're going to tag and put the card right up here for um if you're still confused about what neuromarketing is and how to use it and what actually constitutes neuromarketing we did a really cool video a few weeks ago talking about the three pillars of neurom marketing and how to introduce them into your business make sure you go and watch that video we go super in depth into the people product and process side of neuromarketing so you can start implementing some of those strategies into your business today thanks guys and we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @037_Global: That’s something really interesting mate and yes I’m a dark mode person.

- What Neuromarketing Insights Can fMRI Provide? - Neurotech Insight Pro: Kind: captions Language: en What neuromarketing insights can fMRI provide? Imagine being able to see what happens inside a person's brain when they see your product or ad. That is what functional magnetic resonance imaging or fMRI makes possible. It measures blood flow in the brain, showing which areas become active during specific tasks or stimuli. In neuromarketing, this tool offers a direct look at how consumers respond to marketing messages, revealing reactions that traditional surveys might miss. Unlike asking people what they think, fMRI captures real-time brain activity even when people are unaware of their true feelings. This makes it a powerful way to understand the subconscious drivers behind buying decisions. One of the key benefits of fMRI is its ability to predict behavior. For example, if certain brain regions light up when someone looks at a product, it can suggest whether they are likely to buy it. Studies have shown that patterns of brain activity can forecast if a person will respond positively to an advertisement or if they will prefer one brand over another. This predictive aspect helps marketers fine-tune their campaigns before they go live, saving time and money. Marketers often use fMRI to test different commercials. By scanning viewers brains while they watch, they can see which ads trigger the strongest emotional or motivational responses. This helps identify the most effective messages to boost engagement. Similarly, concept testing with fMRI shows which ideas resonate most deeply with consumers, guiding campaign development. Branding is another area where fMRI provides valuable insights. By analyzing how the brain reacts to different brand elements, companies can create a neuro brand signature, a unique neural pattern linked to their brand. Tracking the signature over time reveals how marketing efforts influence consumer perceptions. Packaging design also benefits from fMRI as it can show which visual elements attract attention and encourage purchases. For example, bright colors or familiar imagery might activate specific brain areas associated with positive feelings or recognition. Some researchers combine fMRI with eye tracking to get a fuller picture. IT tracking shows where people look and for how long, while fMRI reveals how those visual cues affect brain activity. This combination helps marketers understand not just what catches the eye, but also what truly influences the mind. Following up neural scans with interviews adds context, helping explain why certain stimuli evoke specific reactions. In the broader field of brain mapping and diagnostics, fMRI's ability to visualize brain responses to marketing stimuli highlights how neurodenology extends beyond medicine. It offers a new way to understand consumer behavior on a neural level. While the technology is still costly and complex, ongoing improvements and decreasing costs could make fMRI more accessible in the future. This could lead to more personalized and effective marketing strategies tailored to how individual brains respond. Overall, fMRI provides a window into the subconscious mind, revealing what truly motivates consumers. It bridges the gap between observable actions and the neural processes behind them, offering insights that can shape smarter, more targeted marketing efforts. As neurodechnology advances, tools like fMRI will likely become even more important in understanding how the brain influences buying choices and brand loyalty.

- Unlocking the Secret of Your Brain: How Companies Use Neuromarketing to Sell More: Kind: captions Language: en hey there welcome to prodigrow today we're going to be talking about a fascinating topic neural marketing it's a relatively New Concept that involves companies studying our brains to figure out how to sell us more products so let's dive in and learn more about it a hundred years ago companies faced a problem people had everything they needed so they had to come up with new ways to convince people to buy more things today companies are using neural marketing to understand our brains and figure out what we truly want according to marketing professional Prince Kumon neuromarketing is like marketing on steroids by studying our brains companies can gain insight into what we really desire even if we don't know it ourselves traditional marketing research involves asking people what they want but that's not always accurate neural marketing goes Deeper by examining brain activity and other factors to gain a better understanding of our desires Technologies like Fury eggs eye tracking heart rate and skin conductance are used to measure brain activity attention and excitement for example in a study of Cheetos fritolay discovered that people enjoyed the feeling of getting their fingers messy with orange Cheetos dust even though they thought of it as a children's snack Frito-Lay capitalized on this insight and created a successful ad campaign around the concept of subversive pleasure however not all companies disclose that they're using neural marketing which can be seen as invasive by understanding our subconscious desires companies can create effective marketing campaigns and sell more products in conclusion neuromarketing is an essential tool for companies to understand how the human brain works and tailor their marketing accordingly although it may seem invasive It ultimately benefits both businesses and consumers we hope you found this video informative and enjoyable don't forget to like And subscribe to our channel for more exciting content like this

- Neuromarketing 2.0 & The Persuasion Engine: AI, Behavioral Science, Neuroscience and Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Brainfluence. I'm Roger Dooley. Today I want to share a few ideas from my new book, the Persuasion Engine, which Wiley just released. Don't worry, this isn't a book summary and it's not a commercial. What I want to talk about is a shift that I think every marketer, business owner and leader should be paying attention to right now. And here's the thing about this shift. It is not your customer. Your customers still make decisions the way they always have. Partly conscious, partly unconscious, partly rational, and mostly emotional. They still abandon shopping carts over things that seem trivial to you but feel risky to them. They still respond to social proof and scarcity and clarity and trust. And they still react badly when a company sends them something that's legally accurate but completely tone deaf. So the customer hasn't really changed. But the shift I'm talking about is actually made up of three major shifts, all happening at the same time. These shifts combine to create what I call Neuromarketing 2.0. First, the tools for understanding customers have become dramatically cheaper. Second, decades of behavioral science are now inside AI models you can talk to. Third, AI turned out to be surprisingly good at predicting how humans will feel about messages and policies, even though it obviously can't feel anything itself. For years, the most sophisticated tools for understanding customer behavior were available mostly to big companies. If you were a global brand, you could hire a neuromarketing firm, run eye tracking studies, bring in behavioral science consultants, maybe even set up your own internal nudge unit. If you were a small business, a non profit, a startup, or even a small operation inside a bigger company, your options were a lot more limited. You could read books. You could follow smart people online. You could try to remember what Cialdini said about social proof or what Kahneman said about fast and slow thinking. And all of that is useful. But there's a difference between knowing that behavioral science matters and being able to apply it to the landing page that isn't converting when you're on deadline for fixing it. That has been the bottleneck. The problem wasn't that persuasion psychology didn't work. The problem was access. Access to tools, access to expertise, and access to someone who could look at your message and say, here's how a real human is likely to respond to this. That access used to be scarce. Today it's becoming abundant. And that changes everything. Not because AI magically knows what your customers want. Not because cheap tools are as good as the best lab studies. But I'm sure you can identify with this for most everyday marketing decisions. The alternative to these new tools isn't some kind of gold standard research project. The alternative is usually guessing, or worse, a meeting where the loudest person wins or the boss just decides. And as we all know, that's not exactly science. So let me walk through three ways this bottleneck is disappearing. I'll go quickly through the first one, because for most of us, the bigger opportunities are in the second and third. First. Today, cheap tools deliver real insights. Classic neuromarketing was fascinating, but for most marketers, it just wasn't practical. If you wanted to do eye tracking, you needed a lab, special gear, recruited subjects, trained people to run the study, and enough budget to justify all of it. Biometric data, facial coding, same problem, specialized equipment, specialized expertise, real money. These tools weren't useless, far from it. They could reveal things customers couldn't tell you themselves. Which is really the whole point. People don't always know why they prefer one design or one offer over another. They'll give you an explanation, but the explanation might be incomplete or just wrong. That's where something like eye tracking comes in. It doesn't tell you everything, but it answers one very basic question. What did people actually see? And marketers underestimate how important that question is. You can have the perfect call to action, the ideal trust symbol, a powerful benefit right there on the page. But if people don't see it, it doesn't exist. Here's what changed. Eye tracking can now run on a webcam or a phone camera. AI eye tracking prediction tools can estimate where people are likely to look on a page or an ad or a package with a high degree of accuracy. And they can do this instantly, for less than the cost of a coffee. Some platforms analyze facial expressions through a standard webcam. Wearables and smartphones are opening up new ways to capture biometric signals outside a lab. Are these tools perfect? No. Would I use a cheap AI attention tool as the sole basis for a multi million dollar campaign? Probably not. But would I use one to compare three homepage designs before arguing about them in a meeting? Absolutely. Would I use one to check whether people are actually seeing the button, the price, the offer? Every time. Because again, the alternative usually isn't a six figure research study. The alternative is somebody saying "I like the blue one." And, maybe the blue one is fine, but we're making a choice. With no data, a tool doesn't have to be perfect to be useful. It just has to be better than guessing. Okay, that's the first shift. Eliminating the bottleneck tools getting cheaper. But the second and even bigger shift is that expertise is becoming more accessible. And this is where AI gets really interesting. Think for a moment about the body of persuasion literature. A marketer who wants to understand behavioral science can absolutely read the classics. And honestly, they should read at least some of them. Cialdini's Influence is a classic for a reason. Kahneman's Thinking Fast and Slow is one of the most important books ever written about how humans decide. But those two books alone are over a thousand pages. And those are just two of them. Ariely, Thaler, Berger, Sutherland, Shotton, Harhut, even my books now you have months of homework. And even if a busy marketer does read some of those books, how much will they remember six months later? More importantly, how much will they remember when they're on deadline trying to fix a landing page or write a compelling email subject line? That's the practical problem. We don't need persuasion knowledge in the abstract. We need it at the moment. It will make a difference. That's what AI changes. Used well, AI can become a kind of on demand behavioral science assistant. Not a replacement for real expertise, not an infallible authority, but a very useful second brain. You can hand it a landing page and ask where the friction is, where the motivation is weak, where you're relying too much on rational argument and missing the emotional hook. You can ask it to evaluate a message using Cialdini's principles, or check it for loss, aversion, anchoring, defaults, cognitive load. You can ask it to generate five versions of a headline, each using a different behavioral principle. And then this is the important part. Ask it to explain why each version might work. That explanation is often more valuable than the copy itself, because now you're not just getting text, you're getting a way to think. You're improving your own skill. Now imagine being able to put Cialdini, Kahneman and B.J. Fogg in a room together to look at your landing page. Throw in a conversion expert like my friends Peep Laja or Brian Massey. This isn't a metaphor. With leading AI models, you can do this in 30 seconds. Let me make this concrete with the smallest possible example. Let's say you have a button that says submit. That's a very common button label. It might be the default label in your own template. It's also not very motivating. Submit sounds like something you do on a tax form. So you ask AI give me 10 alternatives that reduce perceived effort and increase motivation without sounding hypey. And you might get things like, get my estimate, see my options, start my free analysis, show me the plan. Some of those will be wrong for your situation. Some will be too promotional, some won't fit your brand. But suddenly you're thinking about that button. From the customer's perspective, what does the customer get? How much effort does this imply? Does it feel risky? Or does it feel like the next easy step? That's behavioral science applied to a tiny bit of copy. And marketing is full of tiny pieces of copy. The world doesn't need more generic AI text. We've got plenty of that. What we need is psychologically smarter communication. And AI can help with that, especially when you ask it to critique before you create. That's a key distinction. So let me say it again. Critique before you create. Most people use AI by saying, write me an email. Sometimes that works. More often it produces something grammatical and bland. A better approach is to say, here's my draft. Analyze it from the customer's point of view. Where will they feel confused, skeptical, pressured, bored, or annoyed? That question changes everything. Now, AI isn't just a writing machine. It's a perspective machine. And perspective is one of the hardest things for marketers to hold onto, because we know too much. We know the product, we know the offer, we know the constraints, why the policy changed, why the form has those fields, why shipping is slower this month. The customer knows none of that. The customer only experiences what's in front of them. And if what's in front of them feels confusing or cold or unfair, your internal logic doesn't matter. This brings us to the third and most surprising shift. AI driven empathy. I know AI empathy sounds a little strange, maybe even ridiculous. But here's something that surprised even me when I was researching the book. AI models consistently score higher than average humans on standardized emotional intelligence tests. Blind evaluators rate AI written responses as more empathetic and understanding than responses written by real people. AI doesn't have feelings. It doesn't care about your customers. It doesn't wake up in the morning hoping to write a more emotionally intelligent return policy. But that doesn't mean AI can't help you identify how a message is going to land. In fact, this may be the single most useful application for AI in business communication, because companies are often terrible at empathy, not because people inside the company are bad people. Usually they aren't. The problem is that most customer communication gets written from the company's point of view. Operations weighs in. Legal weighs in. Finance weighs in. By the time the message goes out, it's accurate, it's approved, it's compliant. And it's completely devoid of human warmth. You've seen this kind of message a thousand times. "We regret any inconvenience." The customer hears. We know you're upset, but we're not really taking responsibility due to circumstances beyond our control. The customer hears, not our fault. "We appreciate your understanding." The customer hears, you don't actually have a choice, but we'd like you to be pleasant about it. A message can be factually correct and emotionally disastrous. This is where AI gets surprisingly helpful. You give it the context and the message and you ask things like what emotions is this likely to create in the reader? Where does it sound defensive? Where does it use corporate language instead of human language? What will an angry customer quote from this on social media? What I call the viral risk question. That last question is powerful because if there's one sentence in your customer communication, that that's likely to become the screenshot people share. You want to know that before you send it, not after. You can also flip it. How can we keep the same facts but make this sound more empathetic? How could we acknowledge the customer's frustration without over apologizing or creating legal risk? How can we make the next step clearer and easier? That's not manipulation or trickery. That's just better communication. And most organizations badly need it. Picture a situation that happens all the time. A company has to announce a policy change customers won't like. Fees are going up. A loyalty benefit is being reduced. Something that used to be included will now cost extra inside the company. The logic is probably sound. Costs really did go up. The old policy really wasn't sustainable. The team really did try to avoid this. But customers aren't in your planning meetings. They're reading the email and what they want to know is very simple. What happened? How does this affect me? Do you understand why I'm annoyed? What are you going to do to make this easier? Do I still trust you? Most corporate messages answer the first question, maybe the second, they fail on the rest. And that failure is expensive. It creates anger. It spikes support calls. It damages loyalty. It hands competitors an opening. It turns a manageable problem into a trust problem. AI can help you catch that. Not because it has feelings, but because it can analyze patterns in language and predict how different audiences might react. It can notice the gap between what your company intended and what your customer is actually going to experience. And it costs almost nothing. That is a really big deal. In the past, if you wanted that kind of feedback. You needed a communications consultant or crisis PR person, or a really perceptive colleague who has both a skill and the time. Now, for many messages, you can get a useful critique in 30 seconds. Not perfect, but useful. And the gap between not perfect and nothing is a big one. There's one more piece I want to mention because it ties everything together. A lot of persuasion isn't about pushing harder, it's about reducing resistance. This was a central idea in my book Friction, and it carries straight into this AI conversation. Marketers tend to think persuasion means adding more more benefits, more urgency, more claims, more influence triggers. Sometimes that's right. But often the better move is to remove the thing that's causing hesitation in the first place. Confusion. Uncertainty. Distrust. Effort. The fear of making a mistake. The feeling that the company doesn't understand me. AI is really good at helping you find these resistance points. You can ask it what objections a skeptical customer might have. You can ask what's unclear, what feels risky? What would make someone stop before clicking? Those questions are useful for sales copy, sure, but they apply to almost everything. A donation page, a renewal notice, an onboarding flow, a pitch deck, a customer apology. The same human brain is on the other end, and that brain has limited attention, avoids effort, scans before it reads, is sensitive to fairness, and really hates uncertainty. This is where behavioral science and empathy come together. Persuasion isn't just about getting someone to say yes. It's about understanding why they might say no, or do nothing, or get angry, or lose trust, and then designing the experience so the right action feels easier, clearer, safer, and more aligned with what they already care about. And in B2B, this is even more true. The book has a framework built around what sales expert Matt Dixon calls FOMU. Fear of messing up. Corporate buyers usually aren't paralyzed by missing out. They're paralyzed by the career risk of picking the wrong vendor. AI is genuinely useful for finding the FOMU triggers in your copy that you can't see. To wrap up, let me give you something concrete to try. Not as homework, just an experiment for the next time you have a message that actually matters. Take a customer email or a landing page, or a policy announcement, or a fundraising appeal. Something where the reaction matters. Paste it into the AI tool of your choice and give it the context. That part matters. Don't just say make this better. Say something like this is going to customers who expected one thing and are now being told something less favorable. Or this is a landing page for skeptical first time buyers and of course, even more context about your customers in the situation is even better. Then ask three questions. First, what emotion is this likely to create in the reader? Second, where does it create friction, confusion, distrust, or resistance? Third, how can it be rewritten to be clearer, more persuasive, and more empathetic without exaggerating or hiding the truth? That last phrase matters. Without exaggerating or hiding the truth. Good persuasion is not deception. Good persuasion helps people understand value, reduce uncertainty, make better decisions with less effort. Sometimes the AI response will be mediocre. Sometimes it'll be flat out wrong. Sometimes it'll suggest language that sounds too polished or too apologetic. That's fine. You're not looking for a final answer. You're looking for a better perspective. Even one useful observation can change the message. Maybe AI points out that you never actually apologized. Maybe it notices that the most important benefit is buried in the fourth paragraph. Maybe it flags that your tone is cheerful when the customer is likely to be annoyed. And any one of these could save you from a bad reaction, or improve conversion, or preserve trust you didn't realize you were damaging. That's the persuasion engine in action. Not magic, not mind control, not hype. Just better tools applied to real human behavior. I want to leave you with this. For a long time, the advantage in marketing was budget. Who could afford the research? Who could hire the experts? Who could bring in the consultants? That advantage is not going to disappear completely. Big companies will always have more resources. But a new advantage is emerging. And it's a different kind of advantage. It's the ability to ask better questions, to test more often, to use behavioral science in everyday work instead of just on big projects, to see a message from the customer's emotional point of view before you send it. The winners won't be the marketers who outsource their thinking to AI. The winners will be the marketers who use AI to think better. The persuasion bottleneck is going away. And the future doesn't belong only to the companies with the biggest budgets. It belongs to the marketers who understand people, ask better questions, use these new tools wisely, and never forget, there's a real human being on the other side of every click, every purchase, every complaint, every reply. That's the opportunity. And honestly, I think it's a very big one if any of this resonated with you. There's a lot more in the persuasion engine, including specific frameworks, prompts and examples for putting all of this into practice. But even if you never read the book, try what I suggested. Take one message that matters. Run it through that three question audit, see what you find. I would genuinely love to hear what you find out. I'm Roger Dooley. Thanks for tuning in.

  Top Comments:
  1. @pontusosterlin1966: This is gold. Pure gold. Thank you 🙏

- Why People Buy Luxury Brands?: Kind: captions Language: en why would someone spend $10,000 on a handbag when a $50 one is the same job what is it about luxury brands that makes them so irresistible is it status quality or something deeper today we'll dive into the fascinating psychology behind why people buy luxury Brands and the answers might just surprise you the Allure of status first let's address the elephant in the room status luxury brands are more than just products they're a badge of success when someone buys a Rolex or drives a Ferrari it's not just about the product it's a silent announcement to the world I've made it psychologists call this conspicuous consumption buying expensive things to display wealth and status this concept has been around for centuries but luxury brands have perfected the art of making people feel like they belong to an elite club think about it when was the last time you saw someone post a picture of their new designer bag on Instagram was it about the bag or the message behind it the promise of quality next let's talk about quality luxury Brands often justify their high price tags with exceptional craftsmanship and materials a Chanel handbag isn't just a bag it's the result of hours of meticulous work by skilled Artisans a patch Philip watch isn't just a Time piece it's a legacy fun fact did you know it takes over 200 hours to handcraft a single Aires birken bag but here's the twist while quality matters it's not the main reason people buy luxury Brands if it were wouldn't everyone prioritize quality over logos emotional connection and identity here's where things get personal luxury Brands aren't just selling products they're selling emotions when you buy a Louis Vuitton bag you're not just buying leather and Hardware you're buying the feeling of prestige exclusivity and yes even happiness these these Brands understand that we don't make purchases based solely on logic we buy based on how it makes us feel owning a luxury item is like owning a piece of a dream a symbol of who we aspire to be in fact when you buy luxury are you really buying the product or the lifestyle it represents scarcity and exclusivity here's a genius strategy luxury brands use scarcity by making their products limited or hard to get they create a sense of urgency and exclusivity why do you think Aires bags have yearslong waiting lists or why certain sneakers sell out in minutes the harder it is to get the more we want it this is called the scarcity principle this psychological trick makes you feel like owning that item puts you in a rare elite group and in today's world exclusivity is power aspiration and fomo social media has Amplified our obsession with luxury seeing influencers unbox the latest Gucci belt or Dior perfume creates fomo fear of missing out and Brands know this luxury Brands spin billions on influencer marketing each year they're no longer just targeting the ultr rich they're creating affordable entrylevel items like perfumes or belts so even those on a budget can experience the brand it's the gateway to aspiration think about it how many people buy luxury because they love the product and how many buy it because they want to belong the power of branding finally let's talk about branding luxury Brands spend years building their Mystique they invest in exclusive storefronts celebrity endorsements and iconic logos that are instantly recognizable fun fact the lvmh group owns over 75 luxury Brands dominating the market globally these Brands don't just sell products they create experiences walking into a lwis vuon store feels different because they've mastered the art of making you feel special when you buy luxury you're buying into this carefully curated world it's not about what you need it's about what you want to feel so why do people buy luxury Brands it's not just about the product it's about status quality emotion exclusivity aspiration and branding luxury isn't just a purchase it's an experience and for many that feeling is worth every penny the question isn't whether luxury is worth it the question is what does luxury mean to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @wustafa1771: silent hahahahaha

- Head of Tmall Luxury Division on Chinese Luxury Consumers' Shopping Habits: Kind: captions Language: en according to a research forecast china will become the world's largest luxury market in 2025 by then chinese consumers will become the most important consumer group for all the luxury industry timo luxury pavilion is where hundreds of luxury brands hosted there at the consumer flagship store and it is also the go-to destination for chinese consumer to shop luxury products from all over the world every year we have millions of customers who shop on team luxury pavilions that is why we have very unique insights of chinese consumers characteristics the general academics of chinese luxury consumers are mobile only online first and they are extremely digital savvy they make sure they're always connected to the current events and always looking for the latest trends but then the chinese luxury consumers are not homogeneous we have divided them into two major groups [Music] the first group is the generation y these groups are 70 female at age between late 20 and mid 30s usually marry with kids or kids they are the heavy luxury shoppers that come to our platforms on average every one out of four days averagely spending nearly 30 000 rmb and then they also are very interested in what are the latest products or latest events offered from our platform and our brand partners that is why on luxury pavilion channels we feature new events new products new trends and new experience and there also very importantly they enjoy the services being provided by the brand's official this experience also includes post-cell service that they can also enjoy digitally coming right behind the gmy is a gen z this group of customers are in the early 20s of course female are still majority however we're very happy to see mail are also picking up rapidly they're enthusiastic about learning the luxuries products and brands have grown significantly these group of customers have become the most rapid growth customer group on timor luxury pavilion so the gen z were born with mobiles to appeal to this group of customers we have developed a lot of very unique features including 3d product displays across different product categories or they can do ar or vr try on or for these latest items so the younger customers are culturally confident to appeal to these group customers a lot of brands are also launching china-specific collections for example for the year of tiger a lot of these new campaigns are launched on two more luxury pavilions which we see enormous feedbacks from this group of customers chinese generation y and generation z's are powering the future of china's luxury markets with technologies and services timo luxury pavilions remains as a prime partner of global luxury brands to create new and beyond luxury experiences to all the chinese consumers

- Why Everyone is Sick of Luxury Brands: Kind: captions Language: en this is Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flatb in 2019 it was priced at $5,800 but in 2025 they're selling it for $10,800 that's an 86% increase now before you jump to the obvious it's not just CU of inflation you think I brought you all the way to Fifth Avenue to talk about inflation uh-uh luxury Brands like Chanel King and lvmh used to have it all in the bag raising prices annually and still seeing huge demand in sales but in 2025 they're clutching their pearls and feeling an emptiness in their designer wallets the luxury industry lost 50 million consumers in the past 2 years and only onethird of the luxury goods industry is actually growing but with at least 58 million households around the world making over $1 million in 2023 there are plenty of people who can afford these products so why aren't they buying I sifted through years of luxury brand sales data and product price histories researched the global luxury market and spoke with a fashion industry expert to find out what I learned is that there's not a simple ironed out answer but there are a few reasons why these luxury brands are falling most of which were completely avoidable okay we all know supply and demand right as Supply goes up demand goes down and typically so do prices and vice versa that's all I got in my econ class but historically luxury goods turn that equation on its head this is thorstein Vin an American Economist who invented what's known as the velin good Goods curve his curve shows that as prices increase demand increases and that sounds delusional but in the world of luxury handbags and fashion it's right on the money see Vin Goods consumers appreciate the high price instead of a detraction it's seen as a worthwhile premium to ensure that the goods are rare and high quality that's what keeps them buying and luxury fashion sales AKA any wearable luxury goods have been steadily increasing for the most part with just a few speed bumps that you might have heard of the 2008 recession and Co but after that initial covid slowdown everything picked right back up analysts chock this up to Revenge spending which usually happens after a major economic event First Co happened and consumer spending declined then household savings went up over time and lastly with the economy recovering and a whole lot of disposable income saved up not to mention a whole lot of trauma and boredom consumers were buying willy-nilly AKA Revenge spending as a result of that spending the demand for these Goods rebounded in 2021 and then soared there was that hole nobody can leave their houses and usually what people did was they bought stuff online they bought a lot of stuff and this time luxury goods did behave like you'd expect on a typical supply and demand curve when demand shot up retailers raised their prices but after demand stabilized in 2021 there was an unprecedented increase in the price of luxury fashion so being put off by this consumers slowed their spending in the US and another essential luxury Market China there are several factors at play here all of which help explain why the luxury brand Market looks so torn up today first coming out of covid consumer spending habits changed in the US young consumers led the charge in buying secondhand goods and that movement although tough to attribute to just one thing was likely a combo of a shift to sustainable fashion cheaper clothes and sometimes higher quality AKA vintage you know the kids love it in 2023 the secondhand luxury Market hit $47 billion up 4% from 2022 largely thanks to gen Z second this generational shift is global with Chinese consumers spending Less on popular luxury Brands as Business Insider reports young Chinese consumers are opting for local Niche and independent luxury firms that offer unique and authentic products and third shifting cultural norms encouraged by the Chinese government styed the luxury Market luxury shaming is rampant in China as the government cracks down on flashy luxury billboard ads and bans luxury influencers from its social media platforms all in an effort to steer the Chinese people back to a more communist low consumption Society but all of this is a result of the biggest problem plaguing luxury Brands today and it's a problem that luxury Brands created for themselves so we touched on this before but just to add some gritty detail luxury Brands usually raise prices at Double the rate of inflation annually so pre- pandemic when inflation boun bounced around 2% luxury Brands increase their prices by about 5 to 7% every year however from 2019 to 2024 average prices of luxury goods increased by 61% in the US take this Canada Goose parka right in 2019 it sold for $995 in the US but from then to 2024 it surged 66% to $1,650 yeah that'll keep you warm in the winter earning your money in bag world the cost of Prada's popular Galleria safian bag increased 111% and Chanel's medium 2.55 leather flat bag that I mentioned earlier went from about $ 5800 to $10,800 in 86% increase and usually when you increase prices so dramatically it has to do with you know Innovation or boosted quality neither of which happened for these Brands let's take Louis Vuitton for example they've released many new products but when you think of the brand you probably think of that classic LV monogram design know the brown with the LVS everywhere you know the one here's the no way bag released in 1932 now here's the Never full bag from 2007 the pette matif from 2013 the multiple Chet accesso from 2019 and an iPhone 16 Pro Max case from 2024 I can pronounce that one yeah same classic monogram art iconic sure the more you want to tell people that you have made it the more likely you are to want to wear a logo somewhere that says I have arrived and this isn't to say that LV didn't release other products outside their monogram line but over time that extreme logo loudness from Louis Vuitton and others likely brought on some as Michael Kors called it during New York Fashion Week brand fatigue of course the counterfit market also didn't really help the situation however these Brands putting out the same iconic designs for many years is one thing but combining that with a dip in quality well that's a good way to tank your brand value the flap wasn't even the lining stitching they were not aligned this is definitely a quality control Miss by Rolex at the first glance it's too much plastic finish on it Chanel Michael Kors Louis Vuitton these Brands and more underd delivered on their Promises of high quality Innovation and craftsmanship and when Gen Z caught win that Innovation and quality were taking a faux leather back seat to insane price gouging they looked elsewhere of course they started going vintage they also took their money to smaller more Boutique Brands and stores for example merari a japan-based secondhand fashion seller app is in a seemingly NeverEnding growth pattern in 2023 just under 70% of Mar's around $6.4 billion of gross merchandise value came from the United States but even some brands that sell new products are picking up steam take the row founded by Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen you know the ones you heard that right in 2008 according to mean Boulevard the rose boom in popularity comes from its dedication to quality practicality and quiet fashion with no flashy logos and an emphasis on minimalism Prana also dipped into this small fashion business surge with its own sister brand called Mumu which helped the company's sales grow 18% in Q3 of 20124 sales for Mumu also grew 105% right now Mumu is doing very well if you have a Mumu like it can be a basic cardigan and if it's got the little Mumu logo that has a lot of pull right now but Gucci is doing very badly muumuu founded in 1992 has always targeted younger consumers as a trendy and affordable Prada alternative but now it's really paying off for Prada group and Mumu is just one of the brands revolutionizing the fashion industry for the rest we've created a list of 10 small high grossing fashion brands that are stealing the market share away from the big players in this list you'll find out who these brands are and how they've built lucrative cult-like followings without traditional luxury brand marketing tactics so if you want to know where the fashion industry is going and how these trendy brands are winning over customers check out the link in our description so yeah smaller brands are cleaning up right now but that doesn't mean all the luxury Giants are down for the count hermes's 2024 was very different from its competitors the French company earned over billion in the first three quarters of 2024 and that's up 14% from 2023 and they grew 7% in Asia excluding Japan the reason for this is simply because they don't sell a lot on purpose this could be a whole video in of itself but the company operates like its products are scarce they don't resign to usual Trends or seasons and they don't just want to sell you a product you have to work for it please just take a look at this redit thread getting Ares birken bag has turned into a game a game that you will never win a game that I will never play but aside from hunting down $60,000 handbags the upper class has found other ways to indulge in the luxury Market a form of travel that's gained tons of traction recently is renting Your Own Private Island the price ranges from $50,000 to $1 million per night and includes personal chefs and staff you will not be winning that on Wheel of Fortune anytime soon let me tell you and in Switzerland this Glacier Express VIP train with Scenic views of the Alps is consistently sold out at $540 a ticket luxury money is kind of like matter and energy it can't be created or destroyed the true luxury consumers are just figuring out what they want to do with their a lot of money now people got money they got dough they're just fed up with big luxury fashion brands so yeah there are some exceptions here but most luxury brands are in trouble and probably panicking but instead of toning things down for the very mindful very demure jenz consumer it seems that luxury brands are leaning into luxury experiences all in hopes is they'll get Shoppers back on the sales floor break out into an evil laugh and say everybody wants this everybody wants to be us and if you want more more stories about missteps Major Brands have made check out this video on how one decision tanked Southwest Airlines and if you can't get enough hustle be with us every day by subscribing to the hustle daily newsletter and getting deep Dives and updates like this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheHustleChannel [35 likes]: 10 Brands Emerging in Luxury Fashion: https://clickhubspot.com/bwyi
  2. @cottonuwu3167 [1 likes]: The answer is simple, you said at the beggining "theres enough rich people to buy this" problem is that, thats not their target audience, usually middle to low income people are the ones buying this😂
  3. @Hugo789-b4y: There not sick of Luxury brands they just need a change
  4. @1mouseman: Nothing says “sold my ebt card for cash” louder than a luxury brand.
  5. @TheRetiredEmployee: Supply goes up, demand goes down. LOL. What econs you learnt from? University of Bangladesh?
  6. @Daisysdad-e9x: No one wants to be seen in logos anymore. Tacky. Gawdy. Bad taste. Cheap.
  7. @ThanhPham-ic8bw: i have the money to buy them. but i prefer to look for quality and unique bags that not everyone own. sadly its hard to find brands these days that do that
  8. @TildaBergmann: Interesting video! I like watching content like yours🥰 @IlonaCallsLuxury has similar videos too about luxury industry
  9. @elizabethasphodel6020: This is why Hermes is different, yes its expensive, but its all ethically produced. They dont try to cut costs
  10. @caiofiuzaseixas9027: And im all hete for it
  11. @rhyscooper3693: The fashion industry is so out of touch. Even talking about it in this way like "there's plenty of money to go around", meanwhile people die due to the price of insulin.
  12. @whatevermynameis2852: Just buy replicas 🤣
  13. @v_stands_for_value124: They sell garbage, that's it
  14. @lavieestunsonge4541: Most luxury brands (as an avid shopper) have taken a huge downturn in quality and style. Many of the fashion houses now cater to the “streetwear” demographic. Why pay premium prices for outfits that look like they were bought at Marshall’s and Ross? Many of the items are made using synthetic materials and the handbags with all the logos on them are canvas and not great quality leather. You’re better off going to a leather maker and having personalized items that are tailored to your wants and needs at the price point. I also can’t stand the nonsense of waiting in a queue to get into a store, like a ridiculous nightclub. If I see a queue, I will not give them my business. Any brand who has staff that look down at me, or any other patron for that matter, will never get my business. We don’t need you, you need us, the shopper, to survive.
  15. @cheffington999: I will pay big money for a high quality product. Not a brand.
  16. @nasnora: Gucci is no longer a luxury, sadly
  17. @Bst-be1eu: 1:20  that’s not how supply and demand works. The 2 lines are independent, but the intersection determines the price. Also, luxury goods DO fit the law of supply and demand, if the supply is low but the demand is high, the price will be high.
  18. @iamsteve121: My 90s clothes are still kicking it, quality wise
  19. @jackx410: Luxury brands could reverse all this if they just stopped pushing trash quality products and expecting consumers to pay super premiums. Vintage goods often have higher quality relative to newer products hence their popularity.
  20. @priyamagarwal: Luxury was always exclusive and a tad bit mysterious. Simply out of reach. By making videos about it from Arctic to Altantic, and hence overexposing it— their basic premise is lost. GenZ behaviour isn’t helping . If they need to come back to life, they need to go away from the mass market where luxury would really thrive 😊

- 9 Emotional Triggers That Get Sales On Shopify (Guaranteed): Kind: captions Language: en If you think that a discount is going to incentivize someone to buy your products, then you're dead wrong. There are nine emotional triggers that you need to hit for your customers to buy. And if you hit them at the right time in the purchasing journey, then they're going to buy. And if you don't, then running your online store is going to feel like pushing uphill. So, Silvia, why do most Shopify stores fail to convert customers to buy even when their product's actually good? >> I find that a lot of business owners, they really focus on the product. We call it inside out. Like, of course, you know, having a great great product is a good start. But then, if you forget to market that and forget to create desire for the product, nothing is going to happen. You might have the best product out there, but nobody's going to know about that. And so, I think the number one thing to remember is that it's your job as a business owner to create that desire. The desire doesn't isn't just going to happen. It's not somehow magically out there. Like, it's your job to create a desire to get people to say, "Yes, I really want this. This is really really great." And it's so valuable that it's worth for me to pull out of my wallet and buy now. Yeah, so it's kind of like a shift has to happen inside someone's mind before they buy. So, what is that emotional shift? Let's just dive into it a bit deeper. What's the emotional shift that has to happen in the minds before they move forward? Yeah, that's a great question. So, think about it kind of like a lever, right? And think about it like, you know, here on one hand it's the value and here on the other side is the price. And so, that value, obviously, that equation needs to be the value needs to be far high up uh versus the price. But that doesn't mean discounting. That means the other way around, increasing the emotional value. And I think it was ExactTarget who said who was the first one to actually research and conclude that people buy with emotions and only justify with logic. And I think this is extremely powerful and so underestimated by most business owners out there that you've got to elevate that emotion and create that connection that yes, I want that and the justification of the features benefits, you know, the price all of them. That's just confirms those choices the choice that they've already made that yes, I'm a smart person. I'm making this choice, but really I've already decided because what I saw here my emotions just went, you know, all like yeah. And so to get someone to the store there's some things that have to happen. What are the emotional triggers that have to happen before they even get to the store? Yeah, great question. So essentially out of the nine emotional triggers, we talk about four emotional triggers before they get to the store for emotional triggers on the product page and then one emotional trigger complete to complete this transaction that's really just get out of the way the last one. So before they even get to the store, first of all, you need to get them interested like that's the first emotional trigger to like be enough like ah, what was that? Hey, so just remember that most of the planet although they claim how busy they are and how stressed they are and all of these things, most of the planet is doom scrolling for about four and a half hours per day. Crazy, right? And so imagine that somebody has been doom scrolling for this long time, what do you need to put in front of them to really get interested like that's the first emotional trigger to really stop that scroll. It's It sounds basic, but that's what it is, right? Like get them interested enough. The second emotional trigger is for them to understand what they see in the piece of content is really so much better than what they're having right now. So most business owners don't realize that your customer is already having some sort of a version of the product that you have or some sort of remedy to whatever pain they are experiencing, but what you are offering your product needs to be a complete replacement of that. It's not like in addition because in addition it's that, you know, it's that perception low perception value, but it's that replacement that's going to create a high perception value. I've heard it described as being an improvement offer or a replacement offer. >> Yes. >> something that's just a little bit better. They want to replace the whole thing. >> Exactly. It needs to be so much better. And the best way to convey that emotion is of course through images and video, right? Because e-commerce is a visual experience. >> visual experience. You cannot touch, you cannot smell, you cannot, you know, compare side by side, all of these things. So, we've got to trigger that emotion visually. And it works in the senses all of that stuff. So, third one, before they get to the page, it's like, you need to see yourself in it. So, you need to confirm, the customer needs to confirm, "Oh, it's for me." Because how many times have I seen incredible pieces of creative that I could see how this would work for others, but I would be like, "But this is not for me." Can't imagine using the product myself in my own context. >> Exactly. In my situation, in my context, you know, they're trying to target somebody who is, you know, different to me. >> Mhm. Uh could be, you know, somebody older, younger, somebody smarter, somebody bigger, somebody smaller, you know, whatever that is. >> Different identity. A completely different identity, yeah. And at that point, I can appreciate the ad, and it can stop my scroll, but I'm not going to see myself in there, therefore the emotional value is just not going to be there. Yeah. Um and the fourth one, and that's really just once these three, once you hit these three, the fourth one just happens automatically. So, it's kind of like a domino. It's like, "Yes, What is it? >> I want it. Click." And that's the one. Like, "Yes, I want to click." And so, these four happen before they even get to your product page. Okay, amazing. That's really important to get them there. Yeah, because if you don't get them there, like, then you might have the best product page, the best product out there. It might be the best, you know, product market fit at the best value, but you And never sees the light of day. Exactly. So, let's assume that we hit those four emotions, and we get them to the page. What has to happen on the page? What are the triggers of the emotions that need to be fired in order to get someone to move and add to cart. Exactly. Great question. And And I love how you said to move because this is what so many business owners don't realize that getting somebody to pull out their credit card and buy It's effort. It's getting them move from from here, you're moving them over here. And so that presupposes a certain type of energy, right? >> Mhm. Yes. And we want Yeah, and we want to be like action. Let's go. And so the first thing to get them moving forward it's to really match that high energy experience that they had before they even got to the page. So if you show them like, "Hey, right now you are here, but this is what you're going to be achieving with my product, whether it's ambience, whether it's, you know, improvement of their skin, whether it's, um, you know, improvement of their hair, like a complete transformation of their hair. Total refreshment. Total refreshment of their home, whatever that could be total refreshment of their of their person of the person, whatever that is. It needs to be like, "Hey, you're here." It needs to be like, this this high. And so when they get to that page, you just need to match that. I've seen so many business owners who put incredible effort and work into the creative, but then they're like, "I just ran out of time and I just uploaded one picture and that one picture is enough." But that's when you start having abandoned carts because then they add to the cart and then they see like, "Okay, what's the price?" They're still waiting for more cuz the creative was so bloody good. Yes. But then they going to do what? I didn't get any more information, so I'm going to go on Google and I'll start researching. And first thing you're going to see is, you know, cheap competitors like Temu and Alibaba and Shein and whatever or Shein, whatever they are called. You will see them in the Google thing and in the top up and customers will not know the difference because you've let them down. So the first very first thing when they get to your product page, it's match that experience through the visual images. Yes, they got excited, we need to keep that excitement high. >> high. High. And also give them through the images, not just when I say more information in the text. Like yes, text is important, we're going to get there, but get them that a deep level of information and high energy through the images. So, like, you know, if you've got 30 images, oh, I've got 30 images, but it's just the same image just a little bit different distance, it's doesn't answer the questions. >> Yeah. So, like, think about what are the main objections, what are the main questions customers have about your product, and convey the answer through the image, cuz it's typically it's very easy to do, it's just people don't know what those questions are. Yeah. And these are normally specific questions, like, is this dress see-through? So, you show, no, it's not see-through. You know, how many hours does the candle last? Well, you know, burns up to, I don't know, 35 hours or whatever. It sounds simple, but they need different angles, too, right? Showing the product from different perspectives and showing it in use as well. >> and the close-up, and once again, remember the touch. Touch, smell, feel, so important. So, just person touching your product with a versus product being on its own, a person touching your product, just seeing the hand already creates an emotional trigger and a feeling which product on its own wouldn't have. Yes. That's on the product page. Yes. So, on the product page, we've got the high emotion, and then we start getting into what we call logic, and I'm saying logic because it's not really logic. It's still very high emotion, but pretending to be logic so that we feel good again about the smart decision we are making. And that's trust. Okay, like, now I love this product, I want this product, but now I need to trust that I'm making the right decision. And how we going to convey trust? Very simple, through reviews. So, that's when they need to understand, okay, these are reviews, these are people who have bought and they're just like me and they you know, uh purchased this product and they were very happy about that. It makes us feel safe and good that someone like me bought the thing and they liked it and it's that that uh takes away the fear out of me buying it. >> Exactly. And we do want to have a little sprinkle of fear, but that's not just now. It's not just yet. Next thing we want to get from the product page, it's like, "Oh my god, this is great value." What is great value? Great value is nothing else, just the perception of the price of the product is so much higher than the price we're charging. That's it. Yes. Guys, it doesn't mean discounting, like Yes. >> if you're going to discount, if you're going to have sell something cheap, you're just going to get cheap customers. You don't want that. Instead, you want to have those triggers so high that you're like, "You know what, but this is worth it." And it's not just worth it, the perception of the price in my head was so much higher than when I think something should be priced already emotionally at hundreds uh $75, but it's only going to be 125, then I think it's a great value. Yes. And that's that's what that comparison is. And then the last thing is a smidget or a small sprinkle of fear. And this one is simple, it's like fear of missing out. Um and now I'm talking about like genuine urgency and scarcity, genuine. >> Yes. So, you know, most small brands out there, they want to pretend that they're a big brand and so they don't communicate that, you know, we only ever have seven of stock in stock of this. >> batch, we're making the batch this week. >> Yeah, or if you're not going to order by now, you know, then we because it's custom made, for example, then we're not going to start producing the next batch until, you know, blah blah and then it takes takes seven weeks in production or whatever. >> it in time for the holidays, the holidays are coming up. There's a deadline. This is the time you have to order by in order to get it, I don't know, by Easter or whatever. Yeah, amazing. Great. So, with all of that, where do discounts and the tricks like the conversion rate tricks like pop-ups and the apps and different things, how does it all fit in? Because I see a lot of entrepreneurs, they spend a lot of time on that stuff, figuring out what the discount, what the burger, what the and then how those things are going to pop up, but that's not really the the core of it. So, how do they fit in? I find that people use them because they've seen other businesses use them and they either think that they're successful or they know they're successful, so they use them, but because they don't understand the psychology behind that and what it actually needs to convey, they just mechanically model that. >> Mhm. Yes. >> And when you mechanically model that, then, you know, it's going to feel salesy. So, if your product page has ever felt salesy, now you know why. It's going to feel tacky and it's going to feel off-brand. And what does off-brand means? When it feels off-brand, it ingenuously gives you the feeling of cheap. So, then people start panicking and it's like, "Oh my god, you know, they're not people are not buying these and they told me it's not worth it because they can get something cheaper in Walmart." So, then you start discounting, but you haven't studied your business to compete with Walmart, yeah? That's obvious. Because you wouldn't make money that way because you don't have those finances and the backing and the network and, you know, the >> The scale, all of those things. And so, I'm all for using pop-ups and I'm all for using apps and and, you know, plugins, but just understand like what you want to achieve first versus starting from like something else cuz then you're going to get a completely different outcome. Like, the example I'd like to use is often when we talk about my dad, right? So, like my dad is very low chunk and he was getting his first smartphone few years ago and he was like, "But I don't want the phone that doesn't have the buttons. Like, I it's going to be problematic for me, you know, just have touch screen. So, I'm need to find a phone that, you know, has the proper clicking buttons. Well, then of course, you end up with a really bad device cuz you started with the wrong outcome in mind. So, always ask like what is the outcome that I'm trying to achieve? If I'm trying to achieve to get these people to check out and buy it right now and to see me as a premium brand and come back over and over again and buy something premium because that's how I'm portraying that, then you're going to install completely different apps and pop-ups and and widgets versus like let me just mold these guys and, you know, do it on a cheap. >> I love that. Know the outcome before you go and look at all the tools. It's like buying all the wrong ingredients for the recipe before you know what you're even going to be making. Exactly. >> it. So, on that note, how can store owners be more intentional about designing the page to hit those emotional triggers rather than just random stuff on the store? Good question. So, my first thought is like what is it that your customer wants? What is it that they desire? And a lot of business owners like, well, I don't know. But you might think you don't know, but you do know because you started to sell your product in the first place. Most business owners I know fell in love with their products and are in love with their products, whether they manufacture them or make them or they patented them or even if they just resell them like >> Yeah, or curate them. >> Or curate them. Like they love their products. And so, just understand what about it do you love and what was the reason why you thought, you know what, this would be a great great idea because in 99% it's not a logical decision. There was some emotional drive. Mhm. And so, understanding what that is for the customer, what is the end goal, the outcome for the customer, and then looking at the features and benefits of the product that helps your customer get there, I would say that's the first start cuz that's going to lead you on the path of creating the right images and creating the right content and structuring the page in a way that really hits the emotional triggers rather than just, you know, Amazing. And so, we talked about nine emotional triggers. But, if you had to pick just three to like dramatically shift your conversions tomorrow, what would be the three that you would start with and and why? As we said, like first first four off page, then four on your product page, then one just get out of the way. If you're not going to get those four right, The first four. The first four, you're not getting anybody to your product page. However, if you get all four right, and then product page is a letdown, there are no conversions. So, we want to go kind of a little bit more heavy on the content side. And I would say hit those first three on the content side. Like, really make it clear that it stops the scroll, that they see, you know, this is where you are right now, and this is where we're going to get you with the product, and then I can see myself in it. So, I would go heavy on that. And then the on the product page, I would be just making sure that I'm keeping the higher energy through the images. If you do that, then, you know, that's, in my opinion, the big domino. Great. Let's go.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheNeteenhu [1 likes]: Hello Ninjas, thank you for the great content!
  2. @TheTrafficNinjas: Watch this next: https://youtu.be/R7PI_GNpU1g
  3. @Wendyren-888: These triggers make so much sense. On the backend, I see that sellers who build trust early usually have smoother fulfillment because their suppliers take them more seriously. Do you think the supplier relationship affects how well a store can deliver on these emotional triggers?
  4. @Chloe-A-1568z: Emotional triggers work way better than features. How long did it take you to figure out the right mix for your own stores?
  5. @Amyily-l2j: That’s absolutely right—what you said was excellent! Your explanation was also very thorough. May I pick your brain about Shopify?

- Emotional Buying Triggers [increase sales & conversions]: Kind: captions Language: en despite what you have been told and sold by countless marketing sales copywriting business teachers there are no magic words that are going to manipulate prospects into just buying from you it's not it's not about magic words it's about the underlying message it's about what you're saying underneath those words that matters and so you can't just steal somebody else's words and suddenly have some magical persuasive power you actually have to be able to have a conversation that's about something that your prospect cares about and show them that you have something that they should desire that they can desire that they they naturally have a desire for and when you do that that's when the the persuasive power comes out so today is mailbox monday and that means that i'm answering your questions as part of today's episode and today's episode i'm responding to a question from a subscriber ellen who says my biggest challenge is my sales presentation how to use the right words to evoke an emotion that will trigger a buying decision in my prospects and so that's what we'll cover in today's episode reminder here you can go to breakthroughmarketingsecrets.com ask that's ask if you would like to submit your question to potentially have it answered on an upcoming mailbox monday episode these are the proven direct response marketing copywriting and entrepreneurship success strategies you can use today to write your own ticket and create the life you want i am roifer and this is breakthrough marketing secrets now here's today's breakthrough [Music] okay so like i said there's not there's not some magic word that's going to evoke an emotion and trigger a buying decision in your prospects as much as we would like that to be true however if you're able to tap into their experience around what's going on in their life and why they would actually want a particular product or service as a solution to a problem that they're facing when you're really able to tap into that experience and connect with that experience you are channeling the emotions that they're already feeling around that towards making a buying decision and um and i actually have five big like breakthrough ideas around this today number one is that emotion emotion is a reaction to an external circumstance so something happens to us and we have this this feeling inside that is a that is a reaction to that thing that's happening and the other thing that happens is is it doesn't have to be necessarily something that happens to us we have emotions from vicarious experience what do i mean by that i mean if you go to a movie and that movie is sad and you're crying at the like at the peak sadness point in the movie or that movie is is happy or you're feeling victorious at the end of the movie and you're and and you're you're feeling victorious inside even though everything has been happened that's been happening is is light projected on a screen or vibrations of air that create sound patterns like all of that if you break it down to that like what's the emotion right but there's a story that's being told and you experience that story and so your emotion is a reaction to this external circumstance to this input and so as a marketer if you want to trigger emotions you have to understand the circumstance going on in their life and you have to find a way to connect with that with your message so you have to understand what's going on you have to understand the pain that they're in because most great marketing especially the marketing that that triggers a uh that triggers emotions and a buying is tied to the relief the escape from some kind of pain and so what you have to do is first you have to understand the external circumstance and you have to connect with that and you have to speak to that breakthrough number two it's always about transformation so i talked about pain and escape like this is the movement from hell some current hellish experience that they're facing right now into the heaven that they desire this this ideal state this this outcome that they desire it's a it's a transformation from pain to relief to escape from pain you know we buy we buy headache medicine because we have a headache because we want relief from the pain and when you think about the headaches that your customers are having your prospects are having that your problem or solution is the headache medicine for right then that's the transformation that your prospect wants to experience and right now there is emotion associated with pain and there is also potential emotion that is associated with relief and it's going to be a reaction again to the circumstance of of the pain changing to relief it's the transformation between a problem and a solution that's the most universal language that i use when it comes to marketing because most good offers are a solution to a problem that the prospect faces the problem could be some negative circumstance some negative symptoms going on in their life or it could be that they don't have something that they desire which in a way is its own negative but but the big thing here is that they're always moving away from something and usually that is the bigger motivator and the bigger emotional uh trigger right is this thing that they want to get away from that they want to escape there's also this this solution this positive state that they want to experience that they are moving towards and so the movement is the emotion the motion is the emotion and there's the there's the emotion that is the reaction to what they're trying to get away from and there's the emotion that is the reaction to what they're trying to move towards and so finding ways to trigger those feelings of motion from what they're trying to get away from and what they're trying to get towards what they're trying to move towards that is how you do that whether it's a spoken sales presentation or through whatever type of media through whatever type of copywriting it's it's tapping into that emotional movement and again like i'll point out here that it doesn't have to be it doesn't have to be speaking directly to you like oh you are in pain right now you're having these symptoms whatever often times the more powerful way that we that we can communicate these movements this motion that triggers emotion is through story and so if i'm telling a story of myself going from the pain to the relief of the hell to the heaven or if i'm telling the story of a prospect it's like that experience in a movie theater where the person is not actually in the middle of the romance or the adventure or the you know action movie or the uh the the mystery or whatever the genre is right the person is not actually a character in that story but they feel the emotion the same because they are immersed in the story as it's being told to them and so if you are able to get someone immersed in the story that represents the movement that they're going to have the motion that they're going to have away from what they're trying to get away from and towards whatever they're trying to get towards over the course of the story that represents the the customer journey the product experience the offer experience the service experience that is going to trigger those feelings that come out of that and a big big big part of this a big big big part of this is getting them to imagine that relief that they're going to feel when they are no longer in pain when they finally get their desired outcome to be able to clearly paint a picture of where they are going because if they don't believe that they're going to get what where they're going if they don't have a a vivid experience of where they're going not just what they're trying to get away from if you're not able to this is actually a a an image that i used in teaching copywriting years ago that i'm just remembering it's like when you when you use fear in a financial promo and fear is used a lot in financial and it's used in other places too but when you use fear uh it's it's like grabbing someone by by the collar and holding them out over a cliff and they have to believe for a moment that they're going to fall they have to believe for a moment that they're going to fall but in that state they cannot make a good decision and so what you have to do is show them that you can pull them back from danger show them that you can you can release them from that fear right and so when you sell things that involve fear and i really don't like to sell things that involve fear anymore but when you sell things that evolve fear you have to show them that hey there is there is salvation there is this being pulled back from being held over the ledge and it is again it's that same state that you can't just sell by putting someone into a negative state it is there has to be that motion that creates the emotion towards whatever it is that they are trying to get to now another thing that's that's really going to make or break your emotional connection with your prospect is your understanding of them your understanding of them and um and the first level of understanding is understanding the problem or challenge that they face and specifically what how that manifests as symptoms as pain in their everyday life and so if you're able to speak to your experience or somebody else's experience of that problem and what symptoms showed they're going to say oh that makes sense like i i resonate with that because because that's what i'm going through right now and so you have to understand the problem and how they're thinking about the problem you also have to understand agitation how is this holding them back in their life right now like what is this preventing them from doing what life is this preventing them from living what is the agitation around this what's the the emotional reason that they want to have the problem solved invalidation here's a huge thing people want to understand why other solutions have not worked for them why like the problem is not going away on its own why other things they've tried haven't worked and if you can point out specifically why other solutions have not worked and you understand that and you understand that they've gone through a process where other solutions have not worked yes you're going to connect with them in a big way then you have to understand a solution and you have to be able to convey an understanding of why one particular solution which is going to be your product or service is going to work and then you're going to understand the best action that they can take today and by being the guy that takes them along that journey from problem through agitation through invalidation through solution through the action that they need to take you're going to take them from that entire through that entire journey from what they're trying to get away from to what they're trying to get towards and show them the the outcome that you're able to help them create and then most importantly by being able to communicate all of this you're you're hitting breakthrough number five which is the perfect fit and i realized that i dropped the numbering there so one was emotion is reaction to external circumstance breakthrough number two is showing them the transformation breakthrough number three is providing them that sense of relief breakthrough number four is making sure that there's complete understanding and breakthrough number five is is giving them the sense that hey this is a perfect fit so from the moment they start interacting with you with your sales message they say hey this is for me this this person understands me they're communicating with they're speaking to me and and this is for me and and that's great and i want it because it's for me and then the perfect fit has to continue through all of your message and offer so as you're speaking to them they still have to feel like oh this person is speaking they understand me they get me they get what i want they get the problems that i'm going through they get my challenges and and all the way up to the offer oh this person has created the perfect product or service the perfect solution for my problem this is the perfect fit that's number five and if you do want to go deeper into these topics i do have training on the on emotional direct response copywriting as well as the story selling master class both of those are available through btms insiders i'll include links in the description there emotional direct response copywriting gets more specifically into that emotional journey story selling master class zooms out and says how are stories used in persuasive communication and they are really a core to nailing this into getting this right they're both included with btms insiders which is like netflix for copywriting and marketing training check out the links in the description to get to all of that to learn more and remember to check out the link to ask if you have a question you'd like to have answered in an upcoming episode and hey leave a comment with us let me know on a scale of 1 to 10 how valuable you found it why what are your action items what are your takeaways what are you going to do differently as a result of this also tap that like button before you go so you get more content like this delivered to you and so the magic algorithms of the internet will share it with more people like you who will find it valuable you can certainly share with anybody in your life who you think would find it valuable and subscribe before you go subscribe here also go to breakthroughmarketingsecrets.com get those daily email notifications with with episode updates and more exclusive content for email subscribers i'm roy for this breakthrough marketing secrets i'm always aiming for 10 out of 10 value i hope i've delivered it today and i will catch you again in the next episode thank you once again for tuning in to this daily episode of breakthrough marketing secrets remember check out the links with this episode for even more value now make sure you like comment share subscribe and engage in every way you can to keep this show going and growing and delivering daily value to you i'll catch you soon for your next big breakthrough

  Top Comments:
  1. @royfurr [2 likes]: How valuable did you find this (on a 1-10 scale) and WHY? What’s your biggest takeaway or action item?
  2. @user-gk1jv4sb1o: Emotional triggers =

1. Emotions (reaction) to external circumstances
Contohnya kayak nnton film superhero menang , kt jg ngerasa victorious kan . Kamu mesti trigger emosi , sebuah relief lega bisa terlepas dari pain (bencana) . Jadi cari tau apa bencananya

2.  Transformation . From hell experience that they epxerience to desired heaven . Mesti akurat dan spesifik apa hell dan heaven mereka . Mereka mau menjauh dari apa dan mendekat ke apa . Emosi apa yang bikin mrk mau menjauh dari hell , dan emosi apa utk mendekat ke heaven (emotional movement)

Ga harus speak directly to you , tapi pake story seseoranh going from hell to heaven ( kyk film kan ) . Prospek harus kebawa di storynya , product experiencenya . Akhirnya feeling nya ke trigger deh

3. Imagine that relief when they are no longer in pain , paint a mental picture of where they are going

Jadi kayak bikin org percaya lek dia lagi bergalntungan di jurang dan bakal jatuh (fear) , terus kita tawarin solusinya (penyelamatan)

Put them in this state !

4. Your understanding of prospek . Pertama , problem dan kesulitan mereka . Kamu mesti paham pain point mereka itu , dan apa pikiran mereka ttf problem itu . Baru copy mu bisa sesuai pikiran mereka

Pahami juga apa pikiran yang bikin mereka hold back , terus emotional reasons to solve that

People wanna know why past solutions failed ! Kamu mesti jelasin ini . 

Terus kasi paham outcome apa yang kamu isa kasi 

5. Give them a sense that this is a perfect fit for them

"Wah bener ni buat aku , aku mau karna ini paham kebutuhanku dan dibikin emang buat aku"

A perfect fit , resonated , relevancy , super niched
  3. @wowthatsdeepman: Starting at about 7:40 - the magic is climaxing.

And then the hypnotic - pause and go” “””IMAGINE””””
  4. @wowthatsdeepman: That moment at 5:54 when both you and Roy realize that motion of the emotion was pure existential genius

- What Psychological Triggers Influence Online Buying Decisions? - Retail Employee Playbook: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What psychological triggers influence online buying decisions? Imagine clicking on a product and feeling an almost irresistible urge to buy it right away. That's not luck or coincidence. It's the power of psychological triggers at work. When launching an e-commerce store, understanding these triggers can help you guide customers toward making a purchase. One of the strongest triggers is urgency and scarcity. When shoppers see phrases like limited stock or sale ends into hours, they feel a rush to buy before missing out. Showing real-time stock levels or countdown timers can push customers to act quickly. This creates a sense of exclusivity and makes products seem more desirable because they are rare. Social proof is another big factor. When buyers see reviews, star ratings, or testimonials from other customers, they trust the product more. Positive feedback from real people reduces doubts and builds confidence. Influencer endorsements can also serve as social proof, especially when they align with your brand. Personalization plays a key role in making shoppers feel special. When your website recommends products based on what they have viewed or bought before, it feels tailored just for them. This emotional connection makes customers more likely to buy because they see the product as fitting their needs perfectly. Convenience is king in online shopping. Features like saved payment details, one-click checkout, and multiple payment options make the process smooth. The easier it is to complete a purchase, the less chance there is for hesitation or abandonment. Fast, simple checkout experiences are essential for boosting sales. Emotional triggers also influence decisions. Bright visuals, persuasive language, and limited time deals tap into feelings like excitement, boredom, or the desire for comfort. When customers shop to lift their mood or relieving stress, they often make impulsive choices. Creating an engaging, visually appealing site can help trigger these emotions. Trust is vital because customers cannot physically see or touch products. Clear policies, secure payment gateways, and transparent communication build confidence. When shoppers trust your brand, they are more likely to buy and return later. Fear of missing out remains a powerful motivator. When marketers highlight limited availability or exclusive offers, customers feel compelled to act fast. Guilt can also influence decisions, especially when marketing shows how buying supports a cause or improves well-being. This can motivate customers to purchase to feel good about their choices. If you want to succeed in launching an e-commerce store, use these triggers thoughtfully. Show limited time deals and stock levels to create urgency. Highlight customer reviews to build trust. Offer personalized recommendations to make shopping feel relevant. Simplify checkout with saved payment options. Use visuals and language that evoke positive emotions. Always communicate transparently about policies and security. When used ethically, these psychological triggers can guide customers smoothly toward making decisions while keeping their experience positive.

- What Psychological Triggers Cause Impulse Seasonal Retail Buys? - Retail Employee Playbook: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What psychological triggers cause impulse seasonal retail buys? Imagine walking into a store during a festive season and feeling an irresistible urge to pick up that special gift or treat yourself. What makes us act on these sudden urges? Let's uncover the secrets behind impulse seasonal shopping. During holidays or special events, shopping triggers are everywhere. First, emotional feelings play a big role. Festive seasons often make us feel happy, nostalgic, or even stressed. Retailers use bright images, cheerful music, and warm colors to tap into these feelings. When shoppers feel your excitement, they're more likely to buy spontaneously. Sometimes negative feelings like stress or sadness also push people to buy as a way to feel better or find comfort. Next, cognitive biases influence quick decisions. Limited time offers like only a few left or today only create a sense of scarcity. This makes shoppers fear missing out and act fast. Instant gratification is another factor. People want immediate pleasure, so they buy now instead of waiting. Confirmation bias also helps. Shoppers look for reasons to justify their purchase, ignoring doubts. Retailers often add countdown timers or exclusive holiday deals to boost this sense of urgency. Social influences are powerful, too. Seeing friends, family, or social media influencers buy or endorse seasonal items encourages others to follow suit. When people see others shopping or gifting, they feel social proof and want to join in. Shopping companions, especially family members, can also sway decisions leading to unplanned buys. The store environment is designed to stimulate impulse shopping. Festive decorations, pleasant scents, lively music, and eye-catching displays create an immersive experience. These sensory cues lift moods and make shoppers more receptive to spontaneous purchases. Lastly, emotional regulation impacts buying habits. When consumers feel tired, bored, or overwhelmed, their self-control drops. Buying something nice provides a quick boost of happiness or relief. This is why during busy or stressful seasons, impulse buys tend to increase. Retailers can use this knowledge by crafting emotional appeals that match seasonal moods. Offering limited time deals, creating festive atmospheres, and showcasing trending products all help guide shoppers toward spontaneous purchases. Managing seasonal inventory wisely means understanding these triggers. By aligning marketing with emotional states, using scarcity tactics carefully, and creating inviting store environments, retailers can boost sales without overwhelming customers. Recognizing what drives impulse buying helps build smarter strategies that make shopping fun and profitable.

- Prof Robert Cialdini on the difference between persuasion and manipulation: Kind: captions Language: en now this is a very important question it's a question that I've thought about since the beginning of of studying this process and talking about it to audiences because for me persuasion involves education information we we inform people into Ascent by pointing to certain things genuine scarcity genuine popularity for example genuine Authority opinion that moves people in directions that are beneficial to them manipulation involves dishonest presentation of those ideas there's someone will um counterfeit this information rather than point to the genuine presence of one or another of these principles

- 7 Principles of Psychological Persuasion: Kind: captions Language: en The principles of persuasion are&nbsp; a set of psychological rules to&nbsp;&nbsp; influence others. Originally there were&nbsp; six: reciprocity, scarcity, authority,&nbsp;&nbsp; consistency, liking, and consensus.&nbsp; Later a 7th principle was added. The first principle is reciprocity. It&nbsp; means that if you give something to someone,&nbsp;&nbsp; it makes them more open to being influenced&nbsp; by you. This is because we don’t like to&nbsp;&nbsp; feel that we owe someone and so we want to&nbsp; return the favor to clear our social debt. The second is scarcity. When people&nbsp; perceive something as rare or limited,&nbsp;&nbsp; they are more susceptible to persuasion. This is&nbsp; driven by our desire to possess what others value,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the fear of missing out that&nbsp; prompts us to make decisions. The third principle is authority. We&nbsp; often trust powerful people and their&nbsp;&nbsp; perceived expertise. We seek their guidance,&nbsp; particularly in situations of uncertainty,&nbsp;&nbsp; when we lack direction and need help from someone&nbsp; else to make a difficult decision on our behalf. Fourth is consistency. We are more likely&nbsp; to do something if it's consistent with&nbsp;&nbsp; past behavior. This is because we align our&nbsp; actions with expectations. To influence someone,&nbsp;&nbsp; ask for small commitments&nbsp; first and larger ones later. The fifth is liking. People are more willing&nbsp; to say "yes" to those they are fond of. To&nbsp;&nbsp; make people like you, find common interests,&nbsp; be friendly, and give genuine compliments. The sixth is consensus. Humans are inherently&nbsp; social. They want to conform to the group.&nbsp;&nbsp; Social proof can therefore persuade people&nbsp; to commit to something, they otherwise doubt. Psychologist Robert Cialdini, who came up with&nbsp; the 6 rules, later added another one — unity.&nbsp;&nbsp; Accordingly, people are more influenced by those&nbsp; who share their beliefs, values, and experiences. So do you think you understood&nbsp; the principles? Then meet Jane,&nbsp;&nbsp; a young entrepreneur who, after learning about&nbsp; them, established a successful lemonade business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Follow her story and try to tell us which&nbsp; principles she uses and in what sequence. To start her business, Jane first&nbsp; needs to get funding. To do so,&nbsp;&nbsp; she offers free samples to potential investors.&nbsp; When she later presents her business idea,&nbsp;&nbsp; those who tried her product are&nbsp; now more likely to hear her out. On her first week of business, Jane produces just&nbsp;&nbsp; enough to satisfy some customers but&nbsp; pretends to run out before everyone&nbsp;&nbsp; gets what they lined up for. By doing&nbsp; so, she creates a sense of exclusivity. Jane then starts to showcase her top&nbsp; customers, encourages positive reviews,&nbsp;&nbsp; invites key opinion leaders to visit her shop,&nbsp; and hosts a local band to play on Sundays. Once her products are popular, customers can’t get&nbsp; enough of them. To ensure she’s not losing anyone,&nbsp;&nbsp; she distributes paper cups to those&nbsp; in line. Those that take the cup,&nbsp;&nbsp; are then more likely to&nbsp; wait for what they came for. Despite all that success, when Jane tries&nbsp; to open a savings account, she gets laughed&nbsp;&nbsp; at. So she partners up with her supplier, to&nbsp; appear trustworthy enough to get the job done. To strengthen her business, Jane listens to her&nbsp; customers and shows interest in the community. As&nbsp;&nbsp; a result, people will feel more connected to her&nbsp; company and stay loyal despite the competition. Now tell us in the comments below which of the&nbsp; 7 principles Jane applied and in what order! Note that if these ideas aren’t&nbsp; enough to get the job done,&nbsp;&nbsp; here is one last piece of Cialdini’s advice:&nbsp; “When we ask someone to do us a favor we will&nbsp;&nbsp; be more successful if we provide a reason.&nbsp; Even if the reason is utterly unreasonable.” What do you think? Will knowing these rules&nbsp; help you resist manipulation, and is it morally&nbsp;&nbsp; acceptable to use them for personal gain?&nbsp; Share your thoughts in the comments below! This video was brought to you by shortform.com ShortForm offers premium summaries of&nbsp; nonfiction books. If you want to dig deeper,&nbsp;&nbsp; say, on the principles of persuasion but&nbsp; have no time, get ShortForm’s summary,&nbsp;&nbsp; where you can highlight key&nbsp; points, take personal notes,&nbsp;&nbsp; share your favorite quotes and even&nbsp; challenge your understanding with exercises. The ShortForm library includes many&nbsp; topics from the fields of education,&nbsp;&nbsp; parenting and psychology — ShortForms’s&nbsp; superpowered guides cover a new book’s key&nbsp;&nbsp; ideas every week in simple language. Plus&nbsp; it includes smart commentary and analysis. Short Form is constantly adding&nbsp; new features, such as Shortform AI,&nbsp;&nbsp; a browser extension that summarizes everything&nbsp; across the internet with a click of a button. Shortform is a really an easy way to learn&nbsp; about some of life’s most important ideas.&nbsp; To get started, visit Shortform.com/sprouts&nbsp; or click on the link in the description. You&nbsp;&nbsp; will get a FREE trial of unlimited access&nbsp; plus a 20% discounted annual subscription If you found this helpful, check&nbsp; out our other videos and subscribe.&nbsp; If you want to support our work,&nbsp; join us on patreon.com/sprouts.&nbsp; For more information and additional&nbsp; contents, visit sproutsschools.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @sprouts [11 likes]: To learn more than ever from important non-fiction books, join us on Shortform: https://shortform.com/sprouts. You’ll get a 5-day free trial and a discounted annual subscription. One of our favorite books on Shortform is “Influence."
  2. @SepRoyle [2 likes]: Thanks you 😘 for your YouTube channel it was fantastic ☺️ 😀
  3. @JudithMartinezJudith [1 likes]: You just turned frustration into excitement!
  4. @BabanShaikh-lw6rt [1 likes]: I was ready to give up, but then this video said "not today."
  5. @StudyNova1017 [1 likes]: Actually someone did manipulate my mind by using the LIKING principle and today when you have said, "give some compliments to them" then I realised actually it really works.. 👍🏻
  6. @marie-solangeevehebebandou7369: 1. Reciprocity (offering free samples to potential investors
2. Scarcity (made it feel like there was not enough and increase the feeling of missing out by the customers)
3. Consensus (by broadening her social presence)
4. Consistency (distributing cups to lined up customers, made them commit to wait for their turn)
5. Authority ( relied on the help of her supplier to open a savings account)
6. Liking (Jane showed interest in her customers' affairs
7. Unity (could be observed or embedded in Consensus, Consistency, Authority and Liking)
  7. @OnnyRaidox: I feel unstoppable after watching this!
  8. @Avobas-g2f: This is the kind of content the internet needs!
  9. @AlexMx-c3f: My confusion is currently crying in the corner.
  10. @hosamshadad: I’m genuinely mind-blown by the clarity of this!
  11. @SaimirAgolli-z2i: I’m officially smarter than I was five minutes ago.
  12. @SHASHIMISHRA-y7i: This tutorial hit me with knowledge like a plot twist.
  13. @seleshyadav6696: My jaw dropped at how well you explained this!
  14. @seleshyadav6696: This video just changed my personality. I’m educated now.
  15. @MDHcvccMDHcvcc: I’m actually pumped to try this now!
  16. @ArtuTartko: I’m ready to explain this to strangers at the grocery store.
  17. @SafeerMunaf-y8c: This tutorial hit me with knowledge like a plot twist.
  18. @JdhgvyFufhgfu: My confusion just rage quit.
  19. @ErikLira-v4j: I understood this so well I’m suspicious.
  20. @DouglasButner: To get a savings account?

- Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion - Robert B. Cialdini (Full Audiobook NO ADS): Kind: captions Language: en introduction I can admit it freely now all my life I've been a py for as long as I can recall I've been an easy Mark for the pitches of pedlers fundraisers and operators of one sword or another true only some of these people have had dishonorable motives the others representatives of certain charitable agencies for instance have had the best of intentions no matter with person Ally disquieting frequency I have always found myself in possession of unwanted magazine subscriptions or tickets to the sanitation workers ball probably this long-standing status as sucker accounts for my interest in the study of compliance just what are the factors that cause one person to say yes to another person and which techniques most effectively use these factors to bring about such compliance I wondered why it is that a request stated in a certain way will be rejected while a request that asks for the same favor in a slightly different fashion will be successful so in my role as an experimental social psychologist I began to do research into the psychology of compliance at first the research took the form of experiments performed for the most part in my laboratory and on college students I wanted to find out which psychological principles influence the tendency to comply with the request right now psychologists know quite a bit about these principles what they are and how they work I have characterized such principles As Weapons of influence and will report on some of the most important in the upcoming chapters after a time though I began to realize that the experimental work while necessary wasn't enough it didn't allow me to judge the importance of the principles in the world beond the psychology building and the campus where I was examining them it became clear that if I was to understand fully the psychology of compliance I would need to broaden my scope of Investigation I would need to look to the compliance professionals the people who had been using the principles on me all my life they know what works and what doesn't the law of survival of the fittest assures it their business is to make us comply and their livelihoods depend on it those who don't know how to get people to say yes soon fall away those who do stay and flourish of course the compliance professionals aren't the only ones who know about and use these principles to help them get their way we all employ them and fall victim to them in some degree in our daily interactions with neighbors friends lovers and Offspring but the compliance practitioners have much more than the vague and amateur Trish understanding of what works than the rest of us have as I thought about it I knew that they represented the richest vein of information about compliance available to me for nearly 3 years then I combined my experimental studies with a decidedly more entertaining program of systematic immersion into the world of compliance professionals sales operators fundraisers recruiters advertisers and others the purpose was to observe from the inside the techniques and strategies most commonly and effectively used by a broad range of compliance practitioners that program of observation sometimes took the form of interviews with the practitioners themselves and sometimes with the natural enemies for example police Bunko Squad officers consumer agencies of certain of the practitioners at other times it involved an intensive examination of the written materials by which compliance techniques are passed down from one generation to another sales manuals and the like most frequently though it has taken the form of participant observation participant observation is a research approach in which the researcher becomes a spy of sorts with disguised identity and intent the investigator infiltrates the setting of interest and becomes a full-fledged participant in the group to be studied so when I wanted to learn about the compliance tactics of encyclopedia or vacuum cleaner or portrait photography or dance lesson sales organizations I would answer a newspaper ad for sales trainees and have them teach me their methods using similar but not identical approaches I was able to penetrate advertising public relations and fundraising agencies to examine their techniques much of the evidence presented in this book then comes from my experience posing as a compliance professional or aspiring professional in a large variety of organizations dedicated to getting us to say yes one aspect of what I learned in this three-year period of participant observation was most instructive although there are thousands of different tactics that compliance practitioners employ to produce yes the majority fall within six basic categories each of these categories is governed by a fundamental psychological principle that directs human behavior and in so doing gives the tactics their power the book is organized around these six principles one to a chapter the principles consistency reciprocation social proof Authority liking and scarcity are each discussed in terms of their function in the society and in terms of how their enormous force can be commissioned by a compliance professional who deafly incorporates them into requests for purchases donations concessions votes Ascent Etc it is worthy of note that that I have not included among the six principles the simple rule of material self-interest that people want to get the most and pay the least for their choices this Omission does not stem from any perception on my part that the desire to maximize benefits and minimize costs is unimportant in driving our decisions nor does it come from any evidence I have that compliance professionals ignore the power of this rule quite the opposite in my investigations I frequently saw practitioners use sometimes honestly sometimes not the compelling I can give you a good deal approach I choose not to treat the material self-interest rule separately in this book because I see it as a motivational given as a goes without saying factor that deserves acknowledgement but not extensive description finally each principle is examined as to its ability to produce a distinct kind of automatic mindless compliance from people that is a willingness to say yes without thinking first the evidence suggests that the ever accelerating pace and informational Crush of Modern Life will make this particular form of unthinking compliance more and more prevalent in the future it will be increasingly important for the society therefore to understand the how and why of automatic influence it has been some time since the first edition of influence was published in the interim something things have happened that I feel deserve a place in this new addition first we now know more about the influence process than before the study of persuasion compliance and change has advanced and the pages that follow have been adapted to reflect that progress in addition to an overall update of the material I have included a new feature that was stimulated by the responses of Prior readers that new feature highlights the experiences of individuals who have read influence recognized how one of the principles worked on or for them in a particular instance and wrote To Me describing the event their descriptions which appear in the reader reports at the end of each chapter illustrate how easily and frequently we can fall victim to the pull of the influence process in our everyday lives I wish to thank the following individuals who either directly or through their course instructors contributed to the reader reports used in this Edition Pat Bobs Mark Hastings James Michaels Paul R nail Alan J Resnik Daryl RL Dan Swift and Carla vas in addition I would like to invite new readers to submit similar reports for possible publication in a future Edition they may be sent to me at the department of psychology Arizona State University Tempe Arizona 85287-1104 Robert B chalini chapter 1 weapons of influence everything should be made as simple as possible but not simpler Albert Einstein I got a phone call one day from a friend who had recently opened an Indian jewelry store in Arizona she was giddy with a curious piece of news something fascinating had just happened and she thought that as a psychologist I might be able to explain it to her the story involved a certain allotment of turquoise jewelry she had been having trouble selling it was the peak of the tourist season the store was unusually full of customers the turquoise pieces were of good quality for the prices she was asking yet they had not sold my friend had attempted a couple of standard sales tricks to get them moving she tried calling attention to them by shifting their location to a more Central display area no luck she even told her sales staff to push the items hard hard again without success finally the night before leaving on an out of town buying trip she scribbled an exasperated note to her head saleswoman everything in this display case price times 1/2 hoping just to be rid of the offending pieces even if had a loss when she returned a few days later she was not surprised to find that every article had been sold she was shocked though to discover that because the employee had read the one half in her squirreled message as as a two the entire lot man had sold out at twice the original price that's when she called me I thought I knew what had happened but told her that if I were to explain things properly she would have to listen to a story of mine actually it isn't my story it's about mother turkeys and it belongs to the relatively new science of ethology the study of animals in their natural settings turkey mothers are good Mothers loving watchful and protective they spend much of their time tending warming cleaning and huddling the young beneath them but there is something odd about their method virtually all of this mothering is triggered by one thing the cheap cheep sound of young turkey chicks other identifying features of the chicks such as their smell touch or appearance seem to play minor roles in the mothering process if a chick makes the cheap cheap noise its mother will care for it if not the mother will ignore or sometimes kill it the extreme Reliance of maternal turkeys upon this one sound was dramatically illustrated by animal behaviorist MW fox in his description of an experiment involving a mother turkey and a stuffed pole cat for a mother turkey a PCAT is a natural enemy whose approach is to be greeted with squawking pecking clawing rage indeed the experimenters found that even a stuffed model of a pole cat when drawn by a string toward a mother turkey received an immediate and Furious attack when however the same stuffed replica carried inside at a small recorder that played the cheap cheep sound of baby turkeys the mother not only accepted the oncoming pole cat but gathered it underneath her when the machine was turned off the Polecat model again drew a vicious attack how ridiculous a female turkey seems under these circumstances she will embrace a natural enemy just because it goes cheap cheap and she will mistreat or murder one of her own chicks just because it does not she looks like an automaton whose maternal instincts are under the automatic control of that single sound the ethologists tell us that this sort of thing is far from unique to the turkey they have begun to identify regular blindly mechanical patterns of action in a wide variety of species called fixed action patterns they can involve intricate sequences of behavior such as entire courtship or mating rituals a fundamental characteristic of these patterns is that the behaviors that compose them occur in virtually the same fashion and in the same order every time it is almost as if the patterns were recorded on tapes within the animals when the situation calls for courtship the courtship tape gets played when the situation calls for mothering the maternal Behavior tape gets played click and the appropriate tape is activated wh and out rolls the standard sequence of behaviors the most interesting thing about all this is the way the tapes are activated when a male animal acts to defend his territory for instance it is the intrusion of another male of the same species that cues the territorial defense tape of rigid vigilance threat and if need be combat behaviors but there is a quirk in the system it is not the Rival m as a whole that is the trigger it is some specific feature of him the trigger feature often the trigger feature will be just one tiny aspect of the totality that is the approaching Intruder sometimes a shade of color is the trigger feature the experiments of ethologists have shown for instance that a male robin acting as if a rival Robin had entered its territory will vigorously attack nothing more than a clump of Robin red breast feathers placed there at the same time it will virtually ignore a perfect stuffed replica of a male robin without red breast feathers similar results have been found in another species of bird the blue throat where it appears that the trigger for territorial defense is a specific shade of blue breast feathers before we enjoy too smugly the ease with which lower animals can be tricked by trigger features into reacting in ways wholly inappropriate to the situation we might realize two things first the automatic fixed action patterns of these animals work very well the great majority of the time for example because only healthy normal turkey chicks make the peculiar sound of baby turkeys it makes sense for mother turkeys to respond maternally to that single cheap cheep Noise by reacting to just that one stimulus the average mother turkey will nearly always behave correctly it takes a trickster like a scientist to make her tap-like response seem seem silly the second important thing to understand is that we too have our pre-programmed tapes and although they usually work to our advantage the trigger features that activate them can be used to dupe us into playing them at the wrong times this parallel form of human automatic action is aptly demonstrated in an experiment by Harvard social psychologist Ellen Langer a well-known principle of human behavior says that when we ask someone to do us a favor we will be more successful if we provide a reason people simply like to have reasons for what they do Langer demonstrated this unsurprising fact by asking a small favor of people waiting in line to use a library copying machine excuse me I have five pages may I use the Xerox machine because I'm in a rush the effectiveness of this request plus reason was nearly total 94% of those asked let skip ahead of them in line compare this success rate to the results when she made the request only the Xerox machine under those circumstances only 60% of those asked complied at first glance it appears that the crucial difference between the two requests was the additional information provided by the words because I'm in a rush but a third type of request Tried by ler showed that this was not the case it seems that it was not the whole series of words but the first one because was that made the difference instead of including a real reason for compliance Langer's third type of request used the word because and then adding nothing new merely restated the obvious excuse me I have five pages may I use the Xerox machine because I have to make some copies the result was that once again nearly all 93% agreed even though no real reason no new information was added to justify their compliance just as the cheap deep sound of turkey chicks triggered an automatic mothering response from maternal turkeys even when it emanated from a stuffed pole cat so too did the word because trigger an automatic compliance response from Langer subjects even when they were given no subsequent reason to comply click were although some of Langer's additional findings show that there are many situations in which human behavior does not work in a mechanical tape activated way what is astonishing is how often it does does for instance consider the strange behavior of those jewelry store customers who swooped down on an allotment of turquoise pieces only after the items had been mistakenly offered at Double their original price I can make no sense of their behavior unless it is viewed in Click were terms the customers mostly well-to-do vacationers with little knowledge of turquoise were using a standard principle a stereotype to guide their buying expensive equals good thus the vacationers who wanted good jewelry saw the turquoise pieces as decidedly more valuable and desirable when nothing about them was enhanced but the price price alone had become a trigger feature for quality and a dramatic increase in price alone had led to a dramatic increase in sales among the quality hungry buyers click it is easy to fault the tourists for their foolish purchase decisions but a close look offers a Kinder view these were people who had been brought on the rule you get what you pay for and who had seen that rule borne out over and over in their lives before long they had translated the rule to mean expensive equals good the expensive equals good stereotype had worked quite well for them in the past since normally the price of an item increases along with its worth a higher price typically reflects higher quality so when they found themselves in the position of wanting good turquoise jewelry without much knowledge of turquoise they understandably relied on the old standby feature of cost to determine the jewelry's merits although they probably did not realize it by reacting solely to the priz feature of the turquoise they were playing a shortcut version of betting the odds instead of stacking all the odds in their favor by trying painstakingly to master each of the things that indicate the worth of turquoise jewelry they were counting on just one the one they knew to be usually associated with the quality of any item they were betting that price alone would tell them all they needed to know this time because someone mistook a 1 half for a two they bet wrong but in the long run over all the past and future situations of their lives betting those shortcut odds may represent the most rational approach possible in fact automatic stereotyped behavior is prevalent in much Of Human Action because in many cases it is the most efficient form of Behaving and in other cases it is simply necessary you and I exist in an extraordinarily complicated stimulus environment easily the most rapidly moving and complex that has ever existed on this planet to deal with it we need shortcuts we can't be expected to recognize and analyze all the aspects in each person event and situation we encounter in even one day we haven't the time energy or capacity for it instead we must very often often use our stereotypes our rules of thumb to classify things according to a few key features and then to respond mindlessly when one or another of these trigger features is present sometimes the behavior that unrolls will not be appropriate for the situation because not even the best stereotypes and Trigger features work every time but we accept their imperfection since there is really no other choice without them we would stand Frozen cataloging appraising and calibrating as the time for Action sped by and away and from all indications we will be relying on them to an even greater extent in the future as the stimuli saturating Our Lives continue to grow more intricate and variable we will have to depend increasingly on our shortcuts to handle them all the renowned British philosopher Alfred North Whitehead recognized this inescapable quality of Modern Life when he asserted That civilization advances by extending a number of operations we can perform without thinking about them take for example the advance offered to Civilization by the discount coupon which allows consumers to assume that they will receive a reduced purchase price by presenting the coupon the extent to which we have learned to operate mechanically on that assumption is Illustrated in the experience of One Automobile Tire company mailed out coupons that because of a printing error offered no savings to recipients produce just as much customer response as did error free coupons that offered substantial savings the obvious but instructive Point here is that we expect discount coupons to do double duty not only do we expect them to save us money we also expect them to save us the time and mental energy required to think about how to do it in today's world we need the First Advantage to handle pocketbook strain but we need the second advantage to handle something potentially more important brain strain it is odd that despite their current widespread use and looming future importance most of us know very little about our automatic Behavior patterns perhaps that is so precisely because of the mechanistic unthinking manner in which they occur whatever the reason it is vital that we clearly recognize one of their properties they make us terribly vulnerable to anyone who does know how they work to understand fully the nature of our vulnerability another glance at the work of the ethologists is in order it turns out that these animal behaviorists with their recorded cheap cheps and their clumps of colored breast feathers are not the only ones who have discovered how to activate the behavior tapes of various species there is a group of organisms often termed mimics that copy the trigger features of other animals in an attempt to trick these animals into mistakenly playing the the right Behavior tapes at the wrong times the mimic will then exploit this alog together in appropriate action for its own benefit take for example the deadly trick played by the killer females of one genus of Firefly foturus on the males of another Firefly genus Fus understandably the fotinis males scrupulously avoid contact with the bloodthirsty foturus females but through centuries of experience the female Hunter have located a weakness in their prey a special blinking courtship code by which members of the victim's species tell one another they are ready to mate somehow the foturus female has cracked the Fus courtship code by mimicking the flashing mating signals of her prey the murderous is able to Feast on the bodies of males whose triggered courtship tapes cause them to fly mechanically into deaths not loves Embrace insects seem to be the most severe exploiters of the automaticity of their prey it is not uncommon to find their victims duped to death but less uncompromising forms of exploitation occur as well there is for instance a little fish the saber-toothed blenny that takes advantage of an unusual program of cooperation worked out by members of two other species of fish the cooperating fish form a mut and Jeff team consisting of a large group of fish on the one hand hand and a much smaller type of fish on the other the smaller fish serves as a cleaner to the larger one which allows the cleaner to approach it and even enter its mouth to pick off fungus and other parasites that have attached themselves to the big fish's teeth or gills it is a beautiful arrangement the big grouper gets cleaned of harmful pests and the cleaner fish gets an easy dinner the larger fish normally devours any other small fish foolish enough to come close to it but when the cleaner approaches the big fish suddenly stops all movement and floats open-mouthed and nearly immobile in response to an undulating dance that the cleaner performs this dance appears to be the trigger feature of the cleaner that activates the dramatic passivity of the big fish it also provides the saber-toothed blenny with an angle a chance to take advantage of the cleaning ritual of the Cooperators the blenny will approach the large Predator copying the undulations of the cleaner's dance and automat ially producing the Tranquil unmoving posture of the big fish then true to its name it will quickly rip a mouthful from the larger fish's flesh and dart away before its startled victim can recover there is a strong but sad parallel in the human jungle we too have exploiters who mimic trigger features for our own brand of automatic responding unlike the mostly instinctive response sequences of non-humans our automatic tapes usually develop from psychological principles or stereotypes we have learned to accept although they vary in their Force some of these principles possess a tremendous ability to direct Human Action we have been subjected to them from such an early point in our lives and they have moved us about so pervasively since then that you and I rarely perceive their power in the eyes of others though each such principle is a detectable and ready weapon a weapon of automatic influence there's a group of people who know very well where the weapons of automatic influence lie and who employ them regularly and expertly to get what they want they go from social encounter to social encounter requesting others to comply with their wishes their frequency of success is dazzling The Secret of their effectiveness lies in the way they structure their requests the way they arm themselves with one or another of the weapons of influence that exist within the social environment M to do this may take no more than one correctly chosen word that engages a strong psychological principle and sets an automatic Behavior tape rolling within us and Trust the human exploiters to learn quickly exactly how to profit from our tendency to respond mechanically according to these principles remember my friend the jewelry store owner although she benefited by accident the first time it did not take her long to begin exploiting the expensive equals good St stereotype regularly and intentionally now during the tourist season she first tries to speed the sale of an item that has been difficult to move by increasing its price substantially she claims that this is marvelously cost-effective when it works on the unsuspecting vacationers as it frequently does it results in an enormous profit margin and even when it is not initially successful she can mark the article reduced from blank and sell it at its original price while still taking advantage of the expensive equals good reaction to the inflated figure by no means is my friend original in this last use of the expensive equals good rule to snare those seeking a bargain culturist and author Leo Roston gives the example of the drewek brothers Sid and Harry who owned a men's tailor shop in rost's neighborhood while he was growing up in the 1930s whenever the salesman Sid had a new customer trying on suits in front of the Shop's three-sided mirror he would admit to a hearing problem and as they talked he would repeatedly request that the man speak more loudly to him once the customer had found a suit he liked and had asked for the price Sid would call to his brother the head tailor at the back of the room Harry how much for this suit looking up from his work and greatly exaggerating the suit's true Price Harry would call back for that beautiful all wool suit $42 pretending not to have heard and cupping his hand to his ear Sid would ask again once more Harry would reply $42 at this point Sid would turn to the customer and report he says $22 many a man would hurry to buy the suit and scramble out of the shop with his expensive equals good bargain before poor Sid discovered the mistake there are several components shared by most of the weapons of automatic influence to be described in this audio book we have already discussed two of them the nearly mechanical process by which The Power Within These weapons can be activated and the consequent exploitability of this power by anyone who knows how to trigger them a third component involves the way that the weapons of automatic influence lend their Force to those who use them it's not that the weapons like a set of heavy clubs provide a conspicuous Arsenal to be used by one person to bludgeon another into submission the process is much more sophisticated and subtle with proper execution the exploiters need hardly strain a muscle to get their way all that is required is to trigger the great stores of influence that already exist in the situation and direct them toward the intended target in this sense the approach is not unlike that of the Japanese martial art form called Jiu-Jitsu a woman employing Jiu-Jitsu would utilize her own strength only minimally against an opponent instead she would would exploit the power inherent in such naturally present principles as gravity leverage momentum and inertia if she knows how and where to engage the action of these principles she can easily defeat a physically stronger rival and so it is for the exploiters of the weapons of automatic influence that exist naturally around us the exploiters can commission the power of these weapons for use against their targets while exerting little personal Force this last feature of the process allows the exploiters an enormous additional benefit the ability to manipulate without the appearance of manipulation even the victims themselves tend to see their compliance as determined by the action of natural forces rather than by the designs of the person who profits from that compliance an example is in order there is a principle in human perception the contrast principle that affects the way we see the difference between two things that are presented one after after another simply put if the second item is fairly different from the first we will tend to see it as more different than it actually is so if we lift a light object first and then lift a heavy object we will estimate the second object to be heavier than if we had lifted it without first trying the light one the contrast principle is well established in the field of psychophysics and applies to all sorts of perceptions besides weight if we are talking to a beautiful woman at a cocktail party and are then joined by an unattractive one the second woman will strike us as less attractive than she actually is in fact studies done on the contrast principle at Arizona State and Montana State universities suggest that we may be less satisfied with the physical attractiveness of our own lovers because of the way the popular media bombard us with examples of unrealistically attractive models in one study college students rated a picture of an average-looking member of the opposite sex as less attractive if they had first looked through the ads in some popular magazines in another study maed College dormatory residents rated the photo of a potential blind date those who did so while watching an episode of the Charlie's Angels TV series viewed the blind date as a less attractive woman than those who rated her while watching a different show apparently it was The Uncommon beauty of the Angels female stars that made the blind dat seem less attractive a nice demonstration of perceptual contrast is sometimes employed in psychophysics Laboratories to introduce students to the principal firstand each student takes a turn sitting in front of three pales of water one cold one at room temperature and one hot after placing one hand in the cold water and one in the hot water the student is told to place both in the lukewarm water simultaneously the look of amused bewilderment that immediately registers tells the story even though though both hands are in the same bucket the hand that has been in the cold water feels as if it is now in hot water while the one that was in the hot water feels as if it is now in cold water the point is that the same thing in this instance room temperature water can be made to seem very different depending on the nature of the event that precedes it be assured that the nice Little Weapon of influence provided by the contrast principle does not go unexploited the great advantage of this principle is not only that it works but also that it is virtually undetectable those who employ it can cash in on its influence without any appearance of having structured the situation in their favor retail Cloe ear are a good example suppose a man enters a fashionable men's store and says that he wants to buy a three-piece suit and a sweater if you were the salesperson which would you show him first to make him likely to spend the most money clothing stores instruct their salesp personnel to sell the costly item first Common Sense might suggest the reverse if a man had just spent a lot of money to purchase a suit he may be reluctant to spend very much more on the purchase of a sweater but the Cloe ear know better they behave in accordance with what the contrast principle would suggest sell the suit first because when it comes time to look at sweaters even expensive ones their prices will not seem as high in comparison a man might balk at the idea of spending $95 for a sweater but if he has just bought a $495 suit a $95 sweater does not seem excessive the same principle applies to a man who wishes to buy the accessories shirt shoes belt to go along with his new suit contrary to the common sense view the evidence supports the contrast principal prediction as sales motivation analysts Whitney huin and Murphy State the interesting thing is that even when a man enters a clothing store with the express purpose of purchasing a suit he will almost always pay more for whatever accessories he buys if he buys them after the suit purchase than before it is much more profitable for salespeople to present the expensive item first not only because to fail to do so will lose the influence of the contrast principle to fail to do so will also cause the principle to work actively against them presenting an inexpensive product first and following with an expensive one will cause the expensive item to seem even more costly as a result hardly it desirable consequence for most sales organizations so just as it is possible to make the same bucket of water appear to be hotter or colder depending on the temperature of previously presented water it is possible to make the price of the same item seem higher or lower depending on the price of a previously presented item clever use of perceptual contrast is by no means confined to cloes I came across a technique that engaged the contrast principle while I was investigating Undercover the the compliance tactics of real estate companies to learn the ropes I was accompanying a company realy salesman on a weekend of showing houses to prospective home buyers the salesman we can call him Phil was to give me tips to help me through my break-in period one thing I quickly noticed was that whenever Phil began showing a new set of customers potential buys he would start with a couple of undesirable houses I asked him about it and he laughed they were what he called setup properties the company maintained a rundown house or two on its lists at inflated prices these houses were not intended to be sold to customers but to be shown to them so that the genuine properties in the company's inventory would benefit from the comparison not all the sales staff made use of the setup houses but filled it he said he'd liked to watch his prospects eyes light up when he showed the place he really wanted to sell them after they had seen the rundown houses the house I got them spotted for looks really great after they've first looked at a couple of dumps automobile dealers use the contrast principle by waiting until the price for a new car has been negotiated before suggesting one option after another that might be added in the wake of a $155,000 deal the 100 or so dollars required for a nicity like an FM radio seems almost trivial in comparison the same will be true of the added expense of accessories like tinted windows Dual side view mirrors white wall tires or special trim that the salesman might suggest in sequence the trick is to bring up the extras independently of one another so that each small price will seem Petty when compared to the already determined much larger one as the veteran car buyer can attest many a budget sized final price figure has ballooned from the addition of all those seemingly little options while the customer stands signed contract in hand wondering what happened and finding no one to blame but himself the car dealer stands smiling the knowing smile of the Jiu-Jitsu Master reader report from the parent of a college co-ed Dear Mother and Dad since I left for college I have been remiss in writing and I am sorry for my thoughtlessness in not having written before I will bring you up to date now but before you read on please sit down you are not to read any further unless you sitting down okay well then I am getting along pretty well now the skull fracture and the concussion I got when I jumped out the window of my dormatory when it caught on fire shortly after my arrival here is pretty well healed now I only spent 2 weeks in the hospital and now I can see almost normally and only get those sick headaches once a day fortunately the fire in the dormatory and my jump was witnessed by an attendant at the gas station near the dorm and he was the one who called the fire department and the ambulance he also visited me in the hospital and since I had nowhere to live because of the burnt out dormatory he was kind enough to invite me to share his apartment with him it's really a basement room but it's kind of cute he's a very fine boy and we have fallen deeply in love and are planning to get married we haven't got the exact date yet but it will be before my pregnancy begins to show yes Mother and Dad I am pregnant I know how much you were looking forward to being grandparents and I know you will welcome the baby and give it the same love and devotion and tender care you gave me when I was a child the reason for the delay in our marriage is that my boyfriend has a minor infection which prevents us from passing our PR marital blood tests and I carelessly caught it from him now that I brought you up to date I want to tell you that there was no dormatory fire I did not have a concussion or skull fracture I was not in the hospital I am not pregnant I am not engaged I am not infected and there is no boyfriend however I am getting a D in American history and an F in chemistry and I want you to see those marks in their proper perspective your loving daughter Sharon Sharon may be failing chemistry but she gets an a in Psychology chapter 2 reciprocation the old give and take and take pay every debt as if God wrote the Bill Ralph Waldo Emerson a few years ago a university Professor tried a little experiment he sent Christmas cards to a sample of perfect strangers although he expected some reaction the response he received was amazing holl cards addressed to him came pouring back from the people who had never met nor heard of him the great majority of those who returned a card never inquired into the identity of the unknown Professor they received his holiday greeting card click and were they automatically sent one in return while small in scope this study nicely shows the action of one of the most potent of the weapons of influence around us the rule for reciprocation the rule says that we should try to repay in kind what the person has provided us if a woman does us a favor we should do her one in return if a man sends us a birthday present we should remember his birthday with a gift of our own if a couple invites us to a party we should be sure to invite them to one of ours by virtue of the reciprocity rule then we are obligated to the Future repayment of favors gifts invitations and the like so typical is it for indebtedness to accompany the receipt of such things that a term like much obliged has become a synonym for thank you not only in the English language but in others as well the impressive aspect of the rule for reciprocation in the sense of obligation that goes with it is its pervasiveness in human culture it is so widespread that after intensive study sociologists such as Alvin goldner can report that there is no human society that does not subscribe to the rule and within each societ it seems pervasive also it permeates exchanges of every kind indeed it may well be that a developed system of indebtedness flowing from the rule for reciprocation is a unique property of human culture the noted archaeologist Richard Lecky ascribes the essence of what makes us human to the reciprocity system we are human because our ancestors learn to share their food and their skills in an honored network of obligation he says culture anthropologists Lionel tiger and Robin Fox view this web of indebtedness as a unique adaptive mechanism of human beings allowing for the division of labor the exchange of diverse forms of goods the exchange of different Services making it possible for experts to develop and the creation of a cluster of interdependencies that bind individuals together into highly efficient units it is the future orientation inherent in a sense of obligation that is critical to its ability to produce social advances of the sort described by Tiger and fox a widely shared and strongly held feeling of future obligation made an enormous difference in human social Evolution because it meant that one person could give something for example food energy care to another with confidence that it was not being lost for the first time in evolutionary history one individual could give away any of a variety of resources without actually giving them away the result was the lowering of the natural inhibitions against transactions that must be begun by one person's providing personal resources to another sophisticated and coordinated systems of Aid giftgiving defense and trade became possible bringing immense benefit to the societies that possessed them with such clearly adaptive consequences for the culture it is not surprising that the rule for reciprocation is so deeply imp planted in Us by the process of socialization we all undergo I know of no better illustration of how reciprocal obligations can reach long and powerfully into the future than the perplexing story of $5,000 of relief Aid that was sent in 1985 between Mexico and the impoverished people of Ethiopia in 1985 Ethiopia could justly lay claim to the greatest suffering and pration in the world its economy was in ruin its food supply had been ravaged by years of drought and internal War its inhabitants Were Dying by the thousands from disease and starvation under these circumstances I would not have been surprised to learn of a $5,000 relief donation from Mexico to that wrenchingly needy country I remember my chin hitting my chest though when a brief newspaper item I was reading insisted that the Aid had gone in the opposite direction native officials of the Ethiopian Red Cross had decided to send the money to help the victims of that Year's earthquakes in Mexico City it is both a personal Bane and a professional blessing that whenever I am confused by some aspect of human behavior I feel driven to investigate further in this instance I was able to track down a fuller account of the story fortunately a journalist who had been as bewildered as I was by the Ethiopians action had asked for an explanation the answer he received offers eloquent validation of the reciprocity rule despite the enormous needs prevailing in Ethiopia the money was being sent because Mexico had sent Aid to Ethiopia in 1935 when it was invaded by Italy so informed I remained awed but I was no longer puzzled the need to reciprocate had transcended great cultural differences long distances acute famine and immediate self-interest quite simply a half century later against all countervailing forces obligation triumphed make no mistake human societies derive a truly significant competitive Advantage from the reciprocity Rule and consequently they make sure their members are trained to comply with and believe in it each of us has been taught to live up to the rule and each of us knows about the social sanctions and derision applied to anyone who violates it the labels we assign to such a person are loaded with negativity mure ingrate welshire because there is General distaste for those who take and make no effort to give and return we will often go to Great Lengths to avoid being considered one of their number it is to those lengths that we will often be taken and in the process be taken by individuals who stand gain from our indebtedness to understand how the rule for reciprocation can be exploited by one who recognizes it as the source of influence it certainly is we might closely examine an experiment performed by Professor Dennis Regan of Cornell University a subject who participated in the study found himself rating along with another subject the quality of some paintings as part of an experiment on art appreciation the other Raider we can call him Joe was only posing as a fellow subject and was actually Dr Regan's assistant for our purposes the experiment took place under two different conditions in some cases Joe did a small unsolicited favor for the true subject during his short rest period he left the room for a couple of minutes and returned with two bottles of Coca-Cola one for the subject and one for himself saying I asked him the experimenter if I could get myself a Coke and he said it was okay so I bought one for you too in other cases Joe did not provide the subject with a favor he simply returned from the two-minute break empty-handed in all other respects however Joe behaved identically later on after the paintings had all been raided and the experimentor had momentarily left the room Joe asked the subject to do him a favor he indicated that he was selling raffle tickets for a new car and that if he sold the most tickets he would win $50 prize Joe's request was for the subject to buy some raffle tickets at 20 5 cents a piece any would help the more the better the major finding of the study concerns the number of tickets subjects purchased from Joe under the two conditions without question Joe was more successful in selling his raffle tickets to the subjects who had received his earlier favor apparently feeling that they owed him something these subjects bought twice as many tickets as the subjects who had not been given the prior favor although the rean study represents a fairly simple demonstration of the workings of the rule for reciprocation it illustrates several important characteristics of the rule that upon further consideration help us to understand how it may be profitably used the rule is overpowering one of the reasons reciprocation can be used so effectively as a device for gaining another's compliance is its power the rule possesses awesome strength often producing a a yes response to a request that except for an existing feeling of indebtedness would have surely been refused some evidence of how the rules force can overpower the influence of other factors that normally determine whether a request will be complied with can be seen in a second result of the Regan study besides his interest in the impact of the reciprocity rule on compliance rean was also interested in how liking for a person affects the tendency to comply with that person's request to measure how liking toward Joe affected the subject's decisions to buy his raffle tickets Regan had them fill out several rating scales indicating how much they liked Joe he then compared their liking responses with the number of tickets they had purchased from Joe there was a significant tendency for subjects to buy more raffle tickets from Joe the more they liked him but this alone is hardly a startling finding most of us would have guess that people are more willing to do a favor for someone they like the interesting thing about the rean experiment however is that the relationship between liking and compliance was completely wiped out in the condition under which subjects had been given a Coke by Joe for those who owed him a favor it made no difference whether they liked him or not they felt a sense of obligation to repay him and they did the subjects in that condition who indicated that they dis liked Joe bought just as many of his tickets as did those who indicated that they liked him the rule for reciprocity was so strong that it simply overwhelmed the influence of a factor liking for the requester that normally affects the decision to comply think of the implications people we might ordinarily dislike unsavory or unwelcome sales operators disagreeable acquaintances representatives of strange or unpopular organizations can greatly increase the chance that we will do what they wish merely by providing us with a small favor prior to requests let's take an example that by now many of us have encountered the harak Krishna Society is an Eastern religious sect with centuries old roots traceable to the Indian city of Kolkata but its spectacular modern day story occurred in the 1970s when it experienced a remarkable growth not only in followers but also in wealth and property the economic growth was funded through a variety of activities the principal and still most visible of which is the request for donations by Society members from passers by in public places during the early history of the group in this country the solicitation for contributions was attempted in a fashion memorable for anyone who saw it groups of Krishna devotees often with shaved heads and wearing ing ill-fitting robes leg wrappings beads and bells would canvas a city street chanting and bobbing in unison while begging for funds although highly effective as a technique for gaining attention this form of fundraising did not work especially well the average American considered the krishna's weird to say the least and was reluctant to provide money to support them it quickly became clear to the society that it had a considerable public relations problem the people being asked for contributions did not like the way the members looked dressed or acted had the society been an ordinary commercial organization the solution would have been simple change the things the public does not like but the krishnas are a religious organization and the way members look dress and act is partially tied to religious factors because in any denomination religious factors are typically resistant to change because of worldly considerations the chrishna leadership was faced with the real Dilemma on the one hand were beliefs modes of dress and hairstyles that had religious significance on the other hand threatening the organization's Financial welfare were the less than positive feelings of the American public toward these things what's a sect to do the krishna's resolution was brilliant they switched to a fundraising tactic that made it unnecessary for Target persons to have positive feelings toward the fundraisers they began to employ a donation request procedure that engaged the rule for reciprocation which as demonstrated by The Regan study is strong enough to overcome the factor of dislike for the requester the new strategy still involves the solicitation of contributions in public places with much pedestrian traffic airports are favorite but now before a donation is requested the target person is given a gift a book usually the babad Gita the back to godhead magazine of the society or in the most cost-effective version a flower the unsuspecting passer by who suddenly finds a flower pressed into his hands or pinned to his jacket is under no circumstances allowed to give it back even if he asserts that he does not want it no it is our gift to you says the solicitor refusing to accept it only after the Krishna member has thus brought the force of the reciprocation rule to bear on the situation is the target asked to provide a contribution to the society this benefactor before beggar strategy has been wildly successful for the harak Krishna Society producing large scale economic gains and funding the ownership of temples businesses houses and property in 321 centers in the United States and overseas as an aside it is instructive that that the reciprocation rule has begun to outlive its usefulness for the krishnas not because the rule itself is any less potent societally but because we have found ways to prevent the krishnas from using it on us after once falling victim to their tactic many Travelers are now alert to the presence of robed Krishna Society solicitors in airports and train stations adjusting their paths to avoid an encounter in preparing beforehand to ward off a solicitor's gift although this Society has tried to counter this increased vigilance by instructing members to be dressed and groomed in modern styles to avoid immediate recognition when soliciting some actually carry flight bags or suitcases even disguise has not worked especially well for the christas to many individuals now no better than to accept unrequested offerings in public places like airports furthermore airport administrators have initiated a number of procedures designed to forewarn us of the krishna's true identity and intent thus it is now common airport practice to restrict the krishna's soliciting activity to certain areas of the airport and to announce through signs and the public address system that the krishnas are soliciting there it is a testament to the societal value of reciprocation that we have chosen to fight the christianas mostly by seeking to avoid rather than to withstand the force of their gift giving the reciprocity rule that empowers their tactic is too strong and social beneficial for us to want to violate it politics is another arena in which the power of the reciprocity rule shows itself reciprocation tactics appear at every level at the top elected officials engage in log rolling and the exchange of favors that makes Politics the place of strange bedfellows indeed the OD of character vote of one of our elected representatives on a bill or measure can often be understood as a favor returned to the Bill's sponsor political analysts were amazed at lynon Johnson's ability to get so many of his programs through Congress during his early Administration even members of Congress who were thought to be strongly opposed to the proposals were voting for them close examination by political scientists has found the cause to be not so much Johnson's political Savvy as the large score of favors he had been able to provide to other legislators during his years of power in the House and Senate as president he was able to produce a truly remarkable amount of legislation in a short time by calling in those favors it is interesting that this same process May account for the problems Jimmy Carter had in getting his programs through Congress during his early Administration despite heavy Democratic majorities in both House and Senate Carter came to the presidency from outside the Capitol Hill establishment he campaigned on his outside Washington identity saying that he was indebted to no one there much of his legislative difficulty upon arriving may be traced to the fact that no one there was indebted to him at another level we can see the recognized strength of the reciprocity rule in the desire of Corporations and individuals to provide judicial and legislative officials with gifts and favors and in the series of legal restrictions against such gifts and favors even with legitimate political contributions the stockpiling of obligations often underlies the stated purpose of supporting a favorite candidate one look at the lists of companies and organizations that contribute to the campaigns of both major candidates in important elections gives evidence of such motives a skeptic requiring direct evidence of the quidd proquo expected by political contributors might look to the remarkably bald-faced admission by Charles H keing Jr who was later convicted on multiple counts of fraud in this country's Savings and Loan disaster addressing the question of whether a connection existed between the $1.3 million he had contributed to the campaigns of five US senators and their subsequent actions in his behalf against Federal Regulators he asserted I want to say in the most forceful way I can I certainly hope so at the Grassroots level local political or organizations have learned that the principal way to keep their candidates in office is to make sure they provide a wide range of little favors to the voters the ward Healers of many cities still operate effectively in this fashion but ordinary citizens are not alone in trading political support for small personal favors during the 1992 presidential primary campaign actress Sally Kellerman was asked why she was lending her name and efforts to the candidacy of Democratic hopeful Jerry Brown her reply 20 years ago I asked 10 friends to help me move he was the only one who showed up of course the power of reciprocity can be found in the merchandising field as well although the number of possible examples is large let's examine a pair of familiar ones deriving from the free sample as a marketing technique the free sample has a long and effective history in most instances a small amount of the relevant product is provided to potential customers for the stated purpose of allowing them to try to see if they like it and certainly this is a legitimate desire of the manufacturer to expose the public to the qualities of product the beauty of the free sample however is that it is also a gift and as such can Engage The reciprocity rule in true Jiu-Jitsu fashion the promoter who gives free samples can release the natural indebting force inherent in a gift while innocently appearing to have only the intention to inform a favorite place for free samples is the supermarket where customers are frequently provided with small cubes of a certain variety of cheese or meat to try many people find it difficult to accept a sample from the always smiling attendant return only the toothpick and walk away instead they buy some of the product even if they might not have liked it especially well a highly effective variation on this marketing procedure is Illustrated in the case cited by Vance Packard in the hidden persuaders of the Indiana Supermarket operator who sold an astounding 1,000 lb of cheese in a few hours One Day by putting out the cheese and inviting customers to cut off slivers for themselves as free samples a different version of the free sample tactic is used by the Amway Corporation a rapid growth company that manufactures and distributes household and personal care products in a vast national network of door-to-door neighborhood sales the company which has grown from a basement run operation a few years ago to a 1.5 billion doll yearly sales business makes use of the free sample in a device called the bug the bug consists of a collection of Amway products bottles of furniture polish detergent or shampoo spray containers of deodorizers in insect Killers or window cleaners carried to the customer's home in a specially designed tray or just a polythylene bag the confidential Amway career manual then instructs the salesperson to leave the bug with the customer for 24 48 or 72 hours at no cost or obligation to her just tell her you would like her to try the products that's an offer no one can refuse at the end of the trial period the Amway representative returns and pick up orders for those of the products the customer wishes to purchase since few customers use up the entire contents of even one of the product containers in such a short time the salesperson May then take the remaining product portions in the bug to the next potential customer down the line or across the street and start the process again many Amway Representatives have several bugs circulating in their districts at one time of course by now you and I know that the customer who has accepted and used the bug products has been trapped into facing the influence of the reciprocity rule many such customers yield to a sense of obligation to order those of the salesperson's products that they have tried and thereby partially consumed and of course by now the Amway Corporation knows that to be the case even in a company with as excellent a growth record as Amway the bug device has created a a big stir reports by State Distributors to the parent company record a remarkable effect unbelievable we've never seen such excitement product is moving at an unbelievable rate and we've only just begun local Distributors took the bugs and we've had an unbelievable increase in sales from Illinois distributor the most fantastic retail idea we've ever had on the average customers purchased about half the total amount of the bug when it is picked up in one word tremendous we've never seen a response within our entire organization like this from Massachusetts distributor the mway Distributors appear to be bewildered happily so but nonetheless bewildered by the startling power of the bug of course by now you and I should not be the reciprocity rule governs many situations of a purely interpersonal nature where neither money nor commercial exchange is at issue perhaps my favorite illustration of the enormous Force available from the reciprocation weapon of influence comes from such a situation the European scientist iel ielt provides the account of a German soldier during World War I whose job was to capture enemy soldiers for interrogation because of the nature of the trench warfare at that time it was extremely difficult for armies to cross the no man's land between opposing front lines but it was not so difficult for a single soldier to crawl across and slip into an enemy trench position the armies of the Great War had experts who regularly did so to capture an enemy soldier who would then be brought back for questioning the German expert of our account had often successfully completed such missions in the past and was sent on another once again he skillfully negotiated the area between fronts and surprised a lone enemy soldier in his trench the unsuspecting soldier who had been eating at the time was easily disarmed the frightened captive with only a piece of bread on his hand then performed what may have been the most important Act of his life he gave his enemy some of the bread so affected was the German by this gift that he could not complete his mission he turned from his benefactor and recrossed the No Man's Land empty-handed to face the wrath of his superiors an equally compelling Point regarding the power of reciprocity comes from an account of a woman who saved her life not by giving a gift as did the captured Soldier but by refusing a gift and the powerful obligations that went with it the woman Diane Louie was an inhabitant of Jonestown Guyana in November of 1978 when its leader Jim Jones called for the mass suicide of all residents most of whom compliantly drank and died from a vat of poison laced Kool-Aid Diane Louie however rejected Ed Jan's command and made her way out of Jonestown and into the jungle she attributes her willingness to do so to her earlier refusal to accept special favors from him when she was in need she turned down his offer of special food while she was Ill because I knew once he gave me those privileges he'd have me I didn't want to owe him nothing the rule enforces Uninvited debts earlier we suggested that the power of the reciprocity rule is such that by first doing us a favor strange disliked or unwelcome others can enhance the chance that we will comply with one of their requests however there's another aspect of the rule besides its power that allows this phenomenon to occur another person can trigger a feeling of indebtedness by doing us an Uninvited favor recall that the rule only states that we should provide to others the kind of actions they have provided us it does not require us to have asked for what we have received in order to feel obligated to repay for instance the disabled American veterans organization reports that its simple mail appeal for donations produces a response rate of about 18% but when the mailing also includes an unsolicited gift gummed individualized address labels the success rate nearly doubles to 35% this is not to say that we might not feel a stronger sense of obligation to return a favor we have requested only that such a request is not necessary to produce our indebtedness if we reflect for a moment about the social purpose of the reciprocity rule we can see why this should be so the rule was established to promote the development of reciprocal relationships between individuals so that one person could initiate such a relationship without the fear of loss if the rule is to serve that purpose then an Uninvited first favor must have the ability to create an obligation recall also that reciprocal relationships confer an extraordinary Advantage upon cultures that Foster them and that consequently there will be strong pressures to ensure that the rule does serve its purpose Little Wonder then that the influential French Anthropologist Marcel Mouse in describing the social pressures surrounding the giftgiving process in human culture can state there is an obligation to give an obligation to receive and an obligation to repay although the obligation to repay constitutes the essence of the reciprocity rule it is the obligation to receive that makes the rule so easy to exploit the obligation to receive reduces our ability to choose whom we wish to be indebted to and puts that power in the hands of others let's reexamine a pair of earlier examples to get a sense of how the process works first let's return to the Regan study where we find that the favor causing subjects to double the number of raffle tickets purchased from Joe was not one they had requested Joe had voluntarily left the room and returned with one Coke for himself and one for the subject there was not a single subject who refused the coke it is easy to see why it would have been awkward to turn down Joe's favor Joe had already spent his money a soft drink was an appropriate favor in the situation especially since Joe had one himself it would have been considered impolite to reject Joe's thoughtful action nevertheless receipt of that coke produced an indebtedness that manifested itself clearly when Joe announced his desire to sell some raffle tickets notice the important as symmetry here all the genuinely free choices were Joe's he chose the form of the initial favor and he chose the form of the return favor of course one could say that the subject had the choice of saying no to both of Joe's offers but those would have been tough choices to have said No at either point would have required the subject to go against the natural cultural forces favoring reciprocation Arrangements that jiujitsu Joe had aligned himself with the extent to which even an unwanted favor once re pered can produce indebtedness is aptly Illustrated in the soliciting technique of the H Krishna Society during systematic observation of the airport soliciting strategy of the krishnas I have recorded a variety of responses from Target persons one of the most regular occurs as follows an airport visitor a businessman let's say is hurriedly walking along through a densely peopled area the Krishna solicitor steps in front of him and hands a flower the man reacting with surprise takes it almost immediately he tries to give it back saying that he does not want the flower the Krishna member responds that it is a gift from the Krishna society and that it is the mans to keep however a donation to further the society's good works would be appreciated again the target protests I don't want this flower here take it and again the solicitor refuses it's our gift to you sir there is visible conflict on the businessman's face should he keep the flower and walk away without giving anything in return or should he yield to the pressure of the deeply ingrained reciprocity Rule and provide a contribution by now the conflict has spread from his face to his posture he leans away from his benefactor seemingly about to break free only to be drawn Back Again by the pull of the rule once more his body tilts away but it's no use he cannot disengage with a nod of resignation he fishes in his pocket and comes up with a dollar or two that is graciously accepted now he can walk away freely and he does gift in hand until he encounters a waste container where he throws the flower purely by accident I happen to witness a scene that demonstrates that the Christians know very well how frequently their gifts are unwanted by the people who receive them while spending a day observing a soliciting Krishna group at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport a few years ago I noticed that one of the group members would frequently leave the central area and return with more flowers to resupply her companions as it happened I decided to take a break just as she was leaving on one of her Supply missions having nowhere to go I followed her journey turned out to be a garbage route she went from trash can to trash can beyond the immediate area to retrieve all the flowers that had been discarded by Krishna targets she then returned with the cash of recovered flowers that had been recycled who knows how many times and distributed them to be profitably cycled through the reciprocation process once more the thing that really impressed me about all this was that most of the discarded flowers had brought donations from the people who had cast them away the nature of the reciprocity rule is such that a gift so unwanted that it was jettisoned at the first opportunity had nonetheless been effective and exploitable the ability of Uninvited gifts to produce feelings of obligation is recognized by a variety of organizations besides the christnas how many times have each of us received small gifts through the mail personalized address labels greeting cards key rings from charity agencies that ask for funds in an accompanying note I have received five in just the past year two from disabled veterans groups and the others from missionary schools or hospitals in each case there was a Common Thread in the accompanying message the goods that were enclosed were to be considered a gift from the organization and any money I wish to send should not be regarded as payment but rather as a return offering as the letter from one of the missionary programs stated the packet of greeting cards I had been sent was not to be directly paid for but was designed to encourage your kindness if we look past the obvious tax advantage we can see a reason why it would be beneficial for the organization to have cards viewed as a gift instead merchandise there is a strong cultural pressure to reciprocate a gift even an unwanted one but there is no such pressure to purchase an unwanted commercial product the rule can trigger unfair exchanges there is yet one other feature of the reciprocity rule that allows it to be exploited for profit paradoxically the rule developed to promote equal exchanges between partners yet yet it can be used to bring about decidedly unequal results the rule demands that one sort of action be reciprocated with a similar sort of action a favor is to be met with another favor it is not to be met with neglect and certainly not with attack but within the similar action boundaries considerable flexibility is allowed a small initial favor can produce a sense of obligation to agree to a substantially larger return favor since as we have already seen the rule allows one person to choose the nature of the indebting first favor and the nature of the debt cancelling return favor we could easily be manipulated into an unfair exchange by those who might wish to exploit the rule once again we can turn to the Regan experiment for evidence remember in that study that Joe gave one group of subjects a bottle of Coca-Cola as an initiating gift and later asked all subjects to buy some of his raffle tickets at 25 cents a piece what I have so far neglected to mention is that the study was done in the late 1960s when the price of a Coke was a dime the average subject who had been given a 10-cent drink bought two of Joe's raffle tickets although some bought as many as seven even if we look just at the average subject though we can tell that Joe made quite a deal a 500% return on investment is respectable indeed but in Joe's case even a 500% return amounted to only 50 CS can the reciprocity rule produce meaningfully large differences in the sizes of the exchanged favors under the right circumstances it certainly can take for instance the account of a student of mine concerning a day she remembers ruul about one year ago I couldn't start my car as I was sitting there a guy in the parking lot came over and eventually jump started the car I said thanks and he said you're welcome as he was leaving I said that if he ever needed a favor to stop by about a month later the guy knocked on my door and asked to borrow my car for 2 hours as his was in the shop I felt somewhat obligated but uncertain since the car was pretty new and he looked very young later I found out that he was underage and had no insurance anyway I lent him the car he total it how could it happen that an intelligent young woman would agree to turn over her new car to a virtual stranger and a youngster at that because he had done her a small favor a month earlier or more generally why should it be that small first favors often stimulate larger return favors one important reason concerns the clearly unpleasant character of the feeling of indebtedness most of us find it highly disagreeable to be in a state of obligation it weighs heavily on us and demands to be removed moved it is not difficult to trace the source of this feeling because reciprocal arrangements are so vital in human social systems we have been conditioned to be uncomfortable when beholden if we were to ignore breezily the need to return another's initial favor we would stop one reciprocal sequence dead and would make it less likely that our benefactor would do such favors in the future neither event is in the best interests of society consequently we are trained from childhood to chafe emotionally under the saddle of obligation for this reason alone then we may be willing to agree to perform a larger favor than we received merely to relieve ourselves of the psychological burden of debt but there is another reason as well a person who violates the reciprocity rule by accepting without attempting to return the good acts of others is actively disliked by the social group the exception of course is when the person is prevented from rep pay by reasons of circumstance or ability for the most part however there is a genuine distaste for individuals who fail to conform to the dictates of the reciprocity Rule mucher and Welter are unsavory labels to be scrupulously shunned so undesirable are they that we will sometimes agree to an unequal Exchange in order to dodge them in combination the reality of internal discomfort and the possibility of external shame can produce a heavy psychological CA cost when seen in the light of this cost it is not so puzzling that we will often give back more than we have received in the name of reciprocity neither is it so odd that as was shown in an experiment conducted at the University of Pittsburgh people will often avoid asking for a needed favor if they will not be in a position to repay it the psychological cost May simply outweigh the material loss the risk of still other kinds of losses may also persu people to decline certain gifts and benefits women frequently comment on the uncomfortable sense of obligation they can feel to return the favors of a man who has given them an expensive present or paid for a costly evening out even something as small as the price of a drink can produce a feeling of debt a student in one of my classes expressed it quite plainly in a paper she wrote after learning the hard way I no longer let a guy I meet in a club buy my drinks because I don't want either of us to feel that I am obligated sexually research suggests that there is a basis for her concern If instead of paying for them herself a woman allows a man to buy her drinks she is immediately judged by both men and women as more sexually available him reciprocal concessions there is a second way to employ the reciprocity rule to get someone to comply with the request it is more subtle than the direct route of providing that person with a favor and then asking for one in return yet in some ways it is more devastatingly effective than the straightforward approach a personal experience I had a few years ago gave me firsthand evidence of just how well this compliance technique works I was walking down the street when I was approached by an 11 or 12-year-old boy he introduced himself and said that he was selling tickets to the annual Boy Scout circus to be held on the upcoming Saturday night he asked if I wish to buy any at $5 a piece since one of the last places I wanted to spend Saturday evening was with the Boy Scouts I declined well he said if you don't want to buy any tickets how about buying some of our big chocolate bars they're only a dollar each I bought a couple and right away realized that something noteworthy had happened I knew that to be the case because a I do not like chocolate bars B I do like dollars C I was standing there with two of his chocolate bars and D he was walking away with two of my dollars to try to understand precisely what had happened I went to my office and called a meaning of my research assistants in discussing the situation we began to see how the reciprocity rule was implicated in my compliance with the request to buy the candy bars the general rule says that a person who acts in a certain way toward us is entitled to a similar return action we have already seen that one consequence of the rule is an obligation to repay favors we have received another consequence of the rule however is an obligation to make a concession to someone who has made a concession to us as my research group thought about it we realized that was exactly the position the Boy Scout had put me in his request that I purchase some $1 chocolate bars had been put in the form of a concession on his part it was presented as a retreat from his request that I buy some $5 tickets if I were to live up to the dictates of the reciprocation rule there had to be a concession on my part as we have seen there was such a concession I changed from non-compliant to compliant when he changed from a larger to a smaller request even though I was not really interested in either of the things he offered it was a classic example of how a weapon of automatic influence can Infuse a compliance request with its power I had been moved to buy something not because of any favorable feelings toward the item but because the purchase request had been presented in a way that Drew force from the reciprocity rule it had not mattered that I do not like chocolate bars the Boy Scout had made a concession to me click and were I responded with a concession of my own of course the tendency to reciprocate a concession is not so strong that it will invariably work in all instances on all people none of the weapons of influence considered in this this book is that strong however in my exchange with the Boy Scout the tendency had been sufficiently potent to Lead Me in mystified possession of a pair of unwanted and overpriced candy bars why should I feel arrain to reciprocate a concession the answer rests once again in the benefit of such a tendency to the society it is in the interests of any human group to have its members working together toward the achievement of common goals however in many social interactions the participants begin with requirements and demands that are unacceptable to one another thus the society must arrange to have these initial incompatible desires set aside for the sake of socially beneficial cooperation this is accomplished through procedures that promote compromise Mutual concession is one important such procedure the reciprocation rule brings about Mutual concession in two ways the first is obvious it pressures the recipient of an already made concession to respond in kind the second while not so obvious is pivotally important just as in the case of favors gifts or Aid the obligation to reciprocate a concession encourages the creation of socially desirable Arrangements by ensuring that anyone seeking to start such an arrangement will not be exploited after all if there were no social obligation to reciprocate a concession who would want to make the first sacrifice to do so would be to risk giving up something and getting nothing back however with the rule in effect we can feel safe making the first sacrifice to our partner who is obligated to offer a return sacrifice because the rule for reciprocation governs the compromise process it is possible to use an initial concession as part of a highly effective compliance technique the technique is a simple one that we can call the Rejection then Retreat technique suppose you want me to agree to a certain request one way to increase your chances would be first to make a larger request of me one that I will most likely turn down then after I have refused you would make the smaller request that you were really interested in all along provided that you have structured your request skillfully I should view your second request as a concession to me and should feel inclined to respond with a concession my own the only one I would have immediately opened to me compliance with your second request was that how the Boy Scout got me to buy his candy bars was his Retreat from the $5 request to the $1 request an artificial one that was intentionally designed to sell candy bars as one who has still refused to discard even his first Scout merit badge I genuinely hope not but whether or not the large request then smaller request sequence was planned its effect was the same it worked and because it works the rejection then Retreat technique can and will be used purposely by certain people to get their way first let's examine how this tactic can be used as a reliable compliance device later we will see how it is already being used finally we can turn to a pair of little known features of the technique that make it one of the most pervasively influential compliance tactics available remember that after my encounter with the Boy Scout I called my research assistants together to try to understand what had happened to me and as it turned out to eat the evidence actually we did more than that we designed an experiment to test the effectiveness of the procedure of moving to a desired request after a larger preliminary request had been refused we had two primary purposes in conducting the experiment first we wanted to see whether this procedure worked on people besides myself that is it certainly seemed that the tactic had been effective when tried on me earlier in the day but then I have a history of falling for compliance tricks of All Sorts so the question remained does the rejection then Retreat technique work on enough people to make it a useful procedure for gaining compliance if so it would definitely be something to be aware of in the future our second reason for doing this study was to determine how powerful a compliance device the technique was could it bring about compliance with a genuinely sizable request in other words did the smaller request to which the requestor retreated have to be a small request if our thinking about what caused the technique to be effective was correct the second request did not actually have to be small it only had to be smaller than the initial one it was our suspicion that the critical thing about a requester's retreat from a larger to a smaller favor was its appearance as a concession so the second request could be an objectively large one as long as it was smaller than the first request and the technique would still work after a bit of thought we decided to try the technique on a request that we felt few people would agree to perform posing as representatives of the County Youth counseling program we approached college students walking on campus and asked if they would be willing to Chaperone a group of juvenile delinquents on a day trip to the zoo the idea of being responsible for a group of juvenile delinquents of unspecified age for hours in a public place without pay was hardly an inviting one for these students as we expected the great majority 83% refused yet we obtained very different results from a similar sample of college students who were asked the very same question with one difference before we invited them to serve as unpaid chaperons on the zoo trip we asked them for an even larger favor to spend two hours per week as a counselor to a juvenile delinquent for a minimum of 2 years it was only after they refused this extreme request as all did that we made the smaller zoo trip request by presenting the zoo trip as a retreat from our initial request our success rate increased dramatically three times as many of the students approached in this manner volunteered to serve as Zoo chaperon be assured that any strategy able to Triple the percentage of compliance with a substantial request from 177% to 50% in our experiment will be frequently employed in a variety of natural settings labor negotiators for instance often use the tactic of beginning with extreme demands that they do not actually expect to win but from which they can retreat in a series of seeming concessions designed to draw real concessions from the opposing side it would appear then that the larger the initial request the more effective the procedure since there would be more room available for illusory concessions this is true only up to a point however research conducted at barlan University in Israel on the rejection then Retreat technique shows that if the first set of Demands is so Extreme as to be seen as unreasonable the tactic backfires in such cases the party who has made the extreme first request is not seen to be be bargaining in good faith any subsequent Retreat from that wholly unrealistic initial position is not viewed as a genuine concession and thus is not reciprocated the truly gifted negotiator then is one whose initial position is exaggerated enough to allow for a series of reciprocal concessions that will yield a desirable final offer from the opponent yet is not so outlandish as to be seen as illegitimate from the start it seems that certain of the most successful television producers such as Grant tinker and Gary Marshall are masters of this art and their negotiations with network sensors in a candid interview with TV Guide writer dick Russell both admitted to deliberately inserting lines into scripts that a sensor sure to act so that they could then Retreat to the lines they really wanted included Marshall appears especially active in this regard consider for example the following quotes from Russell's article but Marshall not only admits his tricks he seems to Revel in them on one episode of his then toprated lever and Shirley series for example he says we had a situation where squiggy's in a rush to get out of his apartment and meet some girls upstairs he says will you hurry up before I lose my lust but in the script we put something even stronger knowing the sensors would cut it they did so we asked innocently well how about we lose my lust that's good they said sometimes you got to go at them backward on the Happy Days series the biggest censorship fight was over the word virgin that time says Marshall I knew we'd have trouble so we put the word in seven times hoping they'd cut six and keep one it worked we used the same pattern again with the word pregnant I witnessed another form of the rejection and Retreat technique in my investigations of door door sales operations these organizations used a less engineered more opportunist IC version of the tactic of course the most important goal for a door-to-door salesperson is to make the sale however the training programs of each of the companies I investigated emphasized that a second important goal was to obtain from prospects the names of referrals friends relatives or Neighbors on whom we could call for a variety of reasons we will discuss in chapter 5 the percentage of successful dodor sales increases impressively when the sales operator is able to to mention the name of a familiar person who recommended the sales visit never as a sales trainee was I taught to get the sales pitch refused so that I could then Retreat to a request for referrals in several such programs though I was trained to take advantage of the opportunity to secure referrals offered by a customer's purchase refusal well if it is your feeling that a fine set of encyclopedias is not right for you at this time perhaps you could help me by giving me the names of some others who might wish to take advantage of our our company's great offer what would be the names of some of these people you know many individuals who would not otherwise subject their friends to a high- pressure sales presentation do agree to supply referrals when the request is presented as a concession from a purchase request they have just refused we have already discussed one reason for the success of the rejection and Retreat technique it's incorporation of the reciprocity rule this larger then smaller request strategy is effective for a pair of other reasons as well the first concerns the perceptual contrast principle we encountered in chapter 1 that principle accounted for among other things the tendency of a man to spend more money on a sweater following his purchase of a suit than before after being exposed to the price of the large item the price of the less expensive one appears smaller by comparison in the same way the larger than smaller request procedure May makes use of the contrast principle by making the smaller requests look even smaller by comparison with the larger one if I want you to lend me $5 I can make it seem like a smaller request by first asking you to lend me $10 one of the beauties of this tactic is that by first requesting $10 and then retreating to $5 I will have simultaneously engaged the force of the reciprocity Rule and the contrast principle not only will my $5 request be viewed as a concession to be reciprocated it will also look to you like a smaller request than if I had just asked for it straight away in combination the influences of reciprocity and perceptual contrast can present a fearsomely powerful force embodied in the rejection and Retreat sequence their conjoined energies are capable of genuinely astonishing effects it is my feeling that they provide the only really plausible explanation of one of the most baffling political actions of our time the decision to break into the Watergate offices of the Democratic National Committee that led to the ruin of Richard Nixon's presidency one of the participants in that decision Jeb Stewart McGruder upon first hearing that the Watergate burglar had been caught responded with appropriate bewilderment how could we have been so stupid indeed how to understand how enormously ill-conceived an idea it was for the Nixon Administration to undertake the break it is necessary to review a few facts the idea was that of G Gordon lyy who was in charge of intelligence gathering operations for the committee to reelect the president CRP lyy had gained a reputation among Administration hups as something of a flake and there were questions about his stability and judgment lyd's proposal was extremely costly requiring a budget of $250,000 in untraceable cash in late March when the proposal was approved in a meeting of the CRP director John Mitchell and his assistants McGruder and Frederick laroo the outlook for a Nixon victory in the November election could not have been brighter edman musky the only announced candidate the early polls had given a chance of unseating the president had done poorly in the primaries it looked very much as though the most defeatable candidate George McGovern would win his party's nomination a republican Victory seemed assured the break-in plan itself was a highly risky operation requiring the participation and discretion of 10 men the Democratic National Committee and its chairman Lawrence O'Brien whose Watergate office was to be burglarized and bugged had no information damaging enough to defeat the incumbent president nor were they likely to get any unless the administration did something very very foolish despite the obvious counsel of the above reasons the expensive chancy pointless and potentially calamitous proposal of a man whose judgment was known to be questionable was approved how could it be that intelligent men of the attainment of Mitchell and McGruder would do something so very very foolish perhaps the answer lies in a little discussed fact the $250,000 plan they approved was not ly's first first proposal in fact it represented a significant concession on his part from two earlier proposals of immense proportions the first of these plans made two months earlier in a meeting with Mitchell McGruder and John Dean described a $1 million program that included in addition to the bugging of the Watergate a specially equipped Communications Chase plane break-ins kidnapping and mugging squads and a yacht featuring highclass call girls to black male Democrat politicians a second litty plan presented a week later to the same group of Mitchell McGruder and Dean eliminated some of the program and reduced the cost $500,000 it was only after these initial proposals had been rejected by Mitchell that lydy submitted his barebones $250,000 plan in this instance to Mitchell McGruder and Frederick luru this time the plan still stupid but less so than the previous ones was approved could it be that I a longtime paty and John Mitchell a hardened and canny politician might both have been so easily maneuvered into bad deals by the same compliance tactic I by a Boy Scout selling candy and he by a man selling political disaster if we examine the testimony of Jeb McGruder considered by most Watergate investigators to provide the most faithful account of the crucial meeting at which lyd's plan was finally accepted there are some instructive Clues first Mudder reports that no one was particularly overwhelmed with the project but after starting at the grandio sum of $1 million we thought that probably $250,000 would be an acceptable figure we were reluctant to send him away with nothing Mitchell caught up in the feeling that we should leave lydy a little something signed off on it in the sense of saying okay let's give him a qu a million dollars and let's see what he can come up with in the context of lyd's initial extreme requests it seems that a quarter of a million dollars had come to be a little something to be left as a return concession with the clarity afforded by hindsight McGruder had recalled lyd's approach in as succinct an illustration of the rejection and Retreat technique as I have ever heard if he had come to us at the outset and said I have a plan to burglarize and wir tap Larry O'Brien's off office we might have rejected the idea out of hand instead he came to us with his elaborate call Girl kidnapping mugging sabotage wiretapping scheme he had asked for the whole loaf when he was quite content to settle for half or even a quarter it is also instructed that although he finally deferred to his boss's decision only one member of the group Frederick laru expressed any direct opposition to the proposal saying with obvious common sense I don't think it's worth the risk he must have wondered why his colleagues Mitchell and McGruder did not share his perspective of course there could be many differences between laru and the other two men that may have accounted for their differing opinions regarding the advisability of ly's plan but one stands out of the three only laru had not been present at the prior two meetings where lyy had outlined his much more ambitious programs perhaps then only laru was able to see the Third proposal for the clunker that it was and to react to it objectively uninfluenced by the reciprocity and perceptual contrast forces acting upon the others a bit earlier we said that the rejection then Retreat technique had in addition to the reciprocity rule a pair of other factors working in its favor we have already discussed the first of those factors the perceptual contrast principle the additional advantage of the technique is not really a psychological Principle as in the case of the other two factors it is more of a purely structural feature of the request sequence let's once again say that I wish to borrow $5 from you by beginning with a $10 request I really can't lose if you agreed to it I will have gotten twice the amount from you I would have settled for if on the other hand you turned down my initial request I can Retreat to the $5 favor that I desired from the outset and through the action of of the reciprocity and contrast principles greatly enhan my likelihood of success either way I benefit it's a case of heads I win taals you lose the clearest utilization of this aspect of the larger than smaller request sequence occurs in the retail store sales practice of talking the top of the line here the prospect is invariably shown the deluxe model first if the customer buys there is frosting on the store's cake however if the customer declines the salesperson effectively counter offers with a more reasonably priced model some proof of the effectiveness of this procedure comes from a report in Sales Management magazine reprinted without comment in consumer reports if you were a billiard table dealer which would you advertise the $329 model or the $3,000 model the chances are you would promote the low priced item and hope to trade the customer up when he comes to buy but G Warren Kelly new business promotion manager at Brunswick says you could be wrong to prove his point Kelly has actual sales figures from a representative store during the first week customers were shown the low end of the line and then encouraged to consider more expensive models the traditional trading up approach the average table sale that week was $550 however during the second week customers were LED instantly to a $3,000 table regardless of what they wanted to see and then allowed to shop the rest of the line in declining order of price and quality the result of selling down was an average sale of over $11,000 given the remarkable effectiveness of the rejection and Retreat technique one might think that there could be a substantial disadvantage as well the victims of the strategy might resent having been cornered into compliance the resentment could show itself in a couple of ways first the victim might decide not to live up to the verbal agreement made with the requestor second the victim might come to distrust the manipulative requestor deciding never to deal with him again if either or both of these events occurred with any frequency a requestor would want to give serious second thought to the use of the rejection then Retreat procedure Research indicates however that these victim reactions do not occur with increased frequency when the rejection then Retreat technique is used somewhat astonishingly it appears that they actually occur less frequently before trying to understand why this is the case let's first look at evidence a study published in Canada throws light on the question of whether a victim of the rejection then Retreat tactic will follow through with the agreement to perform the requester's second favor in addition to recording whether Target persons said yes or no to the desired request to work for two unpaid hours one day and Community Mental Health Agency this experiment also recorded whether they showed up to perform their duties as promised as usual the procedure of starting with a larger request to volunteer for two hours of work per week in the agency for at least two years produced more verbal agreement to the smaller Retreat request 76% than did the procedure of asking for the smaller request alone 29% the important result though concerned the showup rate of those who vol teered and again the rejection then Retreat procedure was the more effective one 85% versus 50% a different experiment examined whether the rejection then Retreat sequence caused victims to feel so manipulated that they would refuse any further requests in this study the targets were college students who were each asked to give a pint of blood as part of the annual campus blood drive one group of targets was first asked to give a pint of blood every 6 weeks for a minimum of 3 years the other targets were asked only to give the single pint of blood those of both groups who agreed to give a pint of blood and who later appeared at the blood center were then asked if they would be willing to give their phone numbers so they could be called upon to donate again in the future nearly all the students who were about to give a pint of blood as a result of the rejection and Retreat technique agreed to donate again later 84% while less than half of the other students who appeared appeared at the blood center did so 43% even for future favors the rejection then Retreat strategy proved Superior strangely enough then it seems that the rejection then Retreat tactic Spurs people not only to agree to a desired request but actually to carry out the request and finally to volunteer to perform further requests what could there be about the technique that makes people who have been duped into compliance so bewilder ly likely to continue to comply for an answer we might look at the requester's AC of concession which is the heart of the procedure we have already seen that as long as it is not viewed to be a transparent trick the concession will likely stimulate a return concession but what we have not yet examined is a little known pair of positive byproducts of the active concession feelings of Greater responsibility for and satisfaction with the arrangement it is this set of sweet side effects that enables the technique to move its victims to fulfill their agreements and to engage in further such agreements the desirable side effects of making a concession during an interaction with another person are nicely shown in studies of the way people bargain with each other one experiment conducted by social psychologists at UCLA offers an especially apt demonstration a subject in that study faced a negotiation opponent and was told to bargain with the opponent concerning how to divide between themselves a certain amount of money provided by the experimenters the subject was also informed that if no mutual agreement could be reached after a certain period of bargaining no one would get any money unknown to the subjects the opponent was really an experimental assistant who had been previously instructed to bargain with the subject in one of three ways with some of the subjects the opponent made an extreme first demand assigning virtually all of the money to himself and stubbornly persisted in that demand throughout the negotiations with another group of subjects the opponent began with a demand that was moderately favorable to himself he too steadfastly refused to move from that position during the negotiations with a third group The opponent began with the extreme demand and then gradually retreated to the more moderate one during the course of the bar in there were three important findings in this experiment that help us to understand why the rejection then Retreat technique is so effective first compared to the two other approaches the strategy of starting with an extreme demand and then retreating to the more moderate one produce the most money for the person using it but this result is not very surprising in light of the previous evidence we have seen of the power of larger than smaller request tactics to bring about profitable agreements it is the two additional findings of the study that are more striking responsibility those subjects facing the opponent who used the retreating strategy felt most responsible for the final deal much more than the subjects who faced a non-changing negotiation opponent these subjects reported that they had successfully influenced the opponent to take less money for himself of course we know that they hadn't done any such thing the experim Mentor had instructed their opponent to retreat gradually from his initial demand no matter what the subjects did but it appeared to these subjects that they had made the opponent change that they had produced his concessions the result was that they felt more responsible for the final outcome of the negotiations it does not require much of a leap from this finding to clarify the previous mystery of why the rejection then Retreat technique causes its targets to live up to their agreements with such astounding frequen the requester's concession within the technique not only causes targets to say yes more often it also causes them to feel more responsible for having dictated the final agreement thus The Uncanny ability of the rejection then Retreat technique to make its targets meet their commitments becomes understandable a person who feels responsible for the terms of a contract will be more likely to live up to that contract satisfaction even though on the average they gave the most money to the opponent who used the concessions strategy the subjects who were the targets of this strategy were the most satisfied with the final Arrangement it appears that an agreement that has been forged through the concessions of one's opponent is quite satisfying with this in mind we can begin to explain the second previously puzzling feature of the rejection then Retreat tactic the ability to prompt its victims to age to further requests since the tactic uses a concession to bring about compliance the victim is likely to feel more satisfied with the arrangement as a result and it stands to reason that people who are satisfied with a given Arrangement are more likely to be willing to agree to further such Arrangements how to say no when up against a requestor who employs the rule for reciprocation you and I face a formidable foe whether by presenting us with an initial favor or initial concession the requestor will have enlisted a powerful Ally in the campaign for our compliance at first glance our Fortunes in such a situation would appear dismal we could comply with the requestor wish and in so doing succumb to the reciprocity rule or we could refuse to comply and thereby suffer the brunt of the rues force Upon Our deeply conditioned feelings of fairness and surrender or suffer heavy casualties cheerless prospects indeed fortunately these are not our only choices with the proper understanding of the nature of our opponent we can come away from the compliance Battlefield unhe hurt and sometimes even better off than before it is essential to recognize that the requestor who invokes the reciprocation rule or any other weapon of influence to gain our compliance is not the real opponent such a requestor has chosen to become a Jiu-Jitsu Warrior who aligns himself with the sweeping power of reciprocation and then merely releases That Power by providing a first favor or concession the real opponent is the rule if we are not to be abused by it we must take steps to diffuse its energy but how does one go about neutralizing the effect of a social rule like that for reciprocation it seems to widespread to escape and too strong to overpower once it is activated perhaps the answer then is to prevent its activation perhaps we can avoid a confrontation with the rule by refusing to allow the requested to commission its Force against us in the first place perhaps by rejecting the requester's initial favor or concession to us we can evade the problem perhaps but then perhaps not invariably declining the requesters initial offer of a favor or sacrifice works better in theory than in practice the major problem is that when it is first presented it is difficult to know whether such an offer is honest or whether it is the initial step in an exploitation attempt if we always assume the worst it would not be possible to receive the benefits of any legitimate favors or concessions offered by individuals who had no intention of exploiting the rule I have a colleague who remembers with anger how his 10-year-old daughter's feelings were terribly hurt by a man whose method of avoiding the jaws of the reciprocity rule was to refuse abruptly her kindness the children of her class were hosting an open house at school for their grandparents and her job was to give a flower to each visitor entering the school grounds but the first man she approached with a flower growled at her keep it not knowing what to do she extended it toward him again only to have him demand to know what he had to give in return turn when she replied weakly nothing it's a gift he fixed her with a disbelieving glare insisted that he recognized her game and brushed on past the girl was so stung by the experience that she could not approach anyone else and had to be removed from her assignment one she had anticipated fondly it is hard to know whom to blame more here the insensitive man or the exploiters who had abused his mechanical tendency to reciprocate a gift until his resp response had sour to a mechanical refusal no matter whom you find more blameworthy the lesson is clear we will always encounter authentically generous individuals as well as many people who try to play fairly by the reciprocity rule rather than to exploit it they will doubtless become insulted by someone who consistently rejects their efforts social friction and isolation could well result a policy of blanket rejection then seems ill advised another solution holds more promise it advises us to accept the desirable first offers of others but to accept those offers only for what they fundamentally are not for what they are represented to be if a person offers us a nice favor let's say we might well accept recognizing that we have obligated ourselves to a return favor sometime in the future to engage in this sort of arrangement with another is not to be exploited by that person through the rule of reciprocation quite the contrary it is to participate fairly in the honored network of obligation that has served us so well both individually and societally from the dawn of humanity however if the initial favor turns out to be a device a trick an artifice designed specifically to stimulate our compliance with a larger return favor that is a different story here our partner is not a benefactor but a profiteer and it is here that we should respond to his action on precisely those terms once we have determined that his initial offer was not a favor but a compliance tactic we need only react to it accordingly to be free of its influence as long as we perceive and Define his action as a compliance device instead of a favor he no longer has the reciprocation rule as an ally the rule says that favors are to be met with favors it does not require that tricks be met with favors a practical example may make things more concrete let's suppose that a woman phoned one day and introduced herself as a member of The Home Fire Safety Association in your town suppose she then asked if you would be interested in learning about home fire safety having your house check for fire hazards and receiving a home fire extinguisher all free of charge let's suppose further that you were interested in these things and made an evening appointment to have one of the association's inspectors come over to provide them when he arrived he gave you a small hand extinguisher and began examining the possible fire hazards of your home afterward he gave you some interesting though frightening information about General fire dangers along with an assessment of your home's vulnerability finally he suggested that you get a home fire warning system and left such a set of events as not implausible various cities and towns have nonprofit associations usually made up of Fire Department Personnel working on their own time that provide free home fire safety inspections of this sort were these events to occur you would clearly have been done a favor by the inspector in accordance with the reciprocation rule you should stand more ready to provide a return favor if you were to see him in need of Aid at some point in the future an exchange of favors of this kind would be in the best tradition of the reciprocity rule a similar set of events with however a different ending would also be possible in fact more likely rather than leaving after recommending a fire alarm system the inspector would launch into a sales presentation intended to persuade you to buy an expensive heat triggered alarm system manufactured by the company he represented door-to-door home fire alarm companies will frequently use this approach typically their product while effective enough will be overpriced trusting that you will not be amiliar with the retail costs of such a system and that if you decide to buy one you will feel obligated to the company that provided you with a free extinguisher and Home Inspection these companies will pressure you for an immediate sale using this free information and inspection Gambit fire protection sales organizations have flourished around the country if you were to find yourself in such a situation with the realization that the primary motive of the inspector's visit was to sell you a costly alarm system your most effective next action would be a simple private maneuver it would involve the mental Act of redefinition merely Define whatever you have received from the inspector extinguisher safety information Hazard inspection not as gifts but as sales devices and you will be free to decline or accept his purchase offer without even a tug from the reciprocity rule a favor rightly follows a favor not a piece of sales strategy and if he subsequently responds to your refusal by proposing that you at least give him the names of some friends he might call on use your mental maneuver on him again Define his Retreat to this smaller request as what it is hoped after reading this chapter you recognize it to be a compliance tactic once done there would be no pressure to offer the names as a return concession since his reduced request would not be viewed as a real concession at this point unhampered by an in appropriately triggered sense of obligation you may once again be as compliant or non-compliant as you wish provided you are so inclined you might even turn his own weapon of influence against him recall that the rule for reciprocation entitles a person who has acted in a certain way to a dose of the same thing if you have determined that the fire inspector's gifts were used not as genuine gifts but to make a profit from you then you might want to use them to make a profit of your own simply take whatever the inspector is willing to provide safety information home extinguisher thank him politely and show him out the door after all the reciprocity rule asserts that if Justice is to be done exploitation attempts exploited readers report from a former TV and stereo salesperson for quite a while I worked for a major retailer in their television and stereo Department salespeople in this department are paid on a commission basis however continued employment was and still is based on the ability to sell service contracts rather than merchandise company policy was that for every 10 sales you made you had to sell at least four service contracts failure to bring your service contract sales up to expected levels for two consecutive months resulted in threats relocation or termination once I recognize the importance of meting my sales contract quota I devised a plan that used the rejection then Retreat technique although I didn't know its name at the time a customer had the opportunity to buy from 1 to 3 years worth of service contract coverage at the time of the sale most of the sales staff attempted just to sell a single year policy that was my intention as well since a one-year contract counted just as much toward my quota as a three-year contract did initially however when making my sales pitch I would advocate ate the longest and most expensive plan realizing that most people would not be willing to spend that much about $140 but this gave me an excellent opportunity later after being rejected in my sincere attempt to sell the three-year plan to retreat to the one-year extension and its relatively small $34.95 price which I was thrilled to get this proved highly effective as I sold sales contracts to an average of 70% of my customer who seemed very satisfied with the purchase While others in my department clustered around 40% I never told anyone how I did it until now notice how as is usually the case use of the rejection and Retreat tactic engages the action of the contrast Principle as well not only did the $140 initial request make the $34.95 request seem like retreat it made that second request seem smaller too chapter 3 commitment and consistency hobgoblins of the mind it is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end Leonardo da Vinci a study done by a pair of Canadian psychologists uncovered something fascinating about people at the racetrack just after placing a bet they are much more confident of their hores chances of winning than they are immediately before l laying down that bet of course nothing about the horse's chances actually shifts it's the same horse on the same track and the same field but in the minds of those betters its prospects improve significantly once that ticket is purchased although a bit puzzling at first glance the reason for the dramatic change has to do with the common weapon of social influence like the other weapons of influence this one lies deep within us directing our actions with quiet power it is quite simply our nearly obsessive desire to be and to appear consistent with what we've already done once we have made a choice or taken a stand we will encounter personal and interpersonal pressures to behave consistently with that commitment those pressures will cause us to respond in ways that justify our earlier decision take the betters in the racetrack experiment 30 seconds before putting down their money they had been tentative and uncertain 30 seconds after the deed they were significantly more optimistic and self assured the act of making a final decision in this case of buying a ticket had been the critical Factor once a stand had been taken the need for consistency pressured these people to bring what they felt and believed into line with what they had already done they simply convinced themselves that they had made the right choice and no doubt felt better about it all before we see such self- delusion as unique to racetrack habitues we should examine the story of my neighbor Sarah and her live-in boyfriend Tim they met at a hospital where he worked as an x-ray technician and she as a nutritionist they dated for a while even after Tim lost his job and eventually they moved in together things were never perfect for Sarah she wanted Tim to marry her and to stop his heavy drinking Tim resisted both ideas after an especially difficult period of conflict Sarah broke off the relationship and Tim moved out at the same time an old boyfriend of Sarah's returned to town after years away and called her they started seeing each other socially and quickly became serious enough to plan a wedding they had gone so far as to set a date and issue invitations when Tim called he had repented and wanted to move back in when Sarah told him her marriage plans he begged her to change her mind he wanted to be together with her as before but Sarah refused saying she didn't want to live like that again Tim even offered to marry her but she still said she preferred the other boyfriend finally Tim volunteered to quit drinking if she would only relent feeling that under those conditions Tim had the edge Sarah decided to break her engagement cancel the wedding retract the invitations and let Tim move back in with her within a month Tim informed Sarah that he didn't think he needed to stop his drinking after all a month later he had decided that they should wait and see before getting married two years have since passed Tim and Sarah continue to live together exactly as before he still drinks there are still no marriage plans yet Sarah is more devoted to Tim than she ever was she says that being forced to choose taught her that Tim really is number one in her heart so after choosing Tim over her other boyfriend Sarah became happier with him even though the conditions under which she had made her choice have never been fulfilled obviously horse race betters are not alone in their willingness to believe in the correctness of a difficult Choice once made indeed we all fool ourselves from time to time in order to keep our thoughts and beliefs consistent with what we have already done or decided psychologists have long understood the power of the consistency principle to direct Human Action prominent theorists such as Leon festinger Fritz Haider and Theodore Nukem have viewed the desire for consistency as a central motivator of our Behavior but is this tendency to be consistent really strong enough to compel us to do what we ordinarily would not want to do there is no question about it the drive to be and look consistent constitutes a highly potent weapon of social influence often causing us to act in ways that are clearly contrary to our own best interests take as proof what happened when psychologist Thomas morard staged thefts on a New York City Beach to see if onlookers would risk personal harm to Halt the crime in the study a research accomplice would put a beach blanket down 5T from the blanket of a randomly chosen individual the experimental subject after a couple of minutes on the blanket spent relaxing and listening to music from a portable radio the accomplice would stand up and leave the blanket to stroll down the beach a few minutes later a second researcher pretending to be a thief would approach grab the radio and try to hurry away with it as you might guess under normal conditions subjects were very reluctant to put themselves In Harm's Way by challenging the thief only four people did so in the 20 times that the theft was staged but when the same procedure was tried another 20 times with a slight twist the results were drastically different in these incidents before taking his stroll the accomplice would simply ask the subject to please watch my things which each of them agreed to do now propelled by the rule for consistency 19 of the 20 subjects became virtual Vigilantes running after and stopping the thief demanding an explanation and often restraining the thief physically or snatching the radio away to understand why consistency is so powerful a motive it is important to recognize that in most circumstances consistency is valued and adaptive inconsistency is commonly thought to be an undesirable personality trait the person whose beliefs words and deeds don't match may be seen as indecisive confused two-faced or even mentally ill on the other side a high degree of consistency is normally associated with personal and intellectual strength it is at the heart of logic rationality stability and honesty a quote attributed to the Great British chemist Michael Faraday suggests the extent to which being consistent is approved sometimes more than being right when asked after a lecture if he meant to imply that a hated academic rival was always wrong Faraday glowed at the questioner and replied he's not that consistent certainly then good personal consistency is highly valued in our culture and well it should be it provides us with a reasonable and gainful orientation to the world most of the time we will be better off if our approach to things is well- laced with consistency without it our lives would be difficult erratic and disjointed but because it is so typically in our best interests to be consistent we easily fall fall into the habit of being automatically so even in situations where it is not the sensible way to be when it occurs unthinkingly consistency can be disastrous nonetheless even blind consistency has its attractions first like most other forms of automatic responding it offers a shortcut through the density of Modern Life once we have made up our minds about an issue stubborn consistency allows us a very appealing love luxury we really don't have to think hard about the issue anymore we don't have to sift through the blizzard of information we encounter every day to identify relevant facts we don't have to expend the mental energy to weigh the pros and cons we don't have to make any further tough decisions instead all we have to do when confronted with the issue is to turn on our consistency tape where and we know just what to believe say or do we need only believe leave say or do whatever is consistent with our earlier decision the Allure of such a luxury is not to be minimized it allows us a convenient relatively effortless and efficient method for dealing with complex daily environments that make severe demands on our mental energies capacities it is not hard to understand then why automatic consistency is a difficult reaction to curb it offers us a way to evade the rigors of continuing thought and as Sir Joshua Reynolds noted there is no expedient to which a man will not resort to avoid the real labor of thinking with our consistency tapes operating then we can go about our business happily excused from the toil of having to think too much there is a second more perverse attraction of mechanical consistency as well sometimes it is not the effort of hard cognitive work that makes us Sher thoughtful activity but the harsh consequences of that activity sometimes it is the cursedly clear and unwelcome set of answers provided by Straight thinking that makes us mental Slackers there are certain disturbing things we simply would rather not realize because it is a pre-programmed and Mindless method of responding automatic consistency can supply a safe hiding place from those troubling realizations sealed within the Fortress walls of rigid consistency we can be impervious to the sieges of Reason one night at an introductory lecture given by the Transcendental Meditation TM program I witnessed a nice illustration of how people will hide inside the walls of consistency to protect themselves from the Troublesome consequences of thought the lecture itself was presided over by two Earnest young men and was designed to recruit new members into the program the program claimed it could teach a unique brand of meditation that would allow us to achieve all manner of desirable things ranging from simple inner peace to the more spectacular abilities to fly and pass through walls at the program's Advanced and more expensive stages I had decided to attend the meeting to observe the kind of compliance tactics used in recruitment lectures of this sort and had brought along an interested friend a university Professor whose areas of specialization were statistics and symbolic logic as the meeting progressed and the lectures explained the theory behind TM I noticed my logician friend becoming increasingly Restless looking more and more pained and shifting about constantly in his seat he was finally unable to resist when the leaders called for questions at the completion of the lecture he raised his hand and gently but surely demolished the presentation we had just heard in less than 2 minutes he pointed out precisely where and why the lecturer's complex argument was contradictory illogical and unsupportable the effect on the discussion leaders was devastating after a confused silence each attempted a weak reply only to Halt Midway to confer with his partner and finally to admit that my colleagues points were good ones requiring further study more interesting to me though was the effect upon the rest of the audience at the end of the question period the two recruiters were faced with a crush of audience members submitting their $75 down payments for admission to the TM program nudging shrugging and chuckling to one another as they took in the payments the recruiters betrayed signs of giddy bewilderment after what appeared to have been an embarrassingly clear collapse of presentation the meeting had somehow turned into a great success generating mystifyingly high levels of compliance from the audience although more than a bit puzzled I chocked up the audience response to a fail to understand the logic of my colleague's arguments as it turned out however just the reverse was case outside the lecture room after the meeting we were approached by three members of the audience each of whom had given a down payment immediately after the lecture they wanted to know why we had come to the session we explained and we asked the same question of them one was an aspiring actor who wanted desperately to succeed at his craft and had come to the meeting to learn if TM would allow him to achieve the necessary self-control to master the art the recruiters had assured him that it would the second described herself as a severe Insomniac who had hopes that TM would provide her with a way to relax and fall asleep easily at night the third served as unofficial spokesman he also had a sleep related problem he was failing College because there didn't seem to be enough time to study he had come to the meeting to find out if TM could help by training him to need fuel fewer hours of sleep each night the additional time could then be used for study it is interesting to note that the recruiters informed him as well as the insomnia act that transcendental meditation techniques could solve their respective though opposite problems still thinking that the three must have signed up because they hadn't understood the points made by my logician friend I began to question them about aspects of his argument to my surprise I found that they had understood his comments quite well in fact all too well it was precisely the cogency of his argument that drove them to sign up for the program on the spot the spokesman put it best well I wasn't going to put down any money tonight because I'm really quite broke right now I was going to wait until the next meeting but when your buddy started talking I knew I'd better give them my money now or I'd go home and start thinking about what he said and never sign up all at once things began to make sense these were people with real problems and they were somewhat desperately searching for a way to solve those problems they were Seekers who if our discussion leaders were to be believed had found a potential solution in TM driven by their needs they very much wanted to believe that TM was their answer now in the form of my colleague intrudes the voice of reason showing the theory underlying their Newfound solution to be unsound pan Panic something must be done at once before logic takes its toll and leaves them without hope again quickly quickly walls against reason are needed and it doesn't matter that the Fortress to be erected is a foolish one quick a hiding place from thought here take this money safe in the nick of time no need to think about the issues any longer the decision has been made and from now on the consistency tape can be played whenever necessary TM certainly I think it will help me certainly I expect to continue certainly I believe in TM I already put my money down for it didn't I ah the Comforts of mindless consistency I'll just rest right here for a while it's so much nicer than the worry and strain of that hard hard search if as it appears automatic consistency functions as a shield against thought it should not be surprising that such consistency can o be exploited by those who would prefer that we not think too much in response to their requests for our compliance for the exploiters whose interest will be served by an unthinking mechanical reaction to their requests our tendency for automatic consistency is a gold mine so clever are they at arranging to have us play our consistency tapes when it profits them that we seldom realize we have been taken in fine jiujitsu fashion they structure their interactions with us so that our own need to be consistent will lead directly to their benefit certain large toy manufacturers use just such an approach to reduce a problem caused by seasonal buying patterns of course the boom time for toy sales occurs before and during the Christmas holiday season the toy companies make fat profits during this period their problem is that toy sales then go into a terrible slump for the next couple of months their C customers have already spent the full amount in their toy budgets and are stiffly resistant to their children's pleas for more even those children whose birthdays fall soon after the holidays receive fewer toys because of the recent Christmas spree so the toy manufacturers are faced with a dilemma how to keep sales High during the peak season and at the same time retain a healthy demand for toys in the immediately following months the difficulty certainly doesn't lie in convincing our naturally insatiable Offspring to want a continuous flow of new amusements a series of flashy television commercials placed among the Saturday morning cartoon shows will produce the usual amounts of begging whining and weedling no matter when it appears during the year no the problem is not in motivating kids to want more toys after Christmas the problem is in motivating post holiday spent out parents to reach down for the price of yet another another play thing for their already toy glutted children what could the toy companies possibly do to produce that unlikely Behavior some have tried a greatly increased advertising campaign others have reduced prices during the slack period but neither of those standard sales devices has proved successful not only are both tactics costly but both have also been ineffective in increasing sales to desired levels parents are simp not in a toy buying mood and the influences of advertising or reduced expense are not enough to shake that Stony resistance certain large toy manufacturers however think they have found a solution it's an ingenious one involving no more than a normal advertising expense and an understanding of the powerful pull of the need for consistency my first hint of how the toy company's strategy worked came after I fell for it and then in True py Form fell for it again it was January and I was in the town's largest toy store after purchasing all too many gifts there for my son a month before I had sworn not to enter that place or any like it for a long long time yet there I was not only in the diabolic place but also in the process of buying my son another expensive toy a big electric road race set in front of the road race display I happened to meet a former neighbor who was buying his son the same toy the odd thing was that we almost never saw each other anymore in fact the last time was a year earlier in that same store when we were both buying our sons an expensive post Christmas gift that time a robot that walked talked and laid waste we laughed about our Strange pattern of seeing each other only once a year at the same time in the same place while doing the same thing later that day I mentioned the coincidence to a friend who it turned out had once worked in the toy business no coincidence he said knowingly what do you mean no coincidence look he said let me ask you a couple of questions about the road race set you bought this year first did you promise your son that he'd get one for Christmas well yes I did Christopher had seen a bunch of ads for them on the Saturday morning cartoon shows and said that was what he wanted for Christmas I saw a couple of the ads myself and it looked like fun so I said okay strike one he announced now for my second question when you went to buy one did you find all the stores sold out that's right I did the stores said they'd ordered some but didn't know when they'd get any more in so I had to buy Christopher some other toys to make up for the road race set but how did you know strike two he said just let me ask one more question didn't this same sort of thing happen the year before with the robot toy wait a minute you're right that's just what happened this is incredible how did you know no psychic powers I just happen to know how several of the big toy companies jack up their January and February sales they start prior to Christmas with attractive tv ads for certain special toys the kids naturally want what they see and extract Christmas promises for those items from their parents now here's where the genius of the company's plan comes in they undersupply the stores with the toys they've gotten the parents to promise most parents find those things sold out and are forced to substitute other toys of equal value the toy manufacturers of course make a point of supplying the stores with plenty of these substitutes then after Christmas the companies start running the ads again for the other special toys that juices up the kids to want those toys more than ever they go running to the parents whining you promised you promised and the adults go trudging off to the store to live up dutifully to their words where I said beginning to seee now they meet other parents they haven't seen for a year falling for the same trick right right uh where are you going I'm going to take that road race set right back to the store I was so angry I was nearly sh shouting wait think for a minute first why did you buy it this morning because I didn't want to let Christopher down and because I wanted to teach him that promises are to be lived up to well has any of that changed look if you take his toy away now he won't understand why he'll just know that his father broke a promise to him is that what you want no I said sighing I guess not so you're telling me that they doubled their profit on me for the past two years and I never even knew it and now that I do I'm still trapped by my own words so what you're really telling me is strike three he nodded and you're out commitment is the key once we realize that the power of consistency is formidable in directing Human Action an important practical question immediately arises how is that Force engaged what produces the click that activates the wor of the powerful consistency tape social psychologists think they know the answer Commitment if I can get you to make a commitment that is to take a stand to go on record I will have set the stage for your automatic and ill-considered consistency with that earlier commitment once a stand is taken there is a natural tendency to behave in ways that are stubborn ly consistent with the stand as we've already seen social psychologists are not the only ones who understand the connection between commitment and consistency commitment strategies are aimed at us by compliance Professionals of nearly every sort each of the strategies is intended to get us to take some action or make some statement that will trap us into later compliance through consistency pressures procedures designed to create commit take various forms some are fairly straightforward others are among the most subtle compliance tactics we will encounter for instance suppose you wanted to increase the number of people in your area who would agree to go door too collecting donations for your favorite charity you would be wise to study the approach taken by social psychologist Steph J Sherman he simply called a sample of Bloomington Indiana residents as part of a survey he was taking and asked them to predict what they would say if asked to spend 3 hours collecting money for the American Cancer Society of course not wanting to seem uncharitable to the survey taker or to themselves many of these people said that they would volunteer the consequence of this Sly commitment procedure was a 700% increase in volunteers when a few days later a representative of the American Cancer Society did call and ask for neighborhood canvassers using the same strategy but this time asking Columbus Ohio residents to predict whether they would vote on Election Day a team of researchers led by Anthony Greenwald were able to increase significantly the turnout in a US presidential election among those called perhaps an even more crafty commitment technique has been developed recently by telephone solicitors for charity have you noticed that callers asking you to contribute to some cause or another these days seem to begin things by inquiring about your current health and well-being hello Mr Ms Target person they say how are you feeling this evening or how are you doing today the caller's intent with this sort of introduction is not merely to seem friendly and caring it is to get you to respond as you normally do to such polite superficial inquiries with the polite superficial comment of your own just fine or real good or I'm doing great things once you have publicly stated that all is well it becomes much easier for the solicitor to Corner you into aiding those for whom all is not well I'm glad to hear that because I'm calling to ask if you'd be willing to make a donation to help out the unfortunate victims of the theory behind this tactic is that people who have just asserted that they are doing feeling fine even as a routine part of a sociable exchange will consequently find it awkward to appear stingy in the context of their own admittedly favored Circ circumstances if all this sounds a bit far-fetched consider the findings of consumer researcher Daniel Howard who put the theory to test Dallas Texas residents were called on the phone and asked if they would agree to allow a representative of the hunger Relief Committee to come to their homes to sell them cookies the proceeds from which would be used to supply meals for the needy when tried alone that request labeled the standard solicitation approach produced only 18% agreen however if the caller initially asked how are you feeling this evening and waited for a reply before proceeding to the standard approach several noteworthy things happened first of the 120 individuals called most 108 gave the customary favorable reply good fine real well Etc second 32% of the people who got the how are you feeling tonight question agreed to receive the cookie seller at their homes nearly twice the success rate of the standard solicitation approach third true to the consistency principle almost everyone who agreed to such a visit did in fact make a cookie purchase when contacted at home 89% to make sure that this tactic doesn't generate its successes simply because a solicitor who uses it seems more concerned and courteous than one who doesn't use it Howard conducted another study this time callers began either with the question waited for a response before proceeding or with the statement I hope you're feeling well this evening and then proceeded to the standard solicitation approach despite the fact that the caller started each type of interaction with a warm and friendly comment the how you feeling technique was by far superior to its rival 33% versus 15% compliance because it alone Drew an exploitable public commitment from its targets note that the commitment was able to get twice as much compliance from those targets even though at the time it occurred it must have seemed to them an altogether inconsequential reply to an altogether superficial question yet another fine example of social Jiu-Jitsu at work the question of what makes a commitment effective has a number of answers a variety of factors affect the ability of a commitment to constrain our future Behavior one large- scale program designed to produce compliance illustrates nicely how several of the factors work the remarkable thing about this program is that it was systematically employing these factors decades ago well before scientific research had identified them during the Korean War many captured American soldiers found themselves in prisoner of war P camps run by the Chinese Communists it became clear early in the conflict that the Chinese treated captives quite differently than did their allies the North Koreans who favored savagery and harsh punishment to gain compliance specifically avoiding the appearance of brutality the red Chinese engaged in what they termed their lenient policy which was in reality a concerted and sophisticated psychological assault on their captives after the war American psychologists questioned the returning prisoners intensively to determine what occurred the intens psychological investigation took place in part because of the unsettling success of some aspects of the Chinese program for example the Chinese were very effective in getting Americans to inform on one another in Striking contrast to the behavior of American pows in World War II for this reason among others escape plans were quickly uncovered and the Escape attempts themselves almost always unsuccessful when an escape did occur wrote Dr Edgar shine a principal American investigator of the Chinese indoctrination program in Korea the Chinese usually recovered the man easily by offering a bag of rice to anyone turning him in in fact nearly all American prisoners in the Chinese camps are said to have collaborated with the enemy in one form or another an examination of the Chinese prison camp program shows that its Personnel relied heavily on commitment and consistency pressures to gain the desired compliance from prisoners of course the first problem facing the Chinese was how to get any collaboration at all from the Americans these were men who were trained to provide nothing but name rank and serial number short of physical brutalization how could the captors hope to get such men to give military information turn in fellow prisoners or publicly denounce their country the Chinese answer was Elementary start small and build for instance prisoners were frequently asked to make statements so mildly anti-American or pro-communist as to seem inconsequential the United States is not perfect in a communist country unemployment is not a problem but once these minor requests were complied with the men found themselves pushed to submit to related yet more substantive requests a man who had just agreed with this Chinese interrogator that the United States is not perfect might then be asked to indicate some of the ways in which he thought this was the case once he had so explained himself he might be asked to make a list of these problems with America and to ass his name to it later he might be asked to read his list in a discussion group with prisoners after all it's what you really believe isn't it still later he might be asked to write an essay expanding on his list and discussing these problems in Greater detail the Chinese might then use his name and his essay in an anti-American radio broadcast beamed not only to the entire camp but to other P camps in North Korea as well as to American forces in South Korea suddenly he would find himself a collaborator having given Aid to the enemy aware that he had written the essay without any strong threats or coercion many times a man would change his image of himself to be consistent with the deed and with the new collaborator label often resulting in even more extensive acts of collaboration thus while only a few men were able to avoid collaboration altogether according to Dr Shine the majority collaborated at one time or another by doing things which seemed to them trivial but which the Chinese were able to turn to their own Advantage this was particularly effective in eliciting confessions self-criticism and information during interrogation if the Chinese know about the subtle power of this approach it should not be surprising that another group of people interested in compliance is also aware of its usefulness many business organizations employ it regularly for the salesperson the strategy is to obtain a large purchase by starting with the small one almost any sale will do because the purpose of that small transaction is not profit it is commitment further purchases even much larger ones are expected to flow naturally from the commitment an article in the trade magazine American salesman put it succinctly the general idea is to pave the way for Full Line distribution by starting with a small order look at it this way when a person has signed an order for your merchandise even though the profit is so small it hardly compensates for the time and effort of making the call he is no longer a prospect he is a customer the tactive of starting with a little request in order to gain eventual compliance with related larger requests has a name the foot in the door technique social scientists first became aware of its Effectiveness in the mid 1960s when psychologists Jonathan Friedman and Scott Fraser published an astonishing set of data they reported the results of an experiment in which a researcher posing as a volunteer worker had gone door Todo in a residential California neighborhood making a Preposterous request of homeowners the homeowners were asked to allow a public service billboard to be installed on their front Lawns to get an idea of just how the sign would look they were shown a photograph depicting an attractive house the view of which was almost completely obscured by a very large poorly lettered sign reading drive carefully although the request was normally and understandably refused by the great majority 83% of the other residents in the area this particular group of people reacted quite favorably a full 76% of them offered the use of their front yards the prime reason for their startling compliance has to do with something that had happened to them about 2 weeks earlier they had made a small commitment to driver safety a different volunteer worker had come to their doors and asked them to accept and display a little 3-in square sign that read be a safe driver it was such a trifling request that nearly all of them had agreed to it but the effects of that request were enormous because they had innocently complied with a trivial safe driving request a couple of weeks before these homeowners became remarkably willing to comply with another such request that was massive in size fredman and Fraser didn't stop there they tried a slightly different procedure on another s of homeowners these people first received a request to sign a petition that favored keeping California beautiful of course nearly everyone signed since State Beauty like efficiency in government or sound prenatal care is one of those issues almost no one is against after waiting about two weeks fredman and Fraser sent a new volunteer worker to these same homes to ask the residents to allow the big drive carefully signed to be erected on their lawns in some ways their response was the most astounding of any of the homeowners in the study approximately half of these people consented to the installation of the drive carefully billboard even though the small commitment they had made weeks earlier was not to driver safety but to an entirely different Public Service topic State beautification at first even fredman and Fraser were bewildered by their findings why should the little Act of signing a petition supporting state beautification caused people to be so willing to perform a different and much larger favor after considering and discarding other explanations fredman and Fraser Came Upon one that offered a solution to the puzzle signing the beautification petition changed the view these people had of themselves they saw themselves as public-spirited citizens who acted on their civic principles when two weeks later they were asked to perform another public service by displaying the drive carefully sign they complied in order to be consistent with their newly formed self-images according to fredman and Fraser what may occur is a change in the person's feelings about getting involved or taking action once he has agreed to a request his attitude may change he may become in his own eyes the kind of person who does this sort of thing who agrees to requests made by strangers who takes action on things he believes in who cooperates with good causes what the Freedman and phraser findings tell us then is to be very careful about agreeing to trivial requests such an agreement can not only increase our compliance with very similar much larger requests it can also make us more willing to perform a variety of larger favors that are only remotely connected to the little one we did earlier it's this second General kind of influence concealed within small commitments that scares me it scares me enough that I am rarely willing to sign a I anymore even for a position I support such an action has the potential to influence not only my future Behavior but also my self-image in ways I may not want and once a person's self-image is altered all sorts of subtle advantages become available to someone who wants to exploit that new image who among fredman and Fraser's homeowners would have thought that the volunteer worker who asked them to sign a state beautification petition was really interested in having them displayed a safe driving billboard 2 weeks later and who among them could have suspected that their decision to display the billboard was largely due to the act of signing the petition no one I'd guess if there were any regrets after the billboard went up who could they conceivably hold responsible but themselves and their own dambly strong Civic Spirit they probably never even considered the guy with a keeping California beautiful petition and all that knowledge of Jiu-Jitsu notice that all of the foot in the door experts seem to be excited about the same thing you can use small commitments to manipulate a person's self-image you can use them to turn citizens into public servants prospects into customers prisoners into collaborators and once you've got a man's self-image where you want it he should comply naturally with a whole range of your requests that are consistent with this view of himself not all commitments affect self-image however there are certain conditions that should be present for a commitment to be effective in this way to discover what they are we can once again look to the American Experience in the Chinese prison camps of Korea it is important to understand that the major intent of the Chinese was not simply to extract information from their prisoners it was to indoctrinate them to change their attitudes and perceptions of themselves of their political syst system of their country's role in the war and of Communism and there is evidence that the program often worked alarmingly well Dr Henry seagull chief of the neuros psychiatric evaluation team that examined returning PS at the war's end reported that war rated beliefs had been substantially shifted the majority of the men believed the Chinese story that the United States had used germ warfare and many felt that their own forces had been the initial aggressors in starting the war similar inroads had been made in the political attitudes of the men many expressed antipathy toward the Chinese Communists but at the same time praised them for the fine job they have done in China others stated that although communism won't work in America I think it's a good thing for Asia it appears that the real goal of the Chinese was to modify at least for a Time the hearts and minds of their cap Ives if we measure their achievement in terms of defection disloyalty changed attitudes and beliefs poor discipline poor morale poor espree and doubts as to America's role Dr seagull concluded that their efforts were highly successful because commitment tactics were so much a part of the effective Chinese Assault on hearts and Minds it is quite informative to examine the specific features of the tactics they used the magic act our best evidence of what people truly feel and believe comes less from their words than from their deeds observers trying to decide what a man is like look closely at his actions what the Chinese have discovered is that a man himself uses this same evidence to decide what he is like his behavior tells him about himself it is a primary source of information about his beliefs and values and attitudes understanding fully this important principle of self-perception the Chinese set about arranging the prison camp experience so that their captives would consistently act in desired ways before long the Chinese knew these actions would begin to take their toll causing the men to change their views of themselves to align with what they had done writing was one sort of confirming action that the Chinese urged incessantly upon the men it was never enough for the prisoners to listen quietly or even to agree verbally with the Chinese line they were always pushed to write it down as well so intent were the Chinese on securing a written statement that if a prisoner was not willing to write a desired response freely he was prevailed upon to copy it the American psychologist Edgar shine describes a standard indoctrination session tactic of the Chinese in these terms a further technique was to have the man write out the question and then the pro communist answer if he refused to write it voluntarily he was asked to copy it from the notebooks which must have seemed like a harmless enough concession but oh those harmless concessions we've already seen how apparently trifling commitments can lead to extraordinary further Behavior and the Chinese knew that as a commitment device a written declaration has some great advantages first it provides physical evidence that the ACT occurred once a man wrote what the Chinese wanted it was very difficult for him to believe that he had not done so the opportunities to forget or to deny to himself what he had done were not available as they are for purely verbal statements no there it was in his own handwriting an irrevocably documented act driving him to make his beliefs and his self-image consistent with what he had undeniably done a second advantage of a written Testament is that it can be shown to other people of course that means it can be used to persuade those people it can persuade them to change their own attitudes in the direction of statement but more important for the purpose of commitment it can persuade them that the author genuinely believes what was written people have a natural tendency to think that a statement reflects the true attitude of the person who made it what is surprising is that they continue to think so even when they know that the person did not freely choose to make the statement some scientific evidence that this is the case comes from a study by psychologists Edward Jones and James Harris who showed people an essay that was favorable to Fidel Castro and asked them to guess the true feelings of its author Jones and Harris told some of these people that the author had chosen to write a pro Castro essay and they told the other people that the author had been required to write in favor of Castro the strange thing was that even those people who knew that the author had been assigned to do a pro Castro essay guessed that he liked Castro it seems that a statement of belief produces a click were response in those who view it unless there is strong evidence to the contrary observers automatically assume that someone who makes such a statement means it think of the double barrel effects on the self-image of a prisoner who wrote A pro-chinese or anti-American statement Not only was it a lasting personal reminder of his action it was also likely to persuade those around him that the statement reflected his actual beliefs and as we will see in chapter 4 what those around us think is true of us is enormously important in determining what we ourselves think is true for example one study found that after hearing that they were considered charitable people New Haven Connecticut Housewives gave much more money to a canvas from the multiple sclerosis Association apparently the mere knowledge that someone viewed them as charitable caused these women to make their actions consistent with another's perception of them once an active commitment is made then self-image is squeezed from both sides by consistency pressures from the inside there is a pressure to bring self-image into line with action from the outside there is a sneakier pressure a tendency to adjust this image according to the way others perceive us and because others see us as believing what we have written even when we've had little choice in the matter we will once again experience a poll to bring self-image into line with the written statement in Korea several subtle devices were used to get the prisoners to write without direct coercion what the Chinese wanted for example the Chinese knew that many prisoners were eager to let their families know that they were alive at the same time the men knew that their captors were censoring the males and that only some letters were being allowed out of Camp to ensure that their own letters would be released some prisoners began including in their messages peace appeals claims of kind treatment and statements sympathetic to Communism The Hope was that the Chinese would want such letters to surface and would therefore allow their delivery of course the Chinese were happy to cooperate because those letters served their interests marvelously first their worldwide propaganda effort benefited greatly from the appearance of pro-communist statements by American servicemen second in the service of prisoner indoctrination they had without raising a finger of physical Force gotten many men to go on record as supporting the Chinese cause a similar technique involved political essay contests that were regularly held in Camp the prizes for winning were invariably small a few cigarettes or a bit of fruit but were sufficiently scarce that they generated a lot of interest from the men usually the winning essay was one that took a solidly pro-communist stand but not always the Chinese were wise enough to realize that most of the prisoners would not enter a contest that they could win only by riding a communist tract and the Chinese were clever enough to know how to plant small commitments to Communism in the men that could be nurtured into later Bloom so the prize was occasionally given to an essay that generally supported the United States but that bowed once or twice to the Chinese view the effects of this strategy were exactly what the Chinese wanted the men continued to participate voluntarily in the contest because they saw that they could win with an essay highly favorable to their own country but perhaps without realizing it they began to shade their essays a bit toward communism in order to have a better chance of winning the Chinese were ready to pounce on any concession to communist dogma and to bring consistency pressures to Bear upon it in the case of a written declaration within a voluntary essay they had a perfect commitment from which to build toward collaboration and conversion other compliance professionals also know about the committing power of written statements the enormously successful Amway Corporation for instance has Hit Upon a way to Spur their sales Personnel to greater and greater accomplishments members of the staff are asked to set individual sales goals and commit themselves to those goals by personally recording them on paper one final tip before you get started set a goal and write it down whatever the goal the import thing is that you set it so you've got something for which to aim and that you write it down there is something magical about writing things down so set a goal and write it down when you reach that goal set another and write that down you'll be off and running if the mway people have found something magical about writing things down so have other business organizations some door-to-door sales companies use the magic of written commitments to battle the cooling off laws recently passed in many states the laws are designed to allow customers a few days after purchasing an item to cancel the sale and receive a full refund at first this legislation hurt the Hard Sell companies deeply because they emphasize high pressure tactics the customers often buy not because they want the product but because they are duped or intimidated into the sale when the new laws went into effect these customers began cancelling in drobes the companies have since learned a beautifully simple trick that cuts the number of such cancellations drastically they merely have the customer rather than the salesman fill out the sales agreement according to the sales training program of a prominent encyclopedia company that personal commitment alone has proved to be a very important psychological Aid in preventing customers from backing out of their contracts like the Amway Corporation then these organizations have found that something special happens when people personally put their commitments on paper they live up to what they have written down another common way for businesses to cash in on the magic of written declarations occurs through the use of an innocent looking promotional device before I began to study weapons of social influence I used to wonder why big companies such as Proctor and Gamble and general foods are always running 25 50 or 100 words or less testimonial contests they all seem to be alike the contestant is to compose a short personal statement that begins with the words why I like and goes on to law the features of whatever cake makes or floor wax happens to be at issue the company judges the entries and awards some stunningly large prizes to winners what has puzzled me was what the companies got out of the deal often the contest requires no purchase anyone submitting an entry is eligible yet the companies appear to be strangely willing to incur the huge costs of contest after contest I am no longer puzzled the purpose behind the testimonial contests is the same as the purpose behind the political essay contests of the Chinese Communists in both instances the aim is to get as many people as possible to go on record as liking the product in Korea the product was a brand of Chinese communism in the United States it might be a brand of cuticle remover the type of product doesn't matter the process is the same participants voluntarily write essays for attractive prizes that they have only a small chance to win but they know that for an essay to have any chance of winning at all it must include praise for the product so they find praiseworthy features of the product and describe them in their essays the result is hundreds of men in Korea or hundreds of thousands of people in America who testify in writing to the products appe peal and who consequently experience that magical pull to believe what they have written the public eye one reason that written Testaments are effective in bringing about genuine personal change is that they can so easily be made public The Prisoner experience in career showed the Chinese to be quite aware of an important psychological principle public commitments tend to be lasting commitments the Chinese constantly arranged to have the pro-communist statements of their captives seen by others a man who had written a political essay the Chinese liked for example might find copies of it posted around camp or might be asked to read it to a prisoner discussion group or even to read it on the camp radio broadcast as far as the chines were concerned the more public the better why whenever one takes a stand that is visible to others there arises a drive to maintain that stand in order to look like a consistent person remember that earlier in this chapter we described how desirable good personal consistency is as a trait how someone without it could be judged as fickle uncertain pliant scatterbrained unstable how someone with it is viewed as rational assured trustworthy and sound given this context it is hardly surprising that people try to avoid the look of inconsistency for appearance's sake then the more public a stand the more reluctant we will be to change it an illustration of how public commitments can lead to doggedly consistent further action is provided in a famous experiment performed by a pair of prominent social psychologists Morton Deutch and and Harold Gerard the basic procedure was to have college students first estimate in their own minds the length of lines they were shown at this point one sample of the students had to commit themselves publicly to their initial judgments by writing them down signing their names to them and turning them into the experimenter a second sample of students also committed themselves to their first estimates but they did so privately by putting them on a magic writing pad and then erasing them by lifting the magic pads plastic cover before anyone could see what they had written a third set of students did not commit themselves to their initial estimates at all they just kept the estimates in mind privately in these ways Deutch and Gerard had cleverly arranged for some students to commit themselves publicly some privately and some not at all to their initial decisions what Deutch and Gerard wanted to find out was which of the three types of students would be most inclined to stick with their first judgments after receiving information that those judgments were incorrect so all of the students were given new evidence suggesting that their initial estimates were wrong and they were then given the chance to change estimates the results were quite clear the students who had never written down their first choices were the least loyal to those choices when new evidence was presented that questioned the wisdom of decisions that had never left their heads these students were the most influenced by the new information to change what they had viewed as as the correct decision compared to these uncommitted students those who had merely written their decisions for a moment on a magic pad were significantly less willing to change their minds when given the chance even though they had committed themselves under the most Anonymous of circumstances the act of writing down their first judgments caused them to resist the influence of contradictory new data and to remain consistent with the preliminary choices but and Gerard found that by far it was the students who had publicly recorded their initial positions who most resolutely refused to shift from those positions later public commitment had hardened them into the most stubborn of all this sort of stubbornness can occur even in situations where accuracy should be more important than consistency in one study when six or 12 person experimental juries were deciding a close case h juries were significantly more frequent if the jurors had to express their opinions with a visible show of hands rather than by secret ballot once jurors had stated their initial views publicly they were reluctant to allow themselves to change publicly either should you ever find yourself as the foreperson of a jury under these conditions then you could reduce the risk of a hung jury by choosing a secret rather than public balloting technique the deuts and Gerard finding that we are truest to our decisions if we have bound ourselves to them publicly can be put to good use consider the organizations dedicated to helping people rid themselves of bad habits many weight reduction clinics for instance understand that often a person's private decision to lose weight will be too weak to withstand the blandishments of Bakery Windows wafting cooking scents and late night Ser commercials so they see to it that the decision is butress by the pillars of commitment they require their clients to write down an immediate weight loss goal and show that goal to as many friends relatives and neighbors as possible Clinic operators report that frequently this simple technique Works where all else has failed of course there's no need to pay a special clinic in order to engage a visible commitment as an ally one San Diego woman described to me how she employed a public promise to help herself finally stop smoking I remember it was after I heard about another scientific study showing that smoking causes cancer every time one of those things came out I used to get determined to quit but I never could this time though I decided I had to do something I'm a proud person it matters to me if other people see me in a bad light so I thought maybe I can use that Pride to help me dump this damn habit so I made a list of all the people who I really wanted to respect me then I went out and got some blank business cards and I wrote on the back of each card I promise you that I will never smoke another cigarette within a week I had given or sent a signed card to everybody on the list my dad my brother back East my boss my best girlfriend my ex-husband everybody but one the guy I was dating then I was just crazy about him and I really wanted him to Value me as a person believe me I thought twice about giving him a card because I knew that if I couldn't keep my promise to him I'd die but one day at the office he worked in the same building as I did I just walked up to him handed him the card and walked away without saying anything quitting cold turkey was the hardest thing I've ever done there must have been a thousand times when I thought I had to have a smoke but whenever that happened I just picture how all of the people on my list especially this one I would think less of me if I couldn't stick to my guns and that's all it took I've never taken puff you know the interesting thing is the guy turned out to be a real schmuck I can't figure out what I saw in him back then but at the time without knowing it he helped me get through the toughest part of the toughest thing I've ever had to do I don't even like him anymore still I do feel grateful in a way because I think he saved my life the effort extra yet another reason that written commitments are so effective is that they require more work than verbal ones and the evidence is clear that the more effort that goes into a commitment the greater is its ability to influence the attitudes of the person who made it we can find that evidence quite close to home or as far away as the back regions of the Primitive world for example there is a tribe in southern Africa the thunga that requires each of its boys to go through an elaborate initiation ceremony before he can be counted a man of the tribe as with many other primitive peoples a fonga boy endures a great deal before he is admitted to adult membership in the group anthropologists Whiting clck con and Anthony have described this three-month ordeal in brief but Vivid terms when a boy is somewhere between 10 and 16 years of age he is sent by his parents to circumcision school which is held every four or five years here in company with his agates he undergo severe hazing by the adult males society the initiation begins when each boy runs the gauntlet between two rows of men who beat him with clubs at the end of this experience he's stripped of his clothes and his hair is cut he is next met by a man covered with Lion mans and is seated upon a stone facing this Lion Man someone then strikes him from behind and when he turns his head to see who has struck him his foreskin is seized and in two movements cut off by The Lion Man afterward he is secluded for 3 months in the yard of mysteries where he can be seen only by the initiated during the course of his initiation the boy undergos six major trials beatings exposure to cold thirst first eating of unsavory Foods punishment and the threat of death on the slightest pretext he may be beaten by one of the newly initiated men who was assigned to the task by the older men of the tribe he sleeps without covering and suffers bitterly from the winter cold he is forbidden to drink a drop of water during the whole three months meals are often made nauseating by the half digested grass from the stomach of an anvelope which is poured over his food if he is caught breaking any important rule governing the ceremony he is severely punished for example in one of these punishments sticks are placed between the fingers of the offender then a strong man closes his hand around that of the novice practically crushing his fingers he is frightened into submission by being told that in former times boys who had tried to escape or who had revealed the secrets to women or to the uninitiated were hanged and their bodies burned to ashes on the face of it these rights seem extraordinary and bizarre yet at the same time they can be seen to be remarkably similar in principle and even in detail to the common initiation ceremonies of school fraternities during the traditional hell week held yearly on college campuses fraternity pledges must persevere through a variety of activities designed by the older members to test the limits of physical exertion psycholog iCal strain and social embarrassment at the week's end the boys who have persisted through the ordeal are accepted for full group membership mostly their tribulations have left them no more than greatly tired and a bit shaky although sometimes the negative effects are more serious what is interesting is how closely the particular features of hellweek tasks match those of the tribal initiation rights recall that anthropology ol ists identified six major trials to be endured by a fonga initiate during his stay in the yard of mysteries a scan of newspaper reports shows that each trial also has its place in The Hazing rituals of Greek letter societies feedings 14-year-old Michael caligas spent 3 weeks in a Long Island Hospital recovering from internal injuries suffered during a hell night initiation ceremony of his high school fraternity Omega Gamma Delta he had been administered the atomic bomb by his prospective brothers who told him to hold his hands over his head and keep them there while they gathered around to slam fists into his stomach and back simultaneously and repeatedly exposure to cold on a winter night Frederick Broner a California junior college student was taken 3,000 ft up and a 10 miles into the hills of a national forest by his prospective fraternity Brothers left to find his way home wearing only a sweatshirt and slacks fat Freddy as he was called shivered in a frigid wind until he tumbled down a Steep Ravine fracturing bones and hurting his head prevented by his injuries from going on he huddled there against the cold until he died of exposure thirst two Ohio State University freshmen found themselves in the dungeon of their prospective fraternity house after breaking the rule requiring all pledges to crawl into the dining area prior to help week meals once locked in the house storage closet they were given only salty foods to eat for nearly 2 days nothing was provided for drinking purposes except a pair of plastic cups in which they could catch their own urine eating of unsavory Foods at CAPA Sigma house on the campus of the University of Southern California the eyes of 11 pledges bulged when they saw the sickening task before them 11/4 PB slap Labs of Raw Liver lay on a tray cut thick and soaked in oil each was to be swallowed whole one to a boy gagging and choking repeatedly young Richard Swanson failed three times to down his piece determined to succeed he finally got the oil soaked meat into his throat where it lodged and despite all efforts to remove it killed him punishment in Wisconsin a pledge who forgot one section of a ritual incantation to be memorized by all initiates was punished for his error he was required to keep his feet under the rear legs of a folding chair while the heaviest of his fraternity Brothers sat down and drank a beer although the pledge did not cry out during the punishment a bone in each of his feet was broken threats of death a pledge at Zab beta tow fraternity was taken to a beach area of New Jersey and told to dig his own grave seconds after he complied with orders to lie flat in the finished hole the sides collapsed suffocating him before his prospective fraternity Brothers could dig him out there's another striking similarity between the initiation rights of tribal and fraternal societies they simply will not die resisting all attempts to eliminate or suppress them such hazing practices have been phenomenally resilient authorities in the form of colonial governments or university administrations have tried threats social pressures legal actions banishments bribes and de banss to persuade the groups to remove the hazards and humiliations from their ceremonies none has been successful oh there may be a change while the authority is watching closely but this is usually more apparent than real the harsher trials occurring under more secret circumstances until the pressure is off and they can Surface again on some college campuses officials have tried to eliminate dangerous hazing practices by substituting a help week of Civic service or by taking Direct Control of the initiation rituals when such attempts are not slightly circumvented by fraternities they are met with outright physical resistance for example in the aftermath of Richard Swanson's choking death at USC the university President issued new rules requiring that all pledging activities be reviewed by school authorities before going into effect and that adult advisers be present during ceremonies according to One National magazine the new code set off a riot so violent that City police and fire departments were afraid to enter campus resigning themselves to the inevitable other college Representatives have given up on the possibility of abolishing the degradations of hell week if hazing is a universal human activity and every bit of evidence points to this conclusion you most likely won't be able to ban it effectively refuse to allow it openly and it will go underground You Can't Ban sex and you can't prohibit alcohol and you probably can't eliminate hazing what is it about hazing practices that make them so precious to these societies what could make the groups want to evade undermine or contest any effort to ban the degrading and perilous features of their ini iation rights some have argued that the groups themselves are composed of psychological or social miscreant whose Twisted needs demand that others be harmed and humiliated but the evidence does not support such a view studies done on the personality traits of fraternity members for instance show them to be if anything slightly healthier than other college students in their psychological adjustment similarly fraternities are known for their willingness to engage engage in beneficial Community projects for the General Social good what they are not willing to do however is substitute these projects for their initiation ceremonies one survey at the University of Washington found that of the fraternity chapters examined most had a type of help week tradition but that this community service was an addition to hell week in only one case was such service directly related to initiation procedures the the picture that emerges of the perpetrators of hazing practices is of normal individuals who tend to be psychologically stable and socially concerned but who became aberant harsh as a group at only one time immediately before the admission of new members to society the evidence then points to the ceremony as the culprit there must be something about its rigors that is vital to the group there must be some function to its harshness that the group will fight relentlessly to maintain what my own view is that the answer appeared in 1959 in the results of a study little known outside of social psychology a pair of young researchers Elliot Aronson and Judson Mills decided to test their observation that persons who go through a great deal of trouble or pain to attain something tend to Value it more highly than persons who attain the same thing with a minimum of effort the real stroke of inspiration came in their choice of the iation ceremony as the best place to examine this possibility they found that college women who had to endure a severely embarrassing initiation ceremony in order to gain access to a sex Discussion Group convinced themselves that their new group and its discussions were extremely valuable even though Aronson and Mills had previously rehearsed the other group members to be as worthless and uninteresting as possible different co-eds who went through a much milder initiation ceremony or went through no initiation at all were decidedly less positive about the worthless new group they had joined additional research showed the same results when co-eds were required to endure pain rather than embarrassment to get into a group The more electric shock a woman received as part of the initiation ceremony the more she later persuaded herself that her new group and its activities were interesting intelligent and desirable now the harassments the exertions even the beatings of initiation rituals begin to make sense the thonga tribesman watching with tears in his eyes his 10-year-old son tremble through a night on the cold ground of the yard of mysteries the college sophomore punctuating his hellnight paddling of his fraternity little brother with bursts of nervous laughter these are not acts of sadism they are acts of group survival Ral they function oddly enough to Spur future Society members to find the group more attractive and worthwhile as long as it is the case that people like and believe in what they have struggled to get these groups will continue to arrange effortful and Troublesome rights the loyalty and dedication of those who emerge will increase to a great degree the chances of group cohesiveness and survival indeed one study of 54 tribal cultures found that those with the most dramatic and stringent initiation ceremonies were those with the greatest group solidarity given arenson and mills's demonstration that the severity of initiation ceremony significantly heightens the Newcomer's commitment to the group it is hardly surprising that groups will oppose all attempts to eliminate this crucial link to their strength military groups and organizations are by no means exempt from these same processes the agonies of boot camp and the to the armed services are legendary the novelist William styron a former Marine cataloges his own experiences and language we could easily apply to the thas or for that matter to the kappas or betas or Alphas the remorseless close order drill hour after hour in the burning Sun the mental and physical abuse the humiliations the frequent sadism at the hands of drill sergeants all the claustrophobic and terrifying insults to the spe which can make an outpost like quanico or Paris Island one of the closest things in the Free World to a concentration camp but in his commentary styron does more than recount the misery of this training nightmare he recognizes its intended outcome there is no xmarine of my acquaintance regardless of what direction he may have taken spiritually or politically after those Cow gungho Days who does not view the training as a crucible out of which he emerged in some some way more resilient simply braver and better for the wear but why should we believe William styron the writer in such matters after all for professional storytellers the line between truth and fiction is often blurred indeed why should we believe him when he alleges that the infernal character of his military training was not only successful it was specifically intended intended to create desired levels of Pride and camaraderie among those who endured and survived it at least one reason to accept his assessment comes from unfictional lied reality The Case of West Point Cadet John Edwards who was expelled from the US Military Academy in 1988 on charges involving the authorized hazing that all firste Cadets experience at the hands of upper classmen to ensure that the newcomers can withstand the rigors of West Point training it was not that Mr Edwards who ranked AC mically near the top of his 1100 member class had been unable to Bear up under the ritual when he was subjected to it nor was he expelled because he had been aberant cruel in his treatment of the younger Cadets his offense was that he would not expose the newcomers to what he felt was absurd and dehumanizing treatment once again then it appears that for groups concerned about creating a lasting sense of solidarity and distinction the hardship of demanding initiation activities provides a valuable advantage that they will not easily surrender either to aspiring members who are unwilling to take the harshness or to give it out the inner Choice examination of such diverse activities as the indoctrination practices of the Chinese Communists and the initiation rituals of college fraternities has provided some valuable information about commitment it appears that commitments are most effective in Chang in a person's self-image and future Behavior when they are active public and effortful but there is another property of effective commitment that is more important than the other three combined to understand what it is we first need to solve a pair of puzzles in the actions of communist interrogators and fraternity Brothers the first puzzle comes from the refusal of fraternity chapters to allow Public Service activities to be part of ceremonies recall that one survey showed that Community projects though frequent were nearly always separated from the membership induction program but why if an effortful commitment is what fraternities are after in their initiation rights surely they could structure enough distasteful and strenuous Civic activities for their pledges there is plenty of exertion and unpleasantness to be had in the world of old age home repairs Mental Health Center yard work and hospital bed pant Duty besides community-spirited Endeavors of this sort would do much to improve the highly unfavorable public and media image of fraternity hellweek rights a survey showed that for every positive newspaper story concerning hell week there were five negative stories if only for public relations reasons then fraternities should want to incorporate community service efforts into their initiation practices but they don't to examine the second puzzle we need to return to the Chinese prison camps of Korea and the regular political essay contests held for American captives the Chinese wanted as many Americans as possible to enter these contests so that in the process they might write things favorable to the Communist view if however the idea was to attract large numbers of entrance why were the prizes so small a few extra cigarettes or a little fresh fruit were often all that a contest winner could expect in the setting even these prizes were valuable but still there were much larger rewards warm clothing special male privileges increased freedom of movement in Camp that the Chinese could have used to increase the number of essay writers yet they specifically chose to employ the smaller rather than the larger more motivating rewards although the settings are quite different the surveyed fraternities refused to allow Civic activities into their initiation Ceremonies for the same reason that the Chinese withheld large prizes in favor of less powerful inducements they wanted the men to own what they had done no excuses no ways out were allowed a man who suffered through an arduous hazing could not be given the chance to believe he did so for charitable purposes a prisoner who salted his political Essay with a few anti-American comments could not be permitted to shrug it off as motivated by a big reward no the fraternity chapters and Chinese Communists were playing for keeps it was not enough to ring commitments out of their men those men had to be made to take inner responsibility for their actions given the Chinese Communist government's affinity for the political essay contest as a commitment device it should come as no surprise that a wave of such contests appeared in the aftermath of the 1989 massacre in chenman square where pro-democracy protesters were gunned down by government soldiers in Beijing alone nine state run newspapers and television stations sponsored essay competitions on the quelling of the counterrevolutionary Rebellion still acting in accord with its long-standing and insightful de-emphasis of rewards for public commitments the Beijing government left the contest prizes unspecified social scientists have determined that we accept inner responsibility for a behavior when we think we have chosen to perform it in the absence of strong outside pressures a large reward is one such external pressure it may get us to perform a certain action but it won't get us to accept inner responsibility for the ACT consequently we won't feel committed to it the same is true of a strong threat it may motivate immediate compliance but it is unlikely to produce long-term commitment all this has important implications for rearing children it suggests that we should never heavily bribe or threaten our children to do the things we want them truly to believe in such pressures will probably produce temporary compliance with our wishes however if we want more than just that if we want the children to believe in the correctness of what they have done if we want them to continue to perform the desire behavior when we are not present to apply those outside pressures then we must somehow arrange for them to accept inner responsibility for the actions we want them to take an experiment by Jonathan fredman gives us some hints about what to do and what not to do in this regard fredman wanted to see if he could prevent second to fourth grade boys from playing with a fascinating toy just because he had said that it was wrong to do so some 6 weeks earlier anyone familiar with 7 to 9-year-old boys must realize the enormity of the task but fredman had a plan if he could first get the boys to convince themselves that it was wrong to play with a forbidden toy perhaps that belief would keep them from playing with thereafter the difficult thing was making the boys believe that it was wrong to amuse themselves with the toy an extremely expensive battery controlled robot Freedman knew it would be easy enough to have a boy obey temporarily all he had to do was threaten the boy with severe consequences should he be caught playing with the toy as long as he was nearby to deal out stiff punishment fredman figured that few boys would risk operating the robot he was right after showing a boy an array of five toys and warning him it is wrong to play with the robot if you play with the robot I'll be very angry and we have to do something about it Freedman left the room for a few minutes during that time the boy was observed secretly through a one-way mirror Freedman tried this threat procedure on 22 different boys and 21 of them never touched the robot while he was gone so a strong threat was successful while the boys thought they might get caught and punished but fredman had already guessed that he was really interested in the effectiveness of the threat in guiding the boy's Behavior later on when he was no longer around to find out what would happen and then he sent a young woman back to the boys school about 6 weeks after he had been there she took the boys out of the class one at a time to participate in an experiment without ever mentioning any connection with fredman she escorted each boy back to the room with the five toys and gave him a drawing test while she was scoring the test she told the boy that he was free to play with any toy in the room of course almost all the boys played with the toy the interesting result was that of the boys playing with the toy 77% chose to play with the robot that had been forbidden to them earlier fredman's severe threat which had been so successful 6 weeks before was almost totally unsuccessful when he was no longer able to back it up with punishment but fredman wasn't finished yet he changed his procedure slightly with a second sample of boys these boys too were initially shown the array of five toys by fredman and warn not to play with a robot while he was briefly out of the room because it is wrong to play with a robot but this time fredman provided no strong threat to frighten a boy into obedience he simply left the room and observed through the oneway mirror to see if his instruction against playing with the Forbidden toy was enough it was just as with the other sample only one of the 22 boys touched the robot during the short time fredman was gone the real difference between the two samples of boys came six weeks later when they had a chance to play with the toys while fredman was no longer around an astonishing thing happened with the boys who had earlier been given no strong threat against playing with the robot when given the freedom to play with any toy they wished most avoided the robot even though it was by far the most attractive of the five toys available the others were a cheap plastic submarine a child's baseball glove without a ball an unloaded toy rifle and a toy tractor when these boys played with one of the five toys only 33% chose the robot something dramatic had happened to both groups of boys for the first group it was the severe threat they heard from fredman to back up a statement that playing with the robot was wrong it had been quite effective at first when fredman could catch them should they violate his rule later though when he was no longer present to observe the boy's Behavior his threat was impotent and his rule was consequently ignored it seems clear that the threat had not taught the boys that operating the robot was wrong only that it was unwise to do so when the possibility of punishment existed for the other boys the dramatic event had come from the inside not the outside fredman had instructed them too that playing with the robot was wrong but he had added no threat of punishment should they disobey him there were two important results first fredman's instruction alone was enough to prevent the boys from operating the robot while he was briefly out of the room second the boys took personal responsibility for their choice to stay away from the robot during that time they decided that they hadn't played with it because they didn't want to after all there were no strong punishments associated with the toy to explain their behavior otherwise thus weeks later when fredman was nowhere around they still ignored the robot because they had been changed inside to believe that they did not want to play with it adults facing the child rearing experience can take a cue from the Freedman study suppose a couple wants to impress upon their daughter that lying is wrong a strong clear threat it's bad to lie honey so if I catch you at it I'll cut your tongue out might well be effective when the parents are present or when the girl thinks she can be discovered but it will not achieve the larger goal of convincing her that she does not want to lie because she thinks it's wrong to do that a much subtler approach is required a reason must be given that is just strong enough to get her to be truthful most of the time but is not so strong that she sees it as the obvious reason for her truthfulness it's a tricky business because exactly what this barely sufficient reason will be changes from child to child for one little girl a simple appeal may be enough it's bad to lie honey so I hope you won't do do it for another child it may be necessary to add a somewhat stronger reason because if you do I'll be disappointed in you for a third child mild form of warning may be required as well and I'll probably have to do something I don't want to do wise parents will know which kind of Reason will work on their own children the important thing is to use a reason that will initially produce the desired behavior and will at the same time allow a child to take personal responsibility for that behavior thus the less detectable outside pressure such a reason contains the better selecting just the right reason is not an easy task for parents but the effort should pay off it is likely to mean the difference between shortlived compliance and commitment for a pair of reasons we have already talked about compliance professionals love commitments that produce inner change first that change is not just specific to the situation where it first occurred it covers a whole range of related situations too second the effects of the change are lasting so once a man has been induced to take action that shifts his self-image to that of let's say a public spirited citizen he is likely to be public spirited in a variety of other circumstances where his compliance may also be desired and he is likely to continue his public spirited behavior for as long as his new self-image holds there is yet another Traction in commitments that lead to Interchange they grow their own legs there is no need for the compliance professional to undertake a costly and continuing effort to reinforce the change the pressure for consistency will take care of all that after our friend comes to view himself as a public spirited citizen he will automatically begin to see things differently he will convince himself that it is the correct way to be he will will begin to pay attention to facts he hadn't noticed before about the value of community service he will make himself available to hear arguments he hadn't heard before favoring Civic action and he will find such arguments more persuasive than before in general because of the need to be consistent within his system of beliefs he will assure himself that his choice to take public spirited action was right what is important about this process of generating additional reasons to justify the commitment is that the reasons are new thus even if the original reason for the civic-minded behavior was taken away these newly discovered reasons might be enough by themselves to support his perception that he had behaved correctly the advantage to an unscrupulous compliance professional is tremendous because we build new struts to undergird choices we have committed ourselves to an exploitative individual can offer us an inducement for making such a choice and after the decision has been made can remove that inducement knowing that our decision will probably stand on its own newly created legs new car dealers frequently try to benefit from this process through a trick they call throwing a lowball I first encountered the tactic while posing as a sales trainee at a local Chevrolet dealership after a week of basic instruction I was allowed to watch the regular salesman perform one practice that caught my attention right away was the lowball for certain customers a very good price is offered on a car perhaps as much as $400 below competitor prices the good deal however is not genuine the dealer never intends it to go through its only purpose is to cause a prospect to decide to buy one of the dealership's cars once the decision is made a number of activities develop the customer's sense of personal commitment to the car a raft of purchase forms are filled out extensive financing terms are arranged sometimes the customer is encouraged to drive the car for a day before signing the contract so you can get the feel of it and show it around in the neighborhood and at work during this time the dealer knows customers automatically develop a range of new reasons to support the choice they have now made then something happens occasion Ally an error in the calculations is discovered maybe the salesman forgot to add in the cost of the air conditioner and if the buyer still requires air conditioning $400 must be added to the price to keep from being suspected of gouging by the customer some dealers let the bank handling the financing find the mistake at other times the deal is disallowed at the last moment when the salesman checks with his boss who cancels it because we'd be losing money for only another $400 the car can be had which in the context of a multi thousand deal doesn't seem too steep since as the salesman emphasizes the cost is equal to competitors and this is the car you chose right another even more Insidious form of lowballing occurs when the salesman makes an inflated tradein offer on the prospect's old car as part of the Buy trade package the customer recognizes the offer as overly generous and jumps at the deal later before the contract is signed the used car manager says that the salesman's estimate was $400 too high and reduces the trade in allowance to its actual Blue Book level the customer realizing that the reduced offer is the fair one accepts it as appropriate and sometimes feels guilty about trying to take advantage of the salesman's High estimate I once witnessed a woman provide an embarrassed apology to a Salesman who had used used the last version of lowballing on her this while she was signing a new car contract giving him a huge commission he looked hurt but managed a forgiving smile no matter which variety of lowballing is used the sequence is the same an advantage is offered that induces a favorable purchase decision then sometime after the decision has been made but before the bargain is sealed the original purchase Advantage is deafly removed it seems almost incredible that a customer would buy a car under these circumstances yet it works not on everybody of course but it is effective enough to be a staple compliance procedure in many many car showrooms automobile dealers have come to understand the ability of a personal commitment to build its own support system a support system of new justifications for the commitment often these justifications provide so many strong legs for the decision to stand on that when the dealer pulls away only one leg the original one there is no collapse the loss can be Shrugged off by the customer who is consoled even made Happy by the array of other good reasons favoring the choice it never occurs to the buyer that those additional reasons might never have existed had the choice not been made in the first place the impressive thing about the lowball tactic is its ability to make a person feel pleased with a poor choice those who have only poor choices to offer us then are especially fond of the technique we can find them throwing low balls in business social and personal situations for instance there's my neighbor Tim a true lowball afficianado recall that he's the one who by promising to change his ways got his girlfriend Sarah to cancel her impending marriage to another and to take him back since her decision for Tim Sarah has become more devoted to him than ever even though he has not fulfilled his promises she explains this by saying that she has allowed herself to see all sorts of positive qualities in Tim she had never recognized before I know full well that Sarah is a lowball victim just as sure as I had watched buyers fall for the give it and take it away later strategy in the car showroom I watched her fall for the same trick with Tim for his part Tim Remains the guy he has always has been but because the new attractions Sarah has discovered or created in him are quite real for her she now seems satisfied with the same Arrangement that was unacceptable before her enormous commitment the decision to choose Tim poor as it may have been objectively has grown its own supports and appears to have made Sarah genuinely happy I have never mentioned to Sarah what I know lowballing the reason for my silence is not that I think her better off in the dark on the issue as a general guiding principle more information is always better than less information it's just that if I said a word I am confident she would hate me for it depending on the motives of the person wishing to use them any of the compliance techniques discussed in this audio book can be employed for good or ill it should not be surprising then that the lowball tactic can be used for more socially beneficial purposes than selling new cars or reestablishing relationships with former lovers one research project done in Iowa for example shows how the lowball procedure can influence homeowners to conserve energy the project headed by Dr Michael pallic began at the start of the Iowa winter when residents who heated their homes with natural gas were contacted by an interviewer the interviewer gave them some energy conservation tips and asked them to try to save fuel in the future although they all agreed to try when the researchers examined the utility records of these families after a month and again at Winter's end it was clear that no real savings had occurred the residents who had promised to make conservation attempt used just as much natural gas as a random sample of their neighbors who had not been contacted by an interviewer just good intentions coupled with information about saving fuel then were not enough to change habits even before the project began pic and his research team had recognized that something more would be needed to shift long-standing energy patterns so they tried a slightly different procedure on a comparable sample of Iowa Natural Gas users these people too were contacted by an interviewer Who provided energy-saving hints and asked them to conserve but for these families the interviewer offered something else those residents agreeing to save energy would have their names publicized in newspaper articles as public-spirited fuel conserving citizens the effect was immediate one month later when the utility companies checked their meters the homeowners in this sample had saved an average of 422 cubic feet of natural gas a piece the chance to have their names in the paper had motivated these residents to substantial conservation efforts for a period of a month then the rug was pulled out the researchers extracted the reason that had initially caused these people to save fuel each family that had been promised publicity received a letter saying it would not be possible to publicize their names after all at the end of the winter the research team examined the effect that letter had had on the natural gas usage of the families did they return to their old wasteful habits when the chance to be in the newspaper was removed hardly for each of the remaining winter months they actually conserved more fuel than they had during the time they thought they would be publicly celebrated for it in terms of percentage of Energy savings they had managed a 12.2% first month gas savings because they expected to see themselves lotted in the paper but after the letter arrived informing them to the contrary they did not return to their previous energy use levels instead they increased their savings to a 15.5% level for the rest of the winter although we can never be completely sure of such things one explanation for their persistent Behavior presents itself immediately these people had been low balled into a conservation commitment through a promise of newspaper publicity once made that commitment started generating its own support the homeowners began acquiring new energy habits began feeling good about their public spirited efforts began convincing themselves of the vital need to reduce American dependence on foreign oil began appreciating the monetary Savings in their utility bills began feeling proud of their capacity for self-denial and most important began viewing themselves as conservation-minded with all these new reasons present to justify the commitment to use less energy it is no wonder that the commitment remained firm even after the original reason newspaper publicity had been kicked away but strangely enough when the publicity Factor was no longer a possibilities these families did not merely maintain their fuel saving effort they heightened it any of a number of interpretations could be offered for that still stronger effort but I have a favorite in a way the opportunity to receive newspaper publicity had prevented the homeowners from fully owning their commitment to conservation of all the reasons supporting the decision to try to save fuel it was the only one that had come from the outside it was the only one preventing the homeowners from thinking that they were conserving gas because they believed in it so when the letter arrived canceling the publicity agreement it removed the only impediment to these residents images of themselves as fully concerned energy conscious citizens this unqualified new self-image then push them to even greater Heights conservation whether or not such an explanation is correct a repeat study done by pallic indicates that this hidden benefit of the lowball tactic is no fluke the experiment was done in summer on Ians whose homes were cooled by central air conditioning those homeowners who were promised newspaper publicity decreased their electricity use by 27.8% during July as compared compared to similar homeowners who were not promised any coverage or who were not contacted at all at the end of July a letter was sent canceling the publicity promise rather than reverting to their old habits the low bald residents increased their August Energy savings to a stunning 41.6% much like Sarah they appeared to have become committed to a choice through an initial inducement and were still more dedicated to it after the inducement had been removed how to say no consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds or at least so goes a frequently heard quotation attributed to Ralph Waldo Emerson but what a very odd thing to say looking around it is obvious that quite contrary to what Emerson seems to have suggested internal consistency is a Hallmark of logic and intellectual strength while its lack character izes the intellectually scattered and limited Among Us what then could a thinker of Emerson's caliber have meant when he assigned the trait of consistency to the small-minded I was sufficiently intrigued to go back to the original source of his statement the essay self-reliance where it was clear that the problem lay not in Emerson but in the popular version of what he had said actually he wrote a foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little Minds for some obscure reason a central distinction had been lost as the years eroded the accurate version of his statement to mean something entirely different and upon close inspection entirely silly that distinction should not be lost on us however because it is vital to the only effective defense I know against the weapons of influence embodied in the combined principles of consistency although consistency is generally good even vital there is a foolish rigid variety to be shunned it is this tendency to be automatically and unthinkingly consistent that Emerson referred to and it is this tendency that we must be wary of for it lays US Open to the maneuvers of those who want to exploit the mechanical commitment consistency sequence for profit but since automatic consistency is so useful in allowing us an economical and appropriate way of Behaving most of the time we can't decide merely to eliminate it from our lives altogether the results would be disastrous if rather than weing along in accordance with our prior decisions into Deeds we sto to Think Through the merits of every new action before performing it we would never have time to accomplish anything significant we need even that dangerous mechanical brand of consistency the only way out of the Dilemma is to know when such consistency is likely to lead to a poor choice there are certain signals two separate kinds of signals in fact to tip us off we register each type in a different part of our bodies the first sort of signal is easy to recognize it occurs right in the pit of our stomachs when we realize we are trapped into complying with a request we know we don't want to perform it has happened to me a hundred times an especially memorable instance though took place on a summer evening well before I began to study compliance tactics I answered my doorbell to find a stunning young woman dressed in shorts and revealing halter top I noticed nonetheless that she was carrying a clipboard and was asking me to participate in a survey wanting to make a favorable impression I agreed and I do admit stretched the truth in my interview answers so as to present myself in the most positive light our conversation went as follows stunning young woman hello I'm doing a survey on the entertainment habits of City residents and I wonder if you could answer a few questions for me chelini do come in thank you I'll just sit right here and begin how many times per week would you say that you go out to dinner oh probably three maybe four times a week whenever I can really I love F restaurants how nice and do you usually order wine with your dinner only if it's imported I see what about movies do you go to the movies much the cinema I can't get enough of good films I especially like the sophisticated kind with the words on the bottom of the screen how about you do you like to see films uh yes I do but let's get back to the interview do you go to many concerts definitely the syphonic stuff mostly of course but I do enjoy a quality pop group as well writing rapidly great just one more question what about touring performances by theatrical or ballet companies do you see them when they're in town ah the ballet the movement the grace the form I love it Mark me down as loving the ballet see at every chance I get fine just let me recheck my figures here for a moment Mr chalini actually it's Dr chalini but that sounds so formal why don't you call me Bob all right Bob from the information you've already given me I'm pleased to say that you could save up to $1,200 a year by joining Club America a small membership fee entitles you to discounts on most of the activities you've mentioned surely someone is socially vigorous as yourself would want to take advantage of the tremendous savings our company can offer on all the things you've already told me you do trapped like a rat well I uh I guess so I remember quite well feeling my stomach tighten as I stammered my agreement it was a clear call to my brain hey you're being taken here but I couldn't see a way out I had been cornered by my own words to decline her offer at that point would have meant facing a pair of distasteful Alternatives if I tried to back out by protesting that I was not actually the man about town I had claimed to be during the interview I would come off a liar but trying to fuse without that protest would make me come off a fool for not wanting to save $1,200 so I bought the entertainment package even though I knew I had been set up so that the need to be consistent with what I had already said would snare me no more though I listen to my stomach these days and I have discovered a way to handle people who try to use the consistency principle on me I just tell them exactly what they are doing it works beautifully most of the time they don't understand me they just become sufficiently confused to want to leave me alone I think they suspect lunacy in anyone who responds to their requests by explaining what Ralph Waldo Emerson meant and distinguishing between consistency and foolish consistency usually they have already begun edging Away by the time I have mentioned hobgoblins of the mind and are gone long before I have described The Click were character of commitment and consistency occasionally though they realize that I am on to their game I always know when that happens it's as clear as the egg on faces they invariably become flustered Bumble through a hasty exit line and go for the door this tactic has become the perfect Counterattack for me whenever my stomach tells me I would be a sucker to comply with the request merely because doing so would be consistent with some prior commitment I was tricked into I relay that message to the request I don't deny the importance of consistency I just point out the absurdity of foolish consistency whether in response the requester shrinks away guiltily or retreats in bewilderment I am content I have won an exploiter has lost I sometimes think about how it would be if that stunning young woman of years ago were to try to sell me an entertainment club membership now I have it all worked out the entire interaction would be the same except for the end stunning young woman surely someone as socially you've already told me you do chelini with great self assurance quite wrong you see I recognize what has gone on here I know that your story about doing a survey was just a pretext for getting people to tell you how often they go out and that under those circumstance ances there is a natural tendency to exaggerate I also realize that your boss has selected you for this job because of your physical attractiveness and told you to wear clothes showing a lot of your resilient body tissue because a pretty scany clad woman is likely to get men to brag about what swingers they are in order to impress her so I'm not interested in your entertainment club because of what Emerson said about foolish consistency and hobgoblins of mind staring blankly huh look what I told you during your fake survey doesn't matter I refuse to allow myself to be locked into a mechanical sequence of commitment and consistency when I know it's wrong-headed no click were for huh okay let me put it this way one it would be stupid of me to spend money on something I don't want two I have it on excellent Authority direct from my stomach that I don't want your entertainment Plan Three therefore if you still believe that I will buy it you probably also still believe in the tooth fairy surely someone as intelligent as yourself would be able to understand that trapped like a stunning young rat well uh I uh I guess so stomachs are not especially perceptive or subtle organs only when it is obvious that we are about to be conned are they likely to register and transmit that message at other times when it is not clear that we are being taken our stomach may never catch on under those circumstances we have to look elsewhere for a clue the situation of my neighbor Sarah provides a good illustration she made an important commitment to Tim by canceling her prior marriage plans that commitment has grown its own supports so that even though the original reasons for the commitment are gone she remains in harmony with it she has convinced herself with newly formed reasons that she did the right thing so she stays with Tim it is not difficult to see why there would be no tightening in Sarah's stomach as a result stomachs tell us when we are doing something we think is wrong for us Sarah thinks no such thing to her mind she has chosen correctly and is behaving consistently with that choice yet unless I badly miss my guess there is a part of Sarah that recognizes her choice as a mistake and her current living Arrangement as a brand of foolish consistency where exactly that that part of Sarah is located we can't be sure but our language does give it a name heart hearts it is by definition the one place where we cannot fool ourselves it is the place where none of our justifications none of our rationalizations penetrate Sarah has the truth there although right now she can't hear its signal clearly through the noise and static of the new support apparatus she has erected if Sarah has aired in her choice of Tim how long could she go without clearly recognizing it without having a massive heart of hearts attack there is telling one thing is certain however as time passes the various alternatives to Tim are disappearing she had better determine soon whether she is making a mistake easier said than done of course she must answer an extremely intricate question knowing what I now know if I could go back in time would I make the same Choice the problem lies in the knowing what I now know part of the question just what does she now know accurately about Tim how much of what she thinks of him is the result of a desperate attempt to justify the commitment she made she claims that since her decision to take him back he cares for her more is trying hard to stop his excessive drinking has learned to make a wonderful omelet Etc having tasted a couple of his omelets I have my doubts the important issue though is whether she believes these things not just intellectually we can play Such mind games on ourselves but in her heart hearts there may be a little device Sarah can use to find out how much of her current satisfaction with Tim is real and how much is foolish consistency accumulating psychological evidence indicates that we experience our feelings towards something a split second before we can intellectualize about it my suspicion is that the message sent by the heart of hearts is a pure basic feeling therefore if we train ourselves to be attentive we should regist it ever so slightly before our cognitive apparatus engages according to this approach where Sarah to ask herself The crucial would I make the same Choice again question she would be well advised to look for and Trust the first flash of feeling she experienced in response it would likely be the signal from her heart of hearts slipping through un distorted just before the means by which she could kid herself flooded in I began using the same device myself whenever I even suspect I might be acting in a foolishly consistent manner one time for instance I had stopped at the self-service pump of a filling station advertising a price per gallon a couple of cents below the rate of other stations in the area but with pump nozzle in hand I noticed that the price listed on the pump was 2 cents higher than the display sign price when I mentioned the difference to a passing attendant who I later Learned was the owner he mumbled unconvincingly that the rates had changed a few days ago but there hadn't been time to correct the display I tried to decide what to do some reasons for staying came to mind I really do need gasoline badly this pump is available and I am in sort of a hurry I think I remember that my car runs better on this brand of gas I needed to determine whether those reason reasons were genuine or mere justifications for my decision to stop there so I asked myself The crucial question knowing what I know about the real price of this gasoline if I could go back in time would I make the same Choice again concentrating on the first burst of impression I sensed the answer was clear and unqualified I would have driven right past I wouldn't even have slowed down I knew then without the price Advantage those other reasons would not have brought me there they hadn't created the decision the decision had created them that settled there was another decision to be faced though since I was already there holding the hose wouldn't it be better to use it than to suffer the inconvenience of going elsewhere to pay the same price fortunately the station attendant owner came over and helped me make up my mind he asked why I wasn't pumping any gas I told him I didn't like the price discrepancy and he said with a snarl listen nobody's going to tell me how to run my business if you think I'm cheating you just put that hose down right now and get off my property as fast as you can do it Bud already certain he was a cheat I was happy to act consistently with my belief and his wishes I dropped the hose on the spot and drove over it on my way to the closest exit sometimes consistency can be a marvelously rewarding thing readers report from a woman living in Portland Oregon I was walking through downtown Portland on my way to a lunch appointment when a young attractive man stopped me with a friendly smile and a powerful line excuse me I'm involved in a contest and I need a good-look woman like yourself to help me win I was truly skeptical since I know there are many more attractive women than myself running around however I was caught off guard and was curious to find out what he wanted he explained that he would receive points for a contest by getting total strangers to give him a kiss now I consider myself a fairly level-headed person who shouldn't have believed his line but he was quite persistent and since I was almost late for my lunch appointment I thought what the heck I'll give the guy a kiss and get out of here so I did something totally against my common sense and pecked to this total stranger on the cheek in the middle of downtown Portland I thought that would be the end of it but I soon learned that it was just the beginning much to my distress he follow the kiss with a line you are a great kisser but the real contest I'm involved in is to sell magazine subscriptions you must be an active person would any of these magazines interest you at this point I should have slugged the guy and walked away but somehow because I had complied with his initial request I felt a need to be consistent and I complied with his request yes much to my own disbelief I actually subscribed to ski magazine which I occasionally enjoy reading but had no intention of subscribing to gave him a $5 initial subscription fee and left as quickly as possible feeling quite frustrated with what I had just done and not understanding why I had done it although it still pains me to think about it in reflecting on the incident after reading your book I've now figured out what happened the reason this tactic worked so effectively is because once small commitments have been made in this case giving a kiss people tend to add justifications to support the commitment and then are willing to commit themselves further in this situation I Justified complying with a second request because it was consistent with my initial action if I had only listened to my stomach signs I could have saved myself a lot of humiliation by extracting a kiss the salesman exploited the consistency principle in two ways first by the time he asked for her Aid in the magazine contest his Prospect had already gone on record with that kiss as agreeing to help him win a contest second it seems only natural I.E congruent that if a woman feels positively enough toward a man to kiss him she should feel positively toward helping him out chapter 4 social proof truths are us where all think alike no one thinks very much Walter Lipman I don't know anyone who likes canned laughter in fact when I surveyed the people who came into my office one day several students two telephone repairmen a number of University professors and the janitor the reaction was invariably critical television with its incessant system of laugh tracks and technically augmented mirth received the most heat the people I questioned hated canned laughter they called it stupid phony and obvious although my sample was small I would bet that it closely reflects the negative feelings of most of the American public toward laugh tracks why then is caned laughter so popular with television Executives they have won their exalted positions and Splendid salaries by knowing how to give the public What It Wants yet they religiously employ the laugh tracks that their audiences find distasteful and they do so over the objections of many of their most talented artists it is not uncommon for acclaimed directors writers or actors to demand the elimination of canned responses from the television projects they undertake these demands are only sometimes successful and when they are it is not without a battle what could it be about canned laughter that is so attractive to television Executives why would these shrewd and tested businessmen Champion a practice that their potential Watchers find disagreeable and their most creative Talent find personally insulting the answer is at once simple intriguing they know what the research says experiments have found that the use of canned Mart causes an audience to laugh longer and more often when humorous material is presented and to rate the material is funnier in addition some evidence indicates that canned laughter is most effective for poor jokes in the light of these data the actions of Television Executives make perfect sense the introduction of laugh tracks into their comic programming will increase the humorous and appreciative responses of an audience even and especially when the material is of poor quality is it any surprise then that television glutted as it is with artless situation comedy attempts should be saturated with canned laughter those Executives know precisely what they are doing but with the mystery of the widespread use of laugh track solved we are left with a more perplexing question why does canned laughter work on us the way it does it is no longer the television Executives who appear peculiar they are acting logically and in their own interests instead it is the behavior of the audience of you and me that seems strange why should we laugh more at comedy material afloat in a sea of mechanically fabricated Mart and why should should we think that comic flatsome funnier the executives aren't really fooling us anyone can recognize dubbed laughter it is so blatant so clearly counterfeit that there could be no confusing it with the real thing we know full well that the hilarity we hear is irrelevant to the humorous quality of the joke it follows that it is created not spontaneously by a genuine audience but artificially by a technician at a control board yet transparent forgery that it is it works on us to discover why canned laughter is so effective we first need to understand the nature of yet another potent weapon of influence the principle of social proof it states that one means we use to determine what is correct is to find out what other people think is correct the principle applies especially to the way we decide what constitutes correct Behavior we view a behavior as more correct in a given situation to the degree that we see others performing it whether the question is what to do with an empty popcorn box in a movie theater how fast to drive on a certain stretch of highway or how to eat the chicken at a dinner party the actions of those around us will be important in defining the answer the tendency to see an action is more appropriate when others are doing it normally works quite well as a rule we will make fewer Mistakes by acting in accord with social evidence than contrary to it usually when a lot of people are doing something it is the right thing to do this feature of the principle of social proof is simultaneously its major strength and its major weakness like the other weapons of influence it provides a convenient shortcut for determining how to behave but at the same time makes one who uses the shortcut vulnerable to the attacks of propers who lie in weight along its path in the case of canned laughter the problem comes when we begin responding to social proof in such a Mindless and reflexive fashion that we can be fooled by partial or fake evidence our Folly is not that we use others laughter to help decide what is humorous and when mirth is appropriate that is in keeping with the well-founded principle of social proof the Folly is that we do so in response to patently fraud ENT laughter somehow one disembodied feature of humor a sound works like the essence of humor the example from chapter one of the turkey and the Polecat is instructive here remember that because the particular cheap cheap of turkey chicks is normally associated with newborn turkeys their mothers will display or withhold maternal care solely on the bases of that sound and remember how consequently it was possible to trick a female turkey and to mothering a stuffed pole cat as long as the replica played the recorded cheap cheap of a baby turkey the simulated chick sound was enough to start the female's mothering tape worrying the lesson of the turkey and the Polecat illustrates uncomfortably well the relationship between the average viewer and the laugh track playing television executive we have become so accustomed to taking the humorous reactions of others as evidence of what deserves laughter that we too can be made to respond to the sound and not to the substance of the real thing much as a cheap cheap noise removed from the reality of a chick can stimulate a female turkey to mother so can a recorded haha removed from the reality of a genuine audience stimulate us to laugh the television executives are exploiting our preference for shortcuts our tendency to react automatically on the basis of partial evidence they know that their t will QR tapes click were television executives are hardly alone in their use of social evidence for profit our tendency to assume that an action is more correct if others are doing it is exploited in a variety of settings bartenders often salt their tip jars with a few dollar bills at the beginning of the evening to simulate tips left by prior customers and thereby to give the impression that tipping with folding money is proper a barroom behavior Church ushers sometimes salt collection baskets for the same reason and with the same positive effect on proceeds Evangelical preachers are known to seed Their audience with ringers who are rehearsed to come forward at a specified time to give witness and donations for example an Arizona State University Research team that infiltrated the Billy Graham organization reported on such Advanced preparations prior to one of his Crusade visits by the time Graham arrives in town and makes his alter call an army of 6,000 wait with instructions on when to come forth at varying intervals to create the impression of a spontaneous Mass outpouring advertisers love to inform us when a product is the fastest growing or largest selling because they don't have to convince us directly that the product is good they need only say that many others think so which seems proof enough the producers of Charity tons devote inordinate amounts of time to the incessant list of viewers who have already pledged contributions the message being communicated to the holdouts is clear look at all the people who have decided to give it must be the correct thing to do at the height of the Disco craze certain discotech owners manufactured a brand of visible social proof for their club's quality by creating long waiting lines outside when there was plenty of room inside salesmen are taught to spice their pitches with numerous accounts of individuals who have purchased purchased product sales and motivation consultant Kat Robert captures the principle nicely and his advice to sales trainees since 95% of the people are imitators and only 5% initiators people are persuad more by the actions of others than by any proof we can offer researchers too have employed procedures based on the principle of social proof sometimes with astounding results one psychologist in particular Albert bandura has led the way in developing such procedures for the elimination of undesirable behavior bandura and his colleagues have shown how people suffering from phobias can be rid of these extreme fears in an amazingly simple fashion for instance in an early study Nursery School AG children chosen because they were terrified of dogs merely watched a little boy playing happily with a dog for 20 minutes a day this exhibition produced such marked changes in the reactions of the fearful children that after only 4 days 67% of them were willing to climb into a play pen with a dog and remain confined there petting and scratching it while everyone else left the room moreover when the researchers tested the children's fear levels again one month later they found that the Improvement had not evaporated during that time in fact the children were more willing than ever to interact with dogs an important practical Discovery was made in a second study of children who were exceptionally afraid of dogs to reduce their fears it was not necessary to provide live demonstrations of another child playing with a dog film clips had the same effect and the most effective type of Clips were those depicting not one but a variety of other children interacting with their dogs apparently the principle of social proof works best when the proof is provided by the actions a lot of other people the powerful influence of filmed examples in changing the behavior of children can be used as therapy for various problems some striking evidence is available in the research of psychologist Robert OK Conor on socially withdrawn preschool children we have all seen children of this sort terribly shy standing alone at the fringes of the games and groupings peers OK Conor worried that a long-term pattern of isolation was forming even at an early age that would create persistent difficulties in Social comfort and adjustment through adulthood in an attempt to reverse the pattern OK Conor made a film containing 11 different scenes in a nursery school setting each scene began by showing a different solitary child watching some ongoing social activity and then actively joining the activity to everyone's enjoyment ' Conor selected a group of the most sever verely withdrawn children from four preschools and showed them his film the impact was impressive the isets immediately began to interact with their peers at a level equal to that of the normal children in schools even more astonishing was what oconor found when he returned to observe 6 weeks later while the withdrawn children who had not seen OK Conor's film remained as isolated as ever those who had viewed it were now leading their schools in a of activity it seems that this 23-minute movie viewed just once was enough to reverse a potential pattern of lifelong maladaptive Behavior such is the potency of the principle of social proof when it comes to illustrations of the strength of social proof there is one that is far and away my favorite several features account for its appeal it offers a superb example of the much underused method of participant observation in which a scientist studies a process by becoming immersed in its occurrence it provides information of interest to such diverse groups as historians psychologists and theologians and most important it shows how social evidence can be used on us not by others but by ourselves to assure us that what we prefer to be true will seem to be true the story is an old one requiring an examination of ancient data for the past is dotted with Millennial religious movements various sects and Cults have profesi that on one or another particular date there would arrive a period of redemption and great happiness for those who believed in the group's teachings in each instance it has been predicted that the beginning of the time of Salvation would be marked by an important and undeniable event usually the cataclysmic end of the world of course these predictions have variably proved false to the acute dismay of the members of such groups the end has never appeared as scheduled but immediately following the obvious failure of the prophecy history records an enigmatic pattern rather than disbanding in disillusion the cultists often become strengthened in their convictions risking the ridicule of the populace they take to the streets publicly asserting their dogma and seeking convert with a fervor that is intensified not diminished by the clear disconfirmation of a central belief so it was with the montanists of 2 Century turkey with the anabaptists of 16th century Holland with the sabots of 17th century ismir with the millerites of 19th century America and thought a trio of interested social scientists so it might be with the Doomsday cult based in modern day Chicago the scient s Leon festinger Henry Rin and Stanley Shaker who were then colleagues at the University of Minnesota heard about the Chicago group and felt it worthy of close study their decision to investigate by joining the group Incognito as new Believers and by placing additional paid observers among its ranks resulted in a remarkably Rich firsthand account of the goings on before and after the day of predicted catastrophe The Cult of believer was small never numbering more than 30 members its leaders were a middle-aged man and woman whom the researchers renamed for purposes of publication Dr Thomas Armstrong and Mrs Marian kech Dr Armstrong a physician on the staff of a college student health service had a long-held interest in mysticism the occult and flying saucers as such he served as a respected Authority on these subjects for the group Mrs ke though was the center of attention and activity earlier in the year she had begun to receive messages from Spiritual Beings whom she called the Guardians located on other planets it was these messages flowing through Maran K's hand via the device of automatic writing that were to form the bulk of the cult's religious belief system the teachings of the Guardians were Loosely linked to traditional Christian thought no wonder that one of the Guardians Ians Sanda eventually revealed himself as the current embodiment of Jesus the Transmissions from the Guardians always the subjects of much discussion and interpretation among the group gained new significance when they began to forell a great impending disaster a flood that would begin in the Western Hemisphere and eventually engulf world although the cultists were understandably alarmed at first further messages assured them that they and all those who believed in the lessons sent through Mrs ke would survive before the Calamity Spacemen were to arrive and carry off the Believers in flying saucers to a place of safety presumably on another planet very little detail was provided about the rescue except that the Believers were to make themselves ready for pickup by rehearsing certain passwords to be exchanged I left my hat at home what is your question I am my own Porter and by removing all metal from their clothes because the wearing or carrying of metal made saucer travel extremely dangerous as festinger rean and shakar observed the preparations during the weeks prior to the flood date they noted with special interest two significant aspects of the member's Behavior first the level of commitment to the Cults belief system was very high in anticipation of their departure from from doomed Earth irrevocable steps were taken by the group members most had incurred the opposition of family and friends to their beliefs but had persisted nonetheless in their convictions often when it meant losing the affections of these others in fact several of the members were threatened by neighbors or family with legal actions designed to have them declared insane in Dr Armstrong's case a motion was filed by his sister to have his two younger children taken away many Believers quit their jobs or neglected their studies to devote full time to the movement some even gave or threw away their personal belongings expecting them shortly to be of no use these were people whose certainty that they had the truth allowed them to withstand enormous social economic and legal pressures and whose commitment to their Dogma grew as each pressure was resisted the second significant aspect of the believer's pre- flood actions was a curious form of inaction for individuals so clearly convinced of the validity of their Creed they did surprisingly little to spread the word although they did initially make public the news of the coming disaster there was no attempt to seek converts to proelite actively they were willing to sound the alarm and to counsel those who voluntarily responded to it but that was all the group's distaste for recruitment efforts was evident in various ways besides the lack of personal persuasion attempts secrecy was maintained in many matters extra copies of the lessons were burned passwords and secret signs were instituted the contents of certain private tape recordings were not to be discussed with Outsiders so secret were the tapes that even longtime Believers were prohibited from taking notes of them publicity was avoided as the day of disaster approached increasing numbers of newspaper television and radio report converged on the group's headquarters in the KE house for the most part those people were turned away or ignored the most frequent answer to their questions was no comment although discouraged for a Time the media Representatives returned with a Vengeance when Dr Armstrong's religious activities caused him to be fired from his post on the college Health Service staff one especially persistent newsman had to be threatened with a lawsuit a similar Siege was repelled on the eve of the flood when a swarm of reporters pushed and pestered the Believers for information afterward the researchers summarized the group's pre- flood stance on public exposure and recruitment in respectful tones exposed to a tremendous burst of publicity they had made every attempt to dodge Fame given dozens of opportunities to proelite they had remained evasive and secretive and behaved with an almost Superior indifference eventually when all the reporters and wouldbe converts had been cleared from the house the Believers began making their final preparations for the arrival of the spaceship scheduled for midnight that night the scene as viewed by festinger rein and shakar must have seemed like absurdest theater otherwise Ordinary People Housewives college students a high school boy a publisher an MD a hardware store clerk and his mother were were participating earnestly in tragic comedy they took direction from a pair of members who were periodically in touch with the Guardians Mary and K's written messages from Sanda were being supplemented that evening by the Bera a former mutian through whose tongue the Creator gave instruction they rehearsed their lines diligently calling out in chorus the responses to be made before entering the rescue saucer I am my own Porter I am my own pointer they discussed seriously whether the message from a caller identifying himself as Captain Video a TV space character of the time was properly interpreted as a prank or a coded communication from their Rescuers and they performed in costume in keeping with the admonition to carry nothing metallic aboard the saucer the Believers wore clothing that had been cut open to allow the metal pieces to be torn out the metal eyelets in their shoes had been ripped away the women were braless or wore bers whose metal stays had been removed the men had yanked the zippers out of their pants which were supported by lengths of rope in place of belts the group's fanaticism concerning the removal of all metal was vividly experienced by one of the researchers who remarked 25 minutes before midnight that he had forgotten to extract the zipper from his trousers as The Observers tell it this knowledge produced a near Panic reaction he was rushed into the bedroom where Dr Armstrong his hands trembling and his eyes darting to the clock every few seconds slashed out the zipper with a razor blade and wrenched its clasps free with wire cutters the hurried operation finished the researcher was returned to the living room a slightly less metallic but one supposes much paler man as the time appointed for their departure grew very close the Believers settled into a lull of soundless anticipation with trained scientists on site we are afforded a detailed account of the events that transpired during this momentous period in the life of the group the last 10 minutes were tense ones for the group in the living room they had nothing to do but sit and wait their coats in their laps in the tense silence two clocks ticked loudly one about 10 minutes faster than the other when the faster of the two pointed to 125 one of The Observers remarked aloud on the fact A Chorus of people replied that midnight had not yet come Bob Eastman affirmed that the slower clock was correct he had said it himself only that afternoon it showed only 4 minutes before midnight these four minutes passed in complete silence except for a single utterance when the slower clock on the mantle showed only 1 minute remaining before the guide to the saucer was due Maran exclaimed in a strained high-pitched voice and not a plan has gone astray the clock chimed 12 each stroke painfully clear in the expectant hush the Believers sat motionless one might have expected some visible reaction midnight had passed and nothing had happened the cataclysm itself was less than 7 hours away but there was little to see in the reactions of the people in that room there was no talking no sound people sat stock still their faces seemingly Frozen and expressionless Mark post was the only person who even moved he laay down on the sofa and closed his eyes but did not sleep later when spoken to he answered monosyllabically but otherwise lay immobile the others showed nothing on the surface although it became clear later that they had been hit hard gradually painfully an atmosphere of Despair and confusion settled over the group they reexamined the prediction and the accompanying messages Dr Armstrong and Mrs ke reiterated their faith the Believers mowed over their predicament and discarded explanation after explanation as unsatisfactory at one point toward 4:00 a.m. Mrs ke broke down and cried bitterly she knew she sobbed that there were some who were beginning to doubt but that the group must beam light to those who needed it most and that the group must hold together the rest of the Believers were losing their composure too they were all visibly shaken and many were close to tears it was now almost 4:30 a.m. and still no way of handling the disconfirmation had been found by now too most of the group were talking openly about the failure of the escort to come at midnight the group seemed near dissolution in the midst of this Gathering doubt as cracks craw called through the Believers confidence the researchers witnessed a pair of remarkable incidents one after another the first occurred at about 4:45 a.m. when Maran K's hand suddenly leapt to the task of transcribing through automatic writing the text of a holy message from above when read aloud the communication proved to be an elegant explanation for the events of that night the little group sitting alone all night long had spread so much light that God had saved the world from destruction although need in efficient this explanation was not wholly satisfying by itself for example after hearing it one member simply Rose put on his hat and coat and left something additional was needed to restore the Believers to their previous levels of faith it was at this point that the second notable incident occurred to meet that need once again the words of those who were present offer a vivid description the atmosphere in the group changed abruptly and so did their behavior within minutes after she had read the message explaining the disconfirmation Mrs kech received another message instructing her to publicize the explanation she reached for the telephone and began dialing the number of a newspaper while she was waiting to be connected someone asked Marian is this the first time you have called the newspaper yourself her reply was immediate oh yes this is the first time I have ever called them I have never had anything to tell them before but now I feel it is urgent the whole group could have echoed her feelings for they all felt a sense urgency as soon as Marian had finished her call the other members took turns telephoning newspapers wire Services radio stations and National magazines to spread the explanation of the failure of flood in their desire to spread the word quickly and resoundingly the Believers now opened for public attention matters that had been thus far utterly secret were only hours earlier they had shunned newspaper reporters and felt that the attention they were getting in the Press was painful they now became Avid Seekers for publicity not only had the long-standing policies concerning secrecy and publicity done in about face so too had the group's attitude toward potential converts whereas likely recruits who previously visited the house had been mostly ignored turned away or treated with casual attention the day following the disconfirmation saw a different story all callers were admitted all questions were answered attempts were made to prite all such visitors the memb unprecedented willingness to accommodate possible new recruits was perhaps best demonstrated when nine high school students arrived on the following night to speak with Mrs kech they found her at the telephone deep in a discussion of flying saucers with the caller whom it later turned out she believed to be a space man eager to continue talking to him and at the same time anxious to keep her new guests Maran simply included them in the conversation and for more than an hour chatted alternately with her guests in the living room and the spaceman on the other end of the telephone so intent was she on prelighting that she seemed unable to let any opportunity go by to what can we attribute the believer's radical turnabout in the space of a few hours they went from clannish and taciturn hoarders of the word to expansive and eager disseminators of it and what could have possessed them to choose such an ill-timed instant when the failure of the flood was likely to cause non-believers to view the group and its Dogma as laughable The crucial event occurred sometime during the night of the flood when it became increasingly clear that the prophecy would not be fulfilled oddly it was not their prior certainty that drove the members to propagate the faith it was an encroaching sense of uncertainty it was the dawning realization that if the spaceship and flood predictions were wrong so might be the entire belief system on which they rested for those huddled in the KE living room that growing possibility must have seemed hideous the group members had gone too far given up too much for their beliefs to see them destroyed the shame the economic cost the mockery would be too great to Bear the overarching need of the cultists to cling to those beliefs seeps poignantly from their own words from a young woman with a three-year-old child I have to believe the flood is coming on the 21st because I've spent all my money I quit my job I quit computer school I have to believe and from Dr Armstrong to one of the researchers 4 hours after the fa failure of the saucermen to arrive I've had to go a long way I've given up just about everything I've cut every tie I've burned every bridge I've turned my back on the world I can't afford to doubt I have to believe and there isn't any other truth imagine the corner in which Dr Armstrong and his followers found themselves as morning approached so massive was the commitment to their beliefs that no other truth was to able yet that set of beliefs had just taken a merciless pounding from physical reality no saucer had landed no Spacemen had knocked no flood had come nothing had happened as prophesied since the only acceptable form of Truth had been undercut by physical proof there was but one way out of the corner for the group they had to establish another type of proof for the validity of their beliefs social proof this then explains their sudden shift from secretive conspirators to zealous missionaries and it explains the Curious timing of the shift precisely when a direct disconfirmation of their beliefs had rendered them least convincing to Outsiders it was necessary to risk the scorn and derision of the non-believers because publicity and recruitment efforts provided the only remaining hope if they could spread the word if they could inform the uninformed if they could persuade the Skeptics and if by so doing they could win new converts their threatened but treasured beliefs would become truer the principle of social proof says so the greater the number of people who find any idea correct the more the idea will be correct the group's assignment was clear since the physical evidence could not be changed the social evidence had to be convince and ye shall be convinced cause of death uncertainty all the weapons of influence discussed in this book work better under some conditions than under others if we are to defend ourselves adequately against any such weapon it is vital that we know its optimal operating conditions in order to recognize when we are most vulnerable to its influence in the case of the principle of social proof we have already had a hint of one time when it works best among the Chicago Believers it was a sense of shaken confidence that triggered their craving for converts in general when we are unsure of ourselves when the situation is unclear or ambiguous when uncertainty Reigns we are most likely to look to and accept the actions of others as correct in the process of examining the reactions of other people to resolve our uncertainty however we are likely to overlook a subtle but important fact those people are probably examining the social evidence too especially in an ambiguous situation the tendency for everyone to be looking to see what everyone else is doing can lead to a fascinating phenomenon called pluralistic ignorance a thorough understanding of the pluralistic ignorance phenomenon helps immeasurably to explain a regular occurrence in our country that has been termed both a riddle and a National Disgrace the failure of entire groups of bystanders to Aid victims in agonizing need of help the classic example of such bystander in action and the one that has produced the most debate in journalistic political and scientific circles began as an ordinary homicide case in the burrow of Queens in New York City a woman in her late 20s Katherine genovesi was killed in a late night attack on her home street as she returned from work murder is never an act to be passed off lightly but in a city the size and tenor of New York the geneves incident warranted no more space than a fraction of a column in the New York Times Katherine gen's story would have died with her on that day in March 1964 if it hadn't been for a mistake the Metropolitan editor of the times am Rosenthal happened to be having lunch with the city police commissioner a week later Rosenthal asked the commissioner about a different different Queen based homicide and the commissioner thinking he was being questioned about the geneves case revealed something staggering that had been uncovered by the police investigation it was something that left everyone who heard it the commissioner included a gast and grasping for explanations Katherine genoves had not experienced a quick muffled death it had been a long loud tortured public event her as salent had chased and attacked her in the street three times over a period of 35 minutes before his knife finally silenced her cries for help incredibly 38 of her neighbors watched the events of her death unfold from the safety of their apartment Windows without so much as lifting a finger to call the police Rosenthal a former Pulitzer prize-winning reporter knew a story when he heard one on the day of his lunch with the commissioner he assigned a reporter to investigate the bystander angle of the G AA incident within a week the times published a long page one article that was to create a swirl of controversy and speculation the first few paragraphs of that report provide the tone and focus of the burgeoning story for more than half an hour 38 respectable law-abiding citizens and queens watched a killer stalk and stab a woman in three separate attacks in Q Gardens twice the sound of their their voices and the sudden glow of their bedroom lights interrupted him and frightened him off each time he returned sought her out and stabbed her again not one person telephoned the police during the assault one witness called after the woman was dead that was two weeks ago today but assistant Chief Inspector Frederick M Lucen in charge of the buroughs detectives and a veteran of 25 years of homicide investigations is still shocked he can give a matter of fact recitation of many murders but the Q Garden slaying baffles him not because it is a murder but because good people failed to call police as with assistant Chief Inspector Lucen shock and bafflement were the standard reactions of almost everyone who learned the stories details the shock struck first leaving the police the news people and the reading public stunned the bafflement followed quick L how could 38 good people fail to act under those circumstances no one could understand it even the murder Witnesses themselves were bewildered I don't know they answered one after another I just don't know a few offered weak reasons for their inaction for example two or three people explained that they were afraid or did not want to get involved but these reasons do not stand up to close scrutiny a simple Anonymous call call to the police could have saved Katherine genes without threatening the witness's future safety or free time no it wasn't the Observer fear or reluctance to complicate their lives that explained their lack of action something else was going on there that even they could not fathom confusion though does not make for good news copy so the press as well as the other media several papers TV stations and magazines were pursuing follow-up stories by now and emphasized the only explanation available at the time the witnesses no different from the rest of us hadn't cared enough to get involved we were becoming a nation of selfish insensitive people the rigors of modern life especially City Life were hardening us we were becoming the cold Society unfeeling and indifferent to the plight of our fellow citizens in support of this interpretation new stories began appearing regularly in which various kinds of public apathy were detailed the times actually appears to have developed an apathy beat for a period following the geneves revelations also supporting such an interpretation were the remarks of a range of armchair social commentators Who as a breed seem never to admit to bafflement when speaking to the Press they too saw the jasic case as having large scale social significance all used the word apathy which it is interesting to note had been in the headline of the Times front page story although they accounted for the apathy differently one attributed it to the effects of TV violence another to repressed aggressiveness but most implicated the depersonalization of urban life with its megalopolitan societies and its alienation of the individual from the group even Rosenthal the newsman who first broke the story and who ultimately made it the subject of a book subscribed to the city caused apathy Theory nobody can say why the 38 did not lift the phone while miss chines was being attacked since they cannot say themselves it can be assumed however that their apathy was indeed one of the big city variety it is almost a matter of psychological survival if one is surrounded and pressed by millions of people to prevent them from constantly impinging on you and the only way to do this is to IGN ignore them as often as possible indifference to one's neighbor and his troubles is a conditioned reflex in life in New York as it is in other cities as the geneves story grew aside from rosenthal's book it became the focus of numerous newspaper and magazine pieces several television news documentaries and an off- Broadway play it attracted the professional attention of a pair of new york-based psychology professors bib Laton and John Darley they examined the reports of the geneves incident and on the basis of their knowledge of social psychology hit on what had seemed the most unlikely explanation of all it was that 38 Witnesses were present previous accounts of the story had invariably emphasized that no action was taken even though 38 individuals had looked on latane and Dary suggested that no one had helped precisely because there were so many observers the psychologists speculated that for at least two reasons a bystander to an emergency would be unlikely to help when there were a number of other bystanders present the first reason is fairly straightforward with several potential helpers around the personal responsibility of each individual is reduced perhaps someone else will give or call for Aid perhaps someone else already has so with everyone thinking that someone else will help or has called no one does the second reason is the more psychologically intriguing one it is founded on the principle of social proof and involves the pluralistic ignorance effect very often an emergency is not obviously an emergency is the man lying in the alley a heart attack victim or a drunk sleeping one off are the sharp sounds from the street gunshots or truck backfires is the commotion next door an assault requiring the police or an especially loud marital spat where intervention would be inappropriate and unwelcome what is going on in times of such uncertainty the natural tendency is to look around at the actions of others for Clues we can learn from the way the other Witnesses are reacting whether the event is or is not an emergency what is easy to forget though is that everybody else observing the event is likely to be looking for social evidence too and because we all prefer to appear poised and unflustered among others we are likely to search for that evidence placidly with brief camouflaged glances at those around us therefore everyone is likely to see everyone else looking unruffled and failing to act as a result and by the principles of social proof the event will be roundly interpreted as a non-emergency this according to Latin and darly is the state of pluralistic ignorance in which each person decides that since nobody is concerned nothing is wrong meanwhile the danger may be mounting to the point where a single individual uninfluenced by the seeming calm of others would react the fascinating upshot of latan and dar's reasoning is that for the Emergency victim the idea of safety and numbers May often be completely wrong it might be that someone in need of emergency aid would have a better chance of survival if a single bystander rather than a crowd was present to test this unusual thesis darlay Lan their students and colleagues performed a systematic and impressive program of research that produced a clear set of findings their basic procedure was to Stage emergency events that were observed either by a single individual or by a group of people they then recorded the number of times the emergency victim received help under those circumstances in their first experiment a New York College student who appear to be having an epileptic seizure received help 85% of the time when there was a single bystander present but only 31% of the time with five bystanders present with almost all the single bystanders helping it becomes difficult to argue that ours is the cold Society where no one cares for suffering others obviously it was something about the presence of other bystanders that reduced helping to shameful levels other Studies have examined the importance of social proof in causing widespread witness apathy they have done so by planting within a group of witnesses to a possible emergency people who are rehearsed to act as if no emergency were occurring for instance in another new york-based experiment 75% of Lone individuals who observed smoke seeping from under a door reported the leak however when similar leaks were observed by three person groups the smoke was reported only 38% of the time the smallest number of bystanders took action though when the three-person groups included two individuals who had been Co to ignore the smoke under those conditions the leaks were reported only 10% of the time in a similar study conducted in Toronto single bystanders provided emergency aid 90% of the time whereas such Aid occurred in only 16% of the cases when a bystander was in the presence of two other bystanders who remained passive after more than a decade of such research social scientists now have a good idea of when a bystander will offer emergency aid first and contrary to the view that we have become a society of callous uncaring people once Witnesses are convinced that an emergency situation exists Aid is very likely under these conditions the numbers of bystanders who either intervene themselves or summon help is quite comforting for example in four separate experiments done in Florida accident scenes involving a maintenance man were staged when it was clear that the man was heard and required assistance he was helped 100% of the time in two of the experiments in the other two experiments were helping involved contact with potentially dangerous electrical wires the victim still received bystander Aid in 90% of the instances in addition these extremely high levels of assistance occurred whether the witnesses observed the events singly or in groups the situation becomes very different when as in many cases bystanders cannot be sure that the event they are witnessing is an emergency then a victim is much more likely to be helped by a lone bystander than by a group especially if the people in the group are strangers to one another it seems that the pluralistic ignorance effect is strongest among strangers because we like to look poised and sophisticated in public and because we are unfamiliar with the reactions of those we do not know we are unlikely to give off or correctly read expressions of concern when in a grouping of strangers therefore a ible emergency becomes viewed as a non-emergency and the victim suffers a close look at this set of research findings reveals an enlightening pattern all the conditions that decrease an emergency victims chances for bystander Aid exist normally and innocently in the city one in contrast to rural areas cities are more clamorous distracting rapidly changing places where it is difficult to be certain of the nature of the events one encounters TWO Urban environment are more populous by their nature consequently people are more likely to be with others when witnessing a potential emergency situation three City dwellers know a much smaller percentage of fellow residents than do people who live in small towns therefore City dwellers are more likely to find themselves in a group of strangers when observing an emergency these three natural characteristics of urban environments their confusion their populousness and their low levels of acquaintanceship fit in very well with a fact factors shown by research to decrease bystander Aid without ever having to resort to such Sinister Concepts as Urban depersonalization and megalopolitan alienation then we can explain why so many instances of bystander inaction occurs in our cities devic imizing yourself but explaining the dangers of Modern urban life in less ominous terms does not dispel them and as the world's populations move increasing to the cities half of all Humanity will be City dwellers within 10 years there will be a growing need to reduce those dangers fortunately our Newfound understanding of the bystander apathy process offers real hope armed with this scientific knowledge an emergency victim can increase enormously the chances of receiving aid from others the key is the realization that groups of bystanders fail to help because the bystanders are unsure rather than unkind they don't help because they are unsure of whether an emergency actually exists and whether they are responsible for taking action when they are sure of their responsibilities for intervening in a clear emergency people are exceedingly responsive once it is understood that the enemy is not some unmanageable societal condition like Urban depersonalization but is instead the simple state of uncertainty it becomes possible for emergency victims to take specific steps to protect themselves by reducing the bystanders uncertainty imagine for example you are spending a summer afternoon at a music concert in the park as the concert ends and people begin leaving you notice a slight numbness in one arm but dismiss it as nothing to be alarmed about yet while moving with the crowd to the distant parking areas you feel the numbness spreading down to your hand and up one side of your face feeling disoriented you decide to sit against a tree for a moment to rest soon you realize that something is drastically wrong sitting down has not helped in fact the control and coordination of your muscles has worsened to the point that you are starting to have difficulty moving your mouth and tongue to speak you try to get up but can't a terrifying thought slashes to mind oh God I'm having a stroke groups of people are passing by and most are paying you attention the few who notice the odd Way You Are slumped against the tree or the strange look on your face check the social evidence around them and seeing that no one else is reacting with concern walk on past convinced that nothing is wrong were you to find yourself in such a predicament what could you do to overcome the odds against receiving help because your physical abilities would be deteriorating time would be crucial if before you could summon Aid you lost your speech or Mobility or consciousness your chances for assistance and for Recovery would plunge drastically it would be essential to try to request help quickly but what would the most effective form of that request be moans groans or outcries probably would not do they might bring you some attention but they would not provide enough information to assure passers by that a true emergency existed if mere outcries are unlikely to produce help from the passing crowd perhaps you should be more specific indeed you need to do more than try to gain attention you should call out clearly your need for assistance you must not allow bystanders to Define your situation as a non-emergency use the word help to cry out your need for emergency aid and don't worry about being wrong embarrassment is a villain to be crushed here in the context of a possible stroke you cannot afford to be worried about the awkwardness of overestimating your problem the difference in cost is that between a moment of embarrassment and possible death or lifelong paralysis but even a resounding call for help is not your most effective tactic although it may reduce bystanders doubts about whether a real emergency exists it will not remove several other important uncertainties within each onlooker mind what kind of Aid is required here should I be the one to provide the aid or should someone more qualified do it has someone else already gone to get professional help or is it my responsibility while the bystander stand gawking at you and grappling with these questions time vital to your survival could be slipping away clearly then as a victim you must do more than alert bystanders to your need for emergency assistance you must also remove their uncertainties about how that assistance should be provided and who should provide it but what would be the most efficient and reliable way to do so based on the research findings we have seen my advice would be to isolate one individual from the crowd stare speak and point directly at that person and no one else you sir in the blue jacket I need help call an ambulance with that one utterance you should dispel all the uncertainties that might prevent or delay help with that one statement you will have put the man in the blue jacket in the role of rescuer he should Now understand that emergency aid is needed he should understand that he not someone else is responsible for providing the aid and finally should understand exactly how to provide it all the scientific evidence indicates that the result should be quick effective assistance in general then your best strategy when in need of emergency help is to reduce the uncertainties of those around you concerning your condition and responsibilities be as precise as possible about your need for Aid do not allow bystanders to come to their own conclusions because especially in a crowd the principle of social proof and the consequence pluralistic ignorance effect might well cause them to view your situation as a non-emergency and request assistance of a single individual from the group of onlookers fight the natural tendency to make a general request for help pick out one person and assign the task to that individual otherwise it is too easy for everyone in the crowd to assume that someone else should help will help or has helped of all the techniques in this book designed to produce compliance with a request this one may be the most important to remember after all the failure of your request for emergency aid could have severe personal consequences not long ago I received some firsthand evidence on this point I was involved in a rather serious automobile Collision both I and the other driver were plainly hurt he was slumped unconscious over his steering wheel while I managed to stagger bloody from behind mine the accident had occurred in the center of an intersection in full View of several individuals stopped in their cars at the traffic light as I knelt in the road beside my door trying to clear my head the light changed and the waiting cars began to roll slowly through the intersection their drivers gawked but did not stop I remember thinking oh no it's happening just like the research says they're all passing by I consider it fortunate that as a social psychologist I knew enough about the bystander studies to have that particular thought by thinking of my my predicament in terms of the research findings I knew exactly what to do pulling myself up so I could be seen clearly I pointed at the driver of one car call the police to a second and a third driver pointing directly each time pull over we need help the responses of these people were instantaneous they summoned a police car and ambulance immediately they used their handkerchiefs to blot the blood from my face they put a jacket under my head they volunteered to serve as witnesses to the accident one even offered to ride with me to the hospital Hospital Not only was this help rapid and solicitous it was infectious after drivers entering the intersection from the other direction saw cars stopping for me they stopped and began tending to the other victim the principle of social proof was working for us now the trick had been to get the ball rolling in the direction of Aid once that was accomplished I was able to relax and let the bystanders genuine concern and social proofs natural momentum do the rest monkey me monkey do a bit earlier we stated that the principle of social proof like all other weapons of influence works better under some conditions than under others we have already explored one of those conditions uncertainty without question when people are uncertain they are more likely to use others actions to decide how they themselves should act but in addition there is another important working condition similar ity the principle of social proof operates most powerfully when we are observing the behavior of people just like us it is the conduct of such people that gives us the greatest insight into what constitutes correct behavior for ourselves therefore we are more inclined to follow the lead of a similar individual than a dissimilar one that is why I believe we are seeing an increasing number of average person on the street testimonials on TV these days advertisers now know that one successful way to sell a product to ordinary viewers who compose the largest potential Market is to demonstrate that other ordinary people like and use it so whether the product is a brand of soft drink or pain reliever or laundry detergent we hear volleys of Praise from John or Mary every person more compelling evidence for the importance of similarity and determining whether we will imitate another's Behavior comes from scientific research an especially apt illustr can be found in a study done several years ago by Columbia University psychologists the researchers placed Wallets on the ground in various locations around Midtown Manhattan to observe what would happen when they were found the wallets all contained $2 in cash a $26.30 check and various information providing the name and address of the wallet's owner in addition to this material the wallet also contained a letter that made it evident that the wallet had been lost not one once but twice the letter was written to the wallet's owner from a man who had found it earlier and whose intention was to it the finder indicated in his letter that he was happy to help and that the chance to be of service in this way had made him feel good it was evident to anyone who found one of these wallets that this well-intentioned individual had then lost the wallet himself on the way to the mailbox the wallet was wrapped in an envelope addressed to the owner the researchers wanted to know how many people finding such a wallet would follow the lead of the first finder and mail it intact to the original owner before they dropped the wallets however the researchers varied one feature of the letter it contained some of the letters were written in standard English by what seemed to be an average American while the other letters were written in broken English by the first finder who identified himself as a recently arrived Foreigner in other words the person who had initially found the wallet and had tried to return it was depicted by the letter as being either similar or dissimilar to most Americans the interesting question was whether the manhattanites who found the wallet and letter would be more influenced to mail the wallet if the first man who had tried to do so was similar to them the answer was plain only 33% of the wallets were returned when the first finder was seen as dissimilar but fully 70% were returned when he was thought to be a similar these results suggest an important qualification of the principle of social proof we will use the actions of others to decide on proper behavior for ourselves especially when we view those others as similar to ourselves this tendency applies not only to adults but to children as well health researchers have found for example that a school-based anti-smoking program had lasting effects only when it used same age peer leaders as teachers another study found that children who saw a film depicting a child's positive visit to the dentist lowered their own Dental anxieties principally when they were the same age as the child in the film I wish I had known about this second study when a few years before it was published I was trying to reduce a different kind of anxiety in my son Chris I live in Arizona where backyard swimming pools abound one regrettable consequence is that every year several young children drown after falling into an unattended pool I was determined therefore to teach Chris how to swim at an early age the problem was not that he was afraid of the water he loved it but he would not get into the pool without wearing his inflatable plastic inner tube no matter how I tried to coax talk or shame him out of it after getting nowhere for two months I hired some help a graduate student of mine a big strapping former lifeguard who had once worked as a swimming instructor he failed as totally as I had he couldn't persuade Chris to attempt even a stroke outside of his plastic ring around this time Chris was attending a day camp that provided a number of activities to its members including use of a large pool which he scrupulously avoided one day shortly after the graduate student Fiasco I went to get Chris from Camp a bit early and with mouth a gape watched him run down the diving board and jump into the middle of the deepest part of the pool panicking I began pulling off my shoes to jump into his rescue and I saw him Bob to the surface and paddle safely to the side of the pool where I dashed shoes in hand to meet him Chris you can swim I said excitedly you can swim yes he responded casually I learned how today this is terrific this is just terrific I burbled gesturing expansively to convey my enthusiasm but how come you didn't need your plastic ring today looking somewhat embarrassed because his father seemed to be raving while inexplicably soaking his socks in a small puddle and waving his shoes around Chris explained well I'm 3 years old and Tommy is 3 years old and Tommy can swim without a ring so that means I can too I could have kicked myself of course it would be to Little Tommy not to his 6'2 in graduate student that Chris would look for the most relevant information about what he could or should do had I been more thoughtful about solving Chris's swimming problem I could have employed Tommy's good example earlier and perhaps have saved myself a couple of frustrating months I could have simply noted at the day camp that Tommy was a swimmer and then arranged with his parents for the boys to spend a weekend afternoon swimming in our pool my guess is that Chris's plastic ring would have been abandoned by the end of the day any factor that can spur 70% of New Yorkers to return a wallet or can reduce the likelihood that kids will take up smoking or will fear a dentist visit must be considered impressive yet research findings of this sort offer just a hint of the immense impact that the conduct of similar others has on human behavior other more powerful examples exist to my mind the most telling illustration of this impact starts with a seemingly nonsensical statistic after a suicide has made Front Page News airplanes private planes corporate Jets airliners begin falling out of the sky at an alarming rate for example it has been shown that immediately following certain kinds of Highly publicized suicide Stories the number of people who die in commercial airline crashes increases by 1,000% even more alarming the increase is not limited to airplane deaths the number of automobile fatalities shoots up as well what could possibly be responsible one explanation suggests itself immediately the same social conditions that cause some people to commit suicide cause others to die accidentally for instance certain individuals the suicide prone May react to stressful societal events economic downturns Rising crime rates international tensions by ending it all but others will react differently to these same events they might become angry or impatient or nervous or distracted to the degree that such people operate or service the cars and planes of our society the vehicles will be less safe and consequently we will see a sharp increase in the number of automobile and air fatalities according to this social conditions interpretation then some of the same societal factors that cause intentional deaths also cause accidental ones and that is why we find so strong a connection between suicide stories and fatal crashes but another fascinating statistic indicates that this is not the correct explanation fatal crashes increase dramatically only in those regions where the suicide has been highly publicized other places existing under similar social conditions whose newspapers have not publicized the story have shown no comparable jump in such fatalities furthermore within those areas where newspaper space has been aot otted The Wider the publicity given the suicide the greater has been the rise in subsequent crashes thus it is not some set of common societal events that stimulates suicides on the one hand and fatal accidents on the other instead it is the publicized suicide story itself that produces the car in plane wrecks to explain the strong association between suicide story publicity and subsequent crashes a bereavement account has been suggested because it has been argued front- page suicides often involve well-known and respected public figures perhaps their highly publicized deaths throw many people into states of shocked sadness stunned and preoccupied these individuals become careless around cars planes the consequence is the sharp increase in deadly accidents involving such vehicles that we see after front page suicide stories although the bereavement Theory can account for the connection between the degree of publicity given a story and subsequent crash fatalities the more people who learn of the suicide the larger number of bereaved and careless individuals there will be it cannot explain yet another startling fact newspaper stories reporting on suicide victims who died alone produce an increase in the frequency of single fatality wrecks only where whereas stories reporting on suicide plus murder incidents produce an increase in multiple fatality wrecks only simple bereavement could not cause such a pattern the influence of suicide stories on car and plane crashes then is fantastically specific stories of pure suicides in which only one person dies generate wrecks in which only one person dies stories of suicide murder combinations in which there are multiple deaths generate wrecks in which there are multiple deaths if neither social conditions nor bereavement account for this bewildering array of facts what can there is a sociologist at the University of California at San Diego who thinks he has found the answer his name is David Phillips and he points a convincing finger at something called the vert effect the story of the verter effect is both chilling and intriguing more than two centuries ago the great man of German literature Johan VTA published a novel entitled deid de yungen veres the Sorrows of young verter the book in which the hero named verter commits suicide had a remarkable impact not only did it provide Gerta with immediate Fame but it also sparked a wave of emulative suicides across Europe so powerful was this effect that authorities in several countries banned the novel Professor Phillip's own work has traced the verter effect to Modern Times his research has demonstrated that immediately following a front page suicide Story the suicide rate increases dramatically in those geographical areas where the story has been highly publicized it is Philip's argument that certain troubled people who read of another's self-inflicted Death kill themselves and imitation in a morbid illustration of the principle of social proof these people decide how they should act on the basis of how some other troubled person acted Phillips got his evidence for the modern-day verter effect by examining the suicide statistics in the United States between 1947 and 1968 he found that within 2 months after every front- page suicide story an average of 58 more people than usual killed themselves in a sense each suicide story killed 58 people who otherwise would have gone on living Phillips also found that this tendency for suicides to beget suicides occurred principally in those parts of the country where the first suicide was highly publicized and that the wider the publicity given the first suicide the greater the number of later suicides if the facts surrounding the vert effect seem to you suspiciously like those surrounding the influence of suicide stories on air and traffic fatalities the similarities have not not been lost on Professor Phillips either in fact he contends that all the excess deaths following a front page suicide incident can be explained as the same thing copycat suicides upon learning of another suicide an uncomfortably large number of people decide that suicide is an appropriate action for themselves as well some of these individuals then proceed to commit the act in a straightforward no bones about it fashion causing the suicide rate to jump others however are Less Direct for any of several reasons to protect their reputations to spare their families the shame and hurt to allow their dependents to collect on insurance policies they do not want to appear to have killed themselves they would rather seem to have died accidentally so purposefully but furtively they cause the wreck of a car or a plane they are operating or are simply riding in this could be accomplished in a variety of all too familiar sounding ways a commercial airline pilot could dip the nose of the aircraft at a crucial point of takeoff or could inexplicably land on an already occupied Runway against instructions from the control tower the driver of a car could suddenly swerve into a tree or into oncoming traffic a passenger in an automobile or corporate jet could incapacitate the operator causing a deadly crash the pilot of a private plane could despite all radio warnings plow into another aircraft thus the alarming climb in Crash fatalities we find following front page suicides is according to Dr Phillips most likely due to the verter effect secretly applied I consider this Insight brilliant first it explains all the data beautifully if these wrecks really are hidden instances of imitative suicide it makes sense that we should see an increase in the wrecks after suicide stories appear and it makes sense that the greatest rise and wrecks should occur after the suicide stories that have been most widely publicized and have consequently reached the most people and it makes sense that the number of crashes should jump appreciably only in those geographical areas where the suicide stories were publicized and it even makes sense that single victim suicide should lead only to single victim crashes whereas multiple victim suicide incidents should lead only to multiple victim crashes imitation is the key but there is a second valuable feature of Philips Insight not only does it allow us to explain the existing facts it also allows us to predict new facts that had never been uncovered before for example if the abnormally frequent crashes following publicized suicides are genuinely due to imitative rather than accidental actions they should be more deadly as a result that is people trying to kill themselves will likely arrange with a foot on the accelerator instead of The Brak with a nose of the plane down instead of up for the impact to be as lethal as possible the consequence should be quick and sure death when Phillips examined the records to check on this prediction he found that the average number of people killed in a fatal crash of a commercial airliner is more than three times greater if the crash happened one week after a front page suicide story than if it happened one week before a similar phenomenon can be found in traffic statistics where there is evidence for the deadly efficiency of post suicide story auto crashes victims of fatal car wrecks that follow front- page suicide stories Die four times more quickly than normal programs was followed by an average increase of 35 suicides over what would have been expected in the next week what's more televised movies and public service programs on the topic even those designed to reduce the problem create an immediate cluster of self-inflicted deaths with impressionable imitation prone teenagers being the most frequent victims still another fascinating prediction flows from Philips idea if the increase in Rex following suicide stories truly represents a set of CopyCat deaths then the imitators should be most likely to copy the suicides of people who are similar to them the principle of social proof states that we use information about how others have behaved to help us determine proper conduct for ourselves but as the dropped wallet experiment showed we are most influenced in this fashion by the actions of others like us therefore Philips reasoned if the the principle of social proof is behind the phenomenon there should be some clear similarity between the victim of the highly publicized suicide and those who cause subsequent wrecks realizing that the clearest test of this possibility would come from the records of automobile crashes involving a single car and a lone driver Phillips compared the age of the suicide story victim with the ages of the lone drivers killed in single car crashes immediately after the story appeared in print once again the predictions were strikingly accurate when the newspaper detailed the suicide of a young person it was young drivers who then piled their cars into trees poles and embankments with fatal results but when the news story concerned an older person's suicide older drivers died in such crashes I advise then to take special Care on our travels at these times this last statistic is the crusher for me I am left wholly convinced and simultaneously wholly Amazed by it evidently the principle of social proof is so wide ranging and Powerful that its domain extends to the fundamental decision for life or death Professor Phillips findings have persuaded me of a distressing tendency for suicide publicity to motivate certain people who are similar to the victim to kill themselves because they now find the idea of suicide more legitimate truly frightening are the data indicating that many innocent people die in The Bargain a glance at the graphs documenting the undeniable increase in traffic and air fatalities following publicized suicides especially those involving murder is enough to cause concern for one's own safety I have been sufficiently affected by these statistics to begin to take note of front- page suicide stories and to change my behavior in the period after their appearance I try to be especially cautious behind the wheel of my car I am reluctant to take extended trips requiring a lot of air travel if I must fly during such a period I purchase substantially more flight Insurance than I normally would Dr Phillips has done us a service by demonstrating that the odds for survival when we traveled change measurably for a Time following the publication of certain kinds of front page suicide stories it would seem only prudent to play those odds as if the frightening features of Philips suicide data weren't enough his subsequent research brings more cause for alarm homicides in this country have a stimulated copycat character after highly publicized acts of violence heavyweight champion prize fights that receive coverage on network Evening News appear to produce measurable increases in the US homicide rate this analysis of heavyweight championship fights between 1973 and 1978 is perhaps most compelling in its demonstration of the remarkably specific nature of the imitative aggression that generated when such a match was lost by a black Fighter the homicide rate during the following 10 days Rose significantly for young black male victims but not young white males on the other hand when a white fighter lost a match it was young white men but not young black men who were killed more frequently in the next 10 days when these results are combined with the parallel findings in Philips suicide data it is clear that widely publicized aggression has the nasty tendency to spread to similar victims no matter whether the aggression is inflicted on the self or on another work like do Phillips's helps us appreciate the awesome influence of the behavior of similar others once the enormity of that force is recognized it becomes possible to understand perhaps the most spectacular Act of compliance of our time the mass suicide at Jonestown Guyana certain crucial features of that event deserve review The People's Temple was a cult-like organization that began in San Francisco and Drew its recruits from the poor of that City in 1977 the Reverend Jim Jones who was the group's Undisputed political social and spiritual leader moved the bulk of the membership with him to a jungle settlement in Guyana South America there the people's Temple existed in relative obscurity until November 18th 1978 when four men of a fact-f finding party led by Congressman Leo J Ryan were murdered as they tried to leave Jonestown by plane convinced that he would be arrested and implicated in the killings and that the demise of the people's Temple would result Jones sought to control the end of the temple in his own way he gathered the entire Community around him and issued a call for each person's death in a unified Act of self-destruction the first response was that of a young woman who calmly approached the now famous vat of strawberry flavored poison administered one dose to her baby one to herself and then sat down in a field where she and her child died in convulsions within 4 minutes others followed steadily in turn although a handful of Jonestown escaped rather than comply and a few others are reported to have resisted the survivors claimed that the great majority of the 910 people who died did so in an orderly willful fashion news of the event shocked us the broadcast media and the papers provided a barrage of reports updates and analyses for days a convers ations were full of the topic how many have they found dead now a guy who escaped says they were drinking the poison like they were hypnotized or something what were they doing down in South America anyway it's so hard to believe what caused it yes what caused it the critical question how are we to account for this most astounding of compliant acts various explanations have been offered some have focused on the Charisma of Jim Jones a man whose style allowed him to be loved like a savior trusted like a father and treated like an emperor other explanations have pointed to the kind of people who were attracted to the people's Temple they were mostly poor and uneducated individuals who were willing to give up their freedoms of thought and action for the safety of a place where all decisions would be made for them still other explanations have emphasized the Quasi religious nature of the people's temple in which unquestioned faith in the Cults leader was assigned highest priority no doubt each of these features of Jonestown has Merit in explaining what happened there but I do not find them sufficient after all the world abounds with Cults populated by dependent people who were led by a charismatic figure what's more there has never been a shortage of this combination of circumstances in the past yet virtually nowhere do we find evidence of an event even approximating the Jonestown incident among such groups there must be something else that critical one especially revealing question gives us a clue if the community had remained in San Francisco would Reverend Jim Jones's suicide command have been obeyed a highly speculative question to be sure but the expert most familiar with the people's Temple has no doubt about the answer Dr L julan West chairman of Psychiatry and biobehavioral Sciences at UCLA and director of its Neuropsychiatric unit is an authority on Colts who had observed the people's Temple for eight years prior to the Jonestown deaths when interviewed in the immediate aftermath he made what strikes me as an inordinately instructive statement this wouldn't have happened in California but they lived in total alienation from the rest of the world in a jungle situation in a hostile country although lost in the Welter of commentary following the tragedy Dr West's observation together with what we know about the principle of social proof seems to me quite important to a satisfactory understanding of the compliant suicides to my mind the single act in the history of the people's Temple that most contributed to the members mindless compliance that day occurred a year earlier with the relocation of the Temple to a jungled country of unfamiliar customs and strange people if we are to believe the stories of Jim Jones's malevolent genius he realized fully the massive psychological impact such a move would have on his followers all at once they found themselves in a place they knew nothing about South America and the rainforests of Guyana especially were unlike anything they had experienced in San Francisco the country both physical and social into which they were dropped must have seemed dreadfully uncertain ah uncertainty the right-hand man of the principle of social proof we have already seen that when people are uncertain they look to the actions of others to guide their own actions in the alien Guyanese environment then Temple members were very ready to follow the lead of others but as we have also seen it is others of a special kind whose Behavior would be most unquestionably followed similar others and therein lies the awful beauty of the Reverend Jim Jones's relocation strategy in a country like Guyana there were no similar others for a Jonestown resident but the people of Jonestown itself what was right for a member of the community was determined to a disproportionate degree by what other community members influenced heavily by Jones did and believed when viewed in this light the terrible orderliness the lack of panic the sense of calm with which these people moved to the vat of poison and to their deaths seems more comprehensible they hadn't been hypnotized by Jones they had been convinced partly by him but more important also by the principle of social proof that suicide was correct conduct the uncertainty they surely felt upon first hearing the death command must have caused them to look to those around them for a definition of the appropriate response it is particularly worth noting that they found two impressive pieces of social evidence each pointing in the direction the first was the initial set of their compatriots who quickly and willingly took the poison drafts there will always be a few such fanatically obedient individuals in any strong leader dominated group whether in this instance they had been specially instructed beforehand to serve as examples or whether they were just naturally the most compliant with Jones's wishes is difficult to know no matter the psychological effect of the actions of those individuals must have been potent if the suicides of similar others in news stories can influence total strangers to kill themselves imagine how enormously more compelling such an act would be when performed without hesitation by one's Neighbors in a place like Jonestown the second source of social evidence came from the reactions of the crowd itself given the conditions I suspect that what occurred was a large-scale instance of the pluralistic ignorance phenomenon that frequently infects onlookers at emergencies each Jones toer looked to the actions of surrounding individuals to assess the situation and finding seeming calm because everyone else was surreptitiously assessing rather than reacting learned that patient turn-taking was the correct Behavior such misinterpreted but nonetheless convincing social evidence would be expected to result precisely in the ghastly composure of the assemblage that waited in the Tropics of Guyana for businesslike death from my own perspective most attempts to analyze the Jonestown incident have focused too much on the personal qualities of Jim Jones although he was without question a man of rare dynamism the power he wielded strikes me as coming less from his remarkable personal style than from his understanding of fundamental psychological principles His Real Genius as a leader was his realization of the limitations of individual leadership no leader can hope to persuade regularly and single-handedly all the members of the group a forceful leader can reasonably expect ever to persuade some sizable proportion of group members then the raw information that a substantial number of group members has been convinced can by itself convince rest thus the most influential leaders are those who know how to arrange group conditions to allow the principle of social proof to work maximally in their favor it is in this that Jones appears to have been inspired his master stroke was the decision to move the people's Temple Community from its roots in urban San Francisco to the remoteness of Equatorial South America where the conditions of uncertainty and exclusive similarity would make the principle of social proof operate for him as perhaps nowhere else there a settlement of a thousand people much too large to be held in persistent sway by the force of one man's personality could be changed from a following into a herd as slaughterhouse operators have long known the mentality of a herd makes it easy to manage simply gets some members moving in the desired Direction and The Others responding not so much to the lead animal as to those immediately surrounding them will peacefully and mechanically go along the powers of the amazing Reverend Jim Jones then are probably best understood not in terms of his dramatic personal style but in his profound knowledge of the art of social jiu-jitsu no this chapter began with an account of the relatively harmless practice of laugh tracking and has moved on to stories of murder and suicide all explained by the principle of social proof how can we expect to defend ourselves against a weapon of influence that pervades such a vast range of behavior the difficulty is compounded by the realization that most of the time we don't want to guard against the information that social proof provides the evidence it offers about how we should Act is usually valid and valuable with it we can Cruise confidently through a myriad of decisions without personally having to investigate the detailed pros and cons of each in this sense the principle of social proof equips us with a wonderful kind of automatic pilot device not unlike that aboard most aircraft yet there are occasional but real problems with automatic Pilots these problems appear whenever the flight information locked into the control mechanism is wrong in these instances we will be taken off course depending on the size of the error the consequences can be severe but because the automatic pilot afforded by the principle of social proof is more often an ally than an enemy we can't be expected to want simply to disconnected thus we are faced with a classic problem how to make use of a piece of equipment that simultaneously benefits and imperils our welfare fortunately there is a way out Dilemma because the disadvantages of automatic Pilots arise principally when incorrect data have been put into the control system our best offense against these disadvantages is to recognize when the data are in error if we can become sensitive to situations where the social proof automatic pilot is working with inaccurate information we can disengage the mechanism and grasp the controls when we need to there are two types of situation in which incorrect data cause the principle of social proof to give us poor counsel the first occurs when the social evidence has been purposely falsified invariably these situations are manufactured by explo exp loers intent on creating the impression reality be damned that a multitude is performing the way the exploiters want us to perform the canned laughter of TV comedy shows which we have already discussed is one variety of faked data of this sort but there is a great deal more and much of the fakery is strikingly obvious for instance canned responses are not unique to the electronic media or even to the electronic age in fact the heavy-handed exploitation of the principle of social proof can be traced through the history of one of our most venerable art forms grand opera this is the phenomenon called clacking said to have been begun in 1820 by a pair of Paris opera house abitu named saon and porer the men were more than Opera goers though they were businessmen whose product was Applause organizing under the title L de Su dramati they leased themselves and their employees to singers and Opera managers who wish to be assured of an appreciative audience response so effective were they in stimulating genuine audience reaction with their rigged reactions that before long Clacks usually consisting of a leader Chef de clack and several individual clur had become an established and persistent tradition throughout the world of Opera as music historian Robert sein notes by 1830 the Clack was a full bloom institution collecting by day applauding by night all in the honest open but it is altogether probable that neither saton nor his ally porcher had a notion of the extent to which their scheme of paid Applause would be adopted and applied wherever Opera is sung as clacken grew and developed its spr partitioners offered an array of styles and strengths in the same way that laugh track producers can hire individuals who excel in titters Chuckles or belly laughs the Clacks spawned their own Specialists the plur chosen for their ability to weep on Q the bisser who called B repeat and Encore in ecstatic tones and in direct kinship with today's laugh track performer the rier selected for the Infectious quality of his laugh for our purposes though the most instructive parallel to Modern forms of canned response is the conspicuous character of the fakery no special need was seen to disguise or vary the Clack who often sat in the same seats performance after performance year after year led by a shifted clack two decades into his position even the monetary transactions were not hidden from the public indeed 100 years after the birth of clacking a reader of the London musical times could scan the advertised rates of the Italian clur whether in the world of Rigoletto or Gilligan's Island then audiences have been successfully manipulated by those who use social evidence even when that evidence has been openly falsified advertised rates of the Italian clack for Applause on entrance if a gentleman 25 L for Applause on entrance if a lady 15 L ordinary Applause during performance each 10 L insistent Applause during performance each 15 L still more insistent Applause L for interruptions with Ben or Bravo 5 L for a b at any cost 50 L wild enthusiasm a special sum to be arranged from ordinary Applause to Wild enthusiasm cers offered their services in an audition iously public fashion in this case in a newspaper read by many of the audience members they fully expected influence clck were what saton and porer realized about the mechanical way that we abide by the principle of social proof is understood as well by a variety of today's exploiters they see no need to hide the manufactured nature of the social evidence they provide witness the amateurish quality of the average TV laugh track they seem almost smug in the recognition of our predicament either we must allow them to fool us or we must abandon the precious automatic Pilots that make us so vulnerable to their tricks but in their certainty that they have us trapped such exploiters have made a crucial mistake the laxity with which they construct phony social evidence gives us a way to fight back because automatic Pilots can be engaged and disengaged at will we can Cruise along trusting in the course steered by the principle of social proof until we recognize that a piece of inaccurate data is being used then we can take the controls make the necessary correction for the misinformation and reset the automatic pilot the transparency of the rigged social proof we get these days provides us with exactly the cue we need for knowing when to perform this simple maneuver with no more cost than a bit of vigilance for plainly counterfeit social evidence then we can protect ourselves nicely let's take an example a bit earlier we noted the proliferation of average person on the street ads in which a number of ordinary people speak glowingly of a product often without knowing that their words are being recorded as would be expected according to the principle of social proof these testimonials from average people like you and me make for quite effective advertising campaigns they have all always included one relatively subtle kind of distortion we hear only from those who like the product as a result we get an understandably biased picture of the amount of social support for it more recently though a cruder and more unethical sort of falsification has been introduced commercial producers often don't bother to get genuine testimonials they merely hire actors to play the roles of average people testifying in an unrehearsed fashion to an interviewer it is amazing how bald-faced these unrehearsed interview commercials can be the situations are obviously staged the participants are clearly actors and the dialogue is unmistakably pre-written recently I was watching TV and a commercial came on and the announcer in a tone of voice usually reserved for major developments in the Persian Gulf said now consumers can ask Angela Lansbury their questions about bufferin as a normal human the natural reaction to this announcement is huh meaning what does Angela Lansbury have to do with bufferin but this commercial featured several consumers who had apparently been stopped at random on the street and every one of them had a question for Angela Lansbury about buffer basically what they asked was Miss Lansbury is bufferin a good product that I should purchase or what these consumers seemed very Earnest it was as if they had been going around for months ringing their hands and and saying I have a question about bufferin if only I could ask Angela Lansbury what we are seeing here is yet another example of a worsening problem that has been swept under the rug for too long in this nation the invasion of consumers from Mars they look like humans but they don't act like humans and they are taking over I know that whenever I encounter an influence attempt of this sort it sets off in me a kind of alarm with a clear directive attention attention bad social proof in this situation temporarily disconnect pilot it's so easy to do we need only make a conscious decision to be alert to counterfeit social evidence and the smug overconfidence of the exploiters will play directly into our hands we can relax until their manifest fakery is spotted at which time we can pounce and we should pounce with the Vengeance I am speaking here of more than simply ignoring the misinformation although this defensive tactic is certainly called for I am speaking of aggressive Counterattack whenever possible we ought to sting those responsible for the rigging of social evidence we should purchase no products featured in phony unrehearsed interview commercials moreover each manufacturer of the items should receive a letter explaining our response and recommending that they discontinue use of the advertising agency that produced so deceptive a presentation of their product of course we don't always want to trust the actions of others to direct our conduct especially in a situation important enough to Warrant our personal investigation of the pros and cons or in which we are experts but we do want to be able to count on others Behavior as a source of valid information in a large array of settings if in such settings we find that we cannot trust the information to be valid because someone has tampered with the evidence we ought to be ready to strike back in such instances I personally feel driven by more than the aversion to being duped I bristle at the thought of being pushed into an unacceptable corner by those who would undermine one of my hedges against the decisional overload of Modern Life and I get a genuine sense of righteousness by lashing out when they try if you are like me so should you in addition to the times when social evidence is deliberately faked there is another time when the principle of social proof will regularly steer us wrong in such an instance an innocent natural error will produce snowballing social proof that pushes us to the incorrect decision the pluralist ignorance phenomenon in which everyone at an emergency sees no cause for alarm is one example of this process the best illustration I know however comes from a story of one of my students who was a highway patrolman after a class session in which the subject of discussion was the principle of social proof he stayed to talk with me he said that he now understood the cause of a type of traffic accident that has always puzzled him before the accident typically occurred on the city freeway during rush hour when cars in all lanes were moving steadily but slowly events leading to the accident would start when a pair of Cars one behind the other would simultaneously begin signaling an intention to get out of the lane they were in and into the next within seconds a long line of drivers to the rear of the first two would follow suit thinking that something a stalled car or a construction barrier was blocking the lane ahead it would be in this Crush to cram into the available spaces of the next Lane that a collision frequently happened the odd thing about it all according to to the patrolman was that very often there had been no obstruction to be avoided in the first place and by the time of the accident this should have been obvious to anyone who looked he said he had more than once witnessed such accidents when there was a visibly clear road in front of the ill- fated Lane switchers the patrolman's account provides certain insights into the way we respond to social proof first we seem to assume that if a lot of people are doing the same thing they must know something we don't especially when we are uncertain we are willing to place an enormous amount of trust in the collective knowledge of the crowd second quite frequently the crowd is mistaken because they are not acting on the basis of any Superior information but are reacting themselves to the principle of social proof so if a pair of freeway drivers decided by coincidence to change lanes at The Identical moment the next two drivers might well do the same assuming that the forward drivers had spotted an obstruction the resulting social evidence confronting drivers behind this group would be potent four successive cars all with their turn signals flashing trying to angle into the next Lane more signal lights would go on the social proof would be undeniable by then for drivers to the rear there could be no question about the correctness of switching lanes all those guys ahead must know something so intent would they be upon working themselves into the next Lane that without even checking the true condition of the road before them the drivers would begin a linong flank assault crash there is a lesson here an automatic pilot device like social proof should never be trusted fully even when no sabator has fed bad information into the mechanism it can sometimes go Haywire by itself we need to check the machine from time to time to be sure that it hasn't worked itself out of sync with the other sources of evidence in the situation the objective facts our prior experiences our own judgments fortunately this precaution requires neither much effort nor much time a quick glance around is all that is needed and this little precaution is well worth it the consequences of single-minded Reliance on social evidence can be frightening this aspect of the social proof phenomenon always reminds me of the way certain Indian tribes the black feet cre snake and Crow used to hunt the North American buffalo there are two features of Buffalo that make them especially susceptible to erroneous social evidence first their eyes are set in their heads so that it is easier for them to see to the side than to the front second when they run as in a stampede it is with their heads down low so they cannot see above the herd as a result the Indians realized it was possible to kill tremendous numbers of Buffalo by starting a herd running toward a cliff the animals responding to the Thundering social proof around them and never looking up to see what lay ahead did the rest one astonished Observer to such a hunt described the deadly outcome of the buffalo's obsessive trust in Collective knowledge in this way it was possible to decoy a herd toward a precipice and cause it to plunge over on mass the leaders being thrust over by their followers and all the rest following of their own free will certainly a flyer whose plane is locked onto automatic pilot would be wise to glance occasionally at the instrument panel and out the window in the same way we need to look up and around periodically whenever we are locked onto the evidence of the crowd without this simple Safeguard against misguided social proof our prospects might well run parallel to those of the freeway lane switchers and the North American buffalo crash readers report from a former racetrack employee I became aware of one method of Faking social evidence to one's advantage while working at a racetrack in order to lower the odds and make more money some betters are able to sway the public to bet on bad horses odds at a racetrack are based on where the money is being bet the more money on a horse the lower better the odds many people who play the horses have surprisingly little knowledge of racing or betting strategy thus especially when they don't know much about the horses in a particular race a lot of times they'll simply bet the favorite because tote boards are displayed with up Toth minute odds the public can always tell who the current favorite is the system that a high roller can use to alter the odds is actually quite simple the guy has in mind a horse he feels has a good chance of winning next he chooses a horse that has long odds say 15 to1 and doesn't have a realistic chance to win the minute the mutual windows open the guy puts down $100 on the inferior horse creating an instant favorite whose odds on the board dropped to about 2 to one now the elements of social proof begin to work people who are uncertain of how to bet the race look to the tote board to see which horse the early betters have decided is a favorite and follow a snowballing effect now occurs as other people continue to bet the favorite at this point the High Roller go back to the window and bet heavily on his true favorite which will have better odds now because the new favorite has pushed down the board if the guy wins the initial $100 investment will have been worth it many times over I've seen this happen myself I remember one time a person put down $100 on a pre-race 10 to1 shot making it the early favorite the rumors started circulating around the track people knew something next thing you know everyone me included was betting on this horse it ended up running last and had a bad leg many people lost a lot of money somebody came out ahead though we'll never know who but he is the one with all the money he understood the theory of social proof once again we can see that social proof is most powerful for those who feel unfamiliar or unsure in a specific situation and who consequently must look outside of themselves for evidence of how best to behave there chapter 5 liking the friendly thief the main work of a trial attorney is to make a jury like his client Clarence Darrow few people would be surprised to learn that as a rule we most prefer to say yes to the requests of someone we know and like what might be startling to note however is that this simple rule is used in hundreds of ways by total strangers to get us to comply with their requests the clearest illustration I know of the professional exploitation of the liking rule is the Tupperware party which I consider the quintessential American compliance setting anybody familiar with a workings of a Tupperware party will recognize the use of the various weapons of influence we have examined so far reciprocity to start games are played and prizes won by the partygoers anyone who doesn't win a prize gets reach into a grab bag for hers so that everyone has received a gift before the buying begins commitment each participant is urged to describe publicly the uses and benefits she has found in the Tupperware she already owns and social proof once the buying begins each purchase builds the idea that other similar people want the product therefore it must be good all the major weapons of influence are present to help things along but the real power of the Tupperware party comes from from a particular Arrangement that trades on the liking rule despite the entertaining and persuasive salesmanship of the Tupperware demonstrator the true request to purchase the product does not come from this stranger it comes from a friend to every woman in the room oh the Tupperware representative May physically ask for each party goo's order all right but the more psychologically compelling requestor is a housewife sitting off to the side smiling chatting and serving ref freshments she is the party hostess who has called her friends together for the demonstration in her home and who everyone knows makes a profit from each piece sold at her party simple by providing the hostess with the percentage of the take the tupperware home parties Corporation arranges for its customers to buy from and for a friend rather than an unknown salesperson in this way the attraction the warmth the security and the obligation of friendship are brought to bear on the setting consumer researchers frenzer and Davis who have examined the social ties between the hostess and the partygoers in home party sales settings have affirmed the power of the company's approach the strength of that social bond is twice as likely to determine product purchase as is preference for the product itself the results have been remarkable it was recently estimated that Tupperware sales exceed $2.5 million a day what is interesting is that the customers appear to be fully aware of the liking and friendship pressures embodied in the Tupperware party some don't seem to mind others do but don't seem to know how to avoid them one woman I spoke with described her reactions with more than a bit of frustration in her voice it's gotten to the point now where I hate to be invited to Tupperware parties I've got all the containers I need and if I wanted anymore I could buy another brand cheaper in the store but when a friend calls up I feel like I have to go and when I get there I feel like I have to buy something what can I do it's for one of my friends with so irresistible an ally as the Friendship principal operating it is little wonder that the company has abandoned retail sales outlets and has pushed the home party concept until a Tupperware party now starts somewhere every 2.7 seconds but of course all sorts of other compliance professionals recognize the pressure to say yes to someone we know and like take for instance the growing number of charity organizations that recruit volunteers to canvas for donations close to their own homes they understand perfectly how much more difficult it is for us to turn down a charity request when it comes from a friend or a neighbor other compliance professionals have found that the friend doesn't even have to be present to be effective often just the mention of the friend's name is enough the shackle corporation which specializes in door-to-door sales of various home related products advises its sales people to use the endless chain method for finding new customers once a customer admits to liking a product he or she can be pressed for the names of friends who would also appreciate learning about it the individuals on that list can then be approached for sales and a list of their friends who can serve as sources for still other potential customers and so on in an end chain the key to the success of this method is that each New Prospect is visited by a salesperson armed with the name of a friend who suggested I call on you turning the salesperson away under those circumstances is difficult it's almost like rejecting the friend the shackly sales manual insists that employees use this system without fail it would be impossible to overestimate its value phoning or calling on a prospect and being able to say that Mr so and so a friend of his felt he would benefit by giving you a few moments of his time is virtually as good as a sale 50% made before you enter the widespread use by compliance practitioners of the liking bond between friends tells us much about the power of the liking rule to produce a scent in fact we find that such professionals seek to benefit from the rule even when already formed friendships are not present for them to employ under these circumstances the professionals compliance strategy is quite direct they first get us to like them there is a man in Detroit Joe Gerard who specialized in using the liking rule to sell Chevrolets he became wealthy in the process making more than $200,000 a year with such a salary we might guess that he was a highlevel GM executive or perhaps the owner of a Chevrolet dealership but no he made his money as a Salesman on the showroom floor at what he did he was phenomenal for 12 years straight he won the title as the number one car salesman he averaged more than five cars and trucks sold every day he worked and he has been called the world's greatest car salesman by the Guinness Book of World Records for all his success the formula he employed was surprisingly simple it consisted of offering people just two things a fair price and someone they liked to buy from and that's it he claimed in an interview finding the salesman they like bless the price put them both together and you get a deal fine the Joe Gerard formula tells us how vital the liking rule is to his business but it doesn't tell us nearly enough for one thing it doesn't tell us why customers liked him more than some other salesperson who offered a fair price there is a crucial and fascinating general question that Joe's formula leaves unanswered what are the factors that cause one person to like another person if we knew that answer we would be a long way toward understanding how people such as Joe can so successfully arrange to have us like them and conversely how we might successfully arranged to have others like us fortunately social scientists have been asking the question for decades their accumulated evidence has allowed them to identify a number of factors that reliably cause liking and as we will see each is cleverly used by compliance professionals to urge us along the road to yes physical attractiveness although it is generally acknowledged that good-look people have an advantage in social interaction recent findings indicate that we may have sorely underestimated the size and reach of that Advantage there seems to be a click were response to Attractive people like all click were re actions it happens automatically without forethought the response itself falls into a category that social scientists call Halo effects a halo effect occurs when one positive characteristic of a person dominates the way that person is viewed by others and the evidence is now clear that physical attractiveness is often such a characteristic research has shown that we automatically assign to good-look individuals such favorable traits as Talent kindness honesty and intelligence furthermore we make these judgments without being aware that physical attractiveness plays a role in process certain of the consequences of this unconscious assumption that good-look equals good scare me for example a study of the Canadian Federal elections found that attractive candidates received more than two and a half times as many votes as unattractive candidates despite such evidence of favor ISM toward handsome politicians follow-up research demonstrated that voters do not realize their bias in fact 73% of Canadian voters surveyed denied in the strongest possible terms that their votes have been influenced by physical appearance only 14% even allowed for the possibility of such influence a similar effect has been found in hiring situations in one study good grooming of applicants in a simulated employment interview accounted for more favorable hiring decisions than did job qualifications this even though the interviewers claimed that appearance played a small role in their choices equally unsettling Research indicates that our judicial process is similarly susceptible to the influences of body dimensions and bone structure good-looking people are likely to receive highly favorable treatment in the legal system for example in a Pennsylvania study researchers rated the physical attractiveness of 74 separate male defendants at the start of their criminal trials when much later the researchers checked court records for the results of these cases they found that the handsome men had received significantly lighter sentences in fact the attractive defendants were twice as likely to avoid jail as the unattractive ones in another study this one on the damages awarded in a staged negligence trial a defendant who was better looking than his victim was assessed an average amount of 5,000 $623 but when the victim was the more attractive of the two the average compensation was $1,515 in changing the opinions of an audience here too both sexes respond in the same way in the help of study for instance the better-looking men and women received Aid more often even from members of their own sex a major exception to this rule might be expected to occur of course if the attractive person is viewed as a direct competitor especially a romantic rival short of this qualification though it is apparent that good-look people enjoy an enormous social advantage in our culture they are better liked more persuasive more frequently helped and seen as possessing better personality traits and intellectual capacities and it appears that the social benefits of good looks begin to accumulate quite early research on elementary school children shows that adults view aggressive acts as less naughty when performed by an attractive child and that teachers presume good-look children to be more intelligent than their less classmates it is hardly any Wonder then that the Halo of physical attractiveness is regularly exploited by compliance professionals because we like Attractive people and because we tend to comply with those we like it makes sense that sales training programs include grooming hints that fashionable clo years select their floor staffs from among the good-looking candidates and that conmen are handsome and con women pretty similarity but what if physical appearance is not much at issue after all most people possess average looks are there other factors that can be used to produce liking as both researchers and compliance professionals know there are several and one of the most influential is similarity we like people who are similar to us this fact seems to hold true whether the similarity is in the area of opinions personality traits background lifestyle consequently those who wish to be liked in order to increase our compliance can accomplish that purpose by appearing similar to us in any of a wide variety of ways dress is a good example several studies have demonstrated that we are more likely to help those who dress like us in one study done in the early 1970s when young people tended to dress either in hippie or straight fashion experimenters dawned hippie or straight attire and asked college students on campus for a dime to make a phone call when the experimenter was dressed in the same way as the student student the request was granted in more than 2/3 of the instances but when the student and requestor were dissimilarly dressed the dime was provided less than half the time another experiment shows how automatic our positive response to similar others can be Marchers in an anti-war demonstration were found to be not only more likely to sign the petition of a similarly dressed requester but also to do so without bothering to read it first were another way requesters can manipulate similarity to increase liking and compliance is to claim that they have backgrounds and interests similar ours car salesmen for example are trained to look for evidence of such things while examining the customer's tradein if there is camping gear in the trunk the salesman might mention later on how he loves to get away from the city whenever he can if there are golf balls in the back seat he might remark that he hopes the rain will hold off until he can play the 18 holes he has scheduled for later in the day if he notices that the car was purchased out of state he might ask where the customers from and Report with surprise that he or his wife was born there too as trivial as these similarities may seem they appear to work one researcher who examined the sales records of insurance companies found that customers were more likely to buy Insurance when the salesperson was like them in such areas as Age religion politics and cigarette smoking habits because even small similarities can be effective in producing a positive response to another and because a veneer of similarity can be so easily manufactured I would advise special caution in the presence of requesters who claim to be just like you indeed it would be wise these days to be careful around salespeople who just seem to be just like you many sales training programs now urge trainees to mirror and match the customer's body posture mood and verbal style as similarities along each of these Dimensions have been shown to lead to positive results compliments actor McLean Stevenson once described how his wife tricked him into marriage she said she liked me although designed for a laugh the remark is as much instru Ive as humorous the information that someone fancies us can be a bewitchingly effective device for producing return liking and willing compliance so often in terms of flattery or simple claims of affinity we hear positive estimation from people who want something from us remember Joe Gerard the world's greatest car salesman who says the secret of his success was getting customers to like him he did something that on the face of it seems foolish and costly each month he sent every one of his more than 13,000 former customers a holiday greeting card containing a personal message the holiday greeting changed from month to month happy New Year or Happy Thanksgiving Etc but the message printed on the face of the card never varied it read I like you as Joe explained it there's nothing else on the card nothing but my name I'm just telling them that I like them I like you it came in the mail every year 12 times a year like clockwork I like you on a printed card that went off to 13,000 other people too could a statement of liking so impersonal so obviously designed to sell cars really work Jo Gerard thinks so and a man as successful as he was at what he did deserves our attention Joe understands an important fact about human nature we are are phenomenal suckers for flattery although there are limits to our gullibility especially when we can be sure that the flatterer is trying to manipulate us we tend as a rule to believe praise and to like those who provide it often times when it is clearly false an experiment done on men in North Carolina shows how helpless we can be in the face of praise the men in the study received comments about themselves from another person who needed a favor from them some of the men got only positive comments some got only negative comments and some got a mixture of good and bad there were three interesting findings first the evaluator Who provided only praise was liked best by the men second this was the case even though the men fully realized that the flatterer stood to gain from their liking him finally unlike the other types of comments pure praise did not have to be accurate to work positive comments produced just as much liking for the flatterer when they were untrue as when they were true apparently we have such an automatically positive reaction to compliments that we can fall victim to someone who uses them in an obvious attempt to win our favor click were when seen in this light the expense of printing and mailing well over 150,000 I like you cards each year seems neither as foolish nor as costly as before contact and cooperation for the most part we like things that are familiar to us to prove the point to yourself try a little experiment get the negative of an old photograph that shows a front view of your face and have it developed into a pair of pictures one that shows you as you actually look and one that shows a reverse image so that the right and left sides of your face are interchanged now decide which ver of your face you like better and ask a good friend to make the choice too if you were at all like a group of Milwaukee women on whom this procedure was tried you should notice something odd your friend will prefer the true you but you will prefer the reverse image why because you both will be responding favorably to the more familiar face your friend the one the world sees and you to the transposed one you find in the mirror every day because of its effect on liking familiarity plays a role in decisions about all sorts of things including the politicians we elect it appears that in an election Booth voters often choose a candidate merely because the name seems familiar in one controversial Ohio election a few years ago a man given little chance of winning the State Attorney General race swept to Victory when shortly before the election he changed his name to Brown a family name of much Ohio political tradition how could such a thing happen the answer lies partially in the unconscious way that familiarity affects liking often we don't realize that our attitude towards something has been influenced by the number of times we have been exposed to it in the past for example in one experiment the faces of several individuals were flashed on a screen so quickly that later on the subjects who were exposed to the faces in this manner couldn't recall having seen any of them before yet the more frequently a person's face was flashed on the screen the more these subjects came to like that person when they met in a interaction and because greater liking leads to Greater social influence these subjects were also more persuaded by the opinion statements of the individuals whose faces had appeared on the screen most frequently on the basis of evidence that we are more favorable toward the things we've had contact with some people have recommended a contact approach to improving race relations they argue that simply by providing individuals of different ethnic background with more exposure to one another as equals those individuals will naturally come to like each other better however when scientists have examined a school integration the area offering the single best test of the contact approach they have discovered quite the opposite pattern School desegregation is more likely to increase Prejudice between blacks and whites than to decrease it let's stay with the issue of school desegregation for a while however well-intentioned the proponents of interracial Harmony through simple contact their approach is unlikely to bear fruit because the argument on which it is based is terribly misinformed first of all the school setting is no Melting Pot where children interact as readily with members of other ethnic groups as they do with own years after formal School integration there is little social integration the students clot together ethnically separating themselves for the most part from other groups second even if there were much more internic interaction research shows that becoming familiar with something through repeated contact doesn't necessarily cause greater liking in fact continued exposure to a person or object under unpleasant conditions such as frustration conflict or competition leads to less liking and the typical American classroom Fosters precisely these unpleasant conditions consider The Illuminating report of a psychologist Elliot Aronson called in to consult with school Authorities on problems in the Austin Texas schools his description of how he found education proceeding in the standard classroom could apply to nearly any public school in the United States States in general here is how it works the teacher stands in front of the class and asks a question six to 10 children strain in their seats and wave their hands in the teacher's face eager to be called on and show how smart they are several others sit quietly with eyes a verdict trying to become invisible when the teacher calls on one child you see looks of disappointment and dismay on the faces of the eager students who missed a chance to get the teacher's approval and you will see relief on the faces of the others who didn't know the answer this game is fiercely competitive and the stakes are high because the kids are competing for the love and approval of one of the two or three most important people in their world further this teaching process guarantees that the children will not learn to like and understand each other conjure up your own experience if you knew the right answer and the teacher called on someone else you probably hoped that he or she would make a mistake so that you would have a chance to display your knowledge if you were called on and failed or if you didn't even raise your hand to compete you probably envied and resented your classmates who knew the answer children who fail in the system become jealous and resentful of the successes putting them down as teachers pets or even resorting to violence against them in the schoolyard the successful students for their part often hold the unsuccessful children in contempt calling them dumb stupid this competitive process does not encourage anyone to look benevolently and happily upon his fellow students should we wonder then why raw School desegregation whether by enforced busing District resoning or school closures so frequently produces increased rather than decreased Prejudice when our own children find their Pleasant social and friendship contacts within their own ethnic boundaries and get repeated exposure to other groups only in the competitive cauldron of the classroom we might expect as much are there available solutions to this problem one possibility might be to end our attempts at school integration but that hardly seems workable even were we to ignore the inevitable legal and constitutional challenges and the disruptive societal wrangles such a retreat would provoke there are solid reasons for pursuing classroom integration for instance although white students achievement levels remain steady it is 10 times more likely that the academic performance of minority students will significantly increase rather than significantly decline after desegregation we must be cautious in our approach to school desegregation not to throw out the baby because it is sitting in some dirty bath water the idea of course is to jettison just the water leaving the the baby shining from the bath right now though our baby is soaking in the Schmutz vaser of increased racial hostility fortunately real hope for draining away that hostility is emerging from the research of Education Specialists into the concept of Cooperative learning because much of the heightened Prejudice from classroom desegregation seems to stem from increased exposure to outside group members as Rivals these Educators have experimented with forms of learning in which cooperation rather than competition with classmates is Central off to Camp to understand the logic of the Cooperative approach it helps to reexamine the fascinating three decades old research program of turkish-born social scientist muzafer Sharif intrigued with the issue of Intergroup conflict Sherif decided to investigate the process as it developed in Boy Summer Camps although the boy never realized that they were participants in an experiment Sherif and his associates consistently engaged in Artful manipulations of the Camp's social environment to observe the effects on relations it didn't take much to bring on certain kinds of ill will simply separating the boys into two residents cabins was enough to stimulate a we versus they feeling between the groups and assigning names to the two groups the Eagles and the Rattlers acceler ated the sense of rivalry the boys soon began to demean the qualities and accomplishments of the group but these forms of hostility were minor compared to what occurred when the experimenters purposely introduced competitive activities into the factions meetings with one another cabin against cabin treasure hunts tugs of war and athletic contests produced name calling and physical friction during the competitions members of the opposing team were labeled cheaters sneaks and stinkers afterward cabins were raided rival banners were stolen and burned threatening signs were posted and lunchroom scuffles were commonplace at this point it was evident to shareif that the recipe for disharmony was quick and easy just separate the participants into groups and let sit for a while in their own juices they mix together over the flame of continued competition and there you have it cross group hatred at a rolling boil a more challenging issue then faced the experimenters how to remove the entrenched hostility they had created they first tried the contact approach of bringing the bands together more often but even when the joint activities were pleasant ones such as movies and social events the results were disastrous picnics produced food fights entertainment programs gave way to shouting contests dining hall line Minds degenerated into shoving matches Sharie and his research team began to worry that in Dr Frankenstein fashion they might have created a monster they could control then at the height of The Strife they hit on a resolution that was at once simple and effective they constructed a series of situations in which competition between the groups would have harmed everyone's interests in which cooperation was necessary for Mutual benefit on a day long outing the single truck available to go into town for food was found to be stuck the boys were assembled and all pulled and pushed together until the vehicle was on its way in another instance the researchers arranged for an interruption of the Camp's water supply which came through pipes from a distant tank presented with the common crisis and realizing the need for unified action the boys organized themselves harmoniously to find and fix the problem before Days end and yet another circumstance requiring cooperation the campers were informed that a desirable movie was available for rental but that the camp could not afford it aware that the only solution was to combine resources the boys rented the film with pooled money and spent an unusually congenial evening enjoying it together the consequences though not instantaneous were nonetheless striking conjoint efforts toward common goals steadily bridged the rancorous rift between the groups before long the verbal baiting had died the jostling and lines had ended and the boys had begun to intermix at the meal tables further when asked to list their best friends significant numbers changed from an earlier exclusive naming of ingroup Chums to a listing that included boys in the other group some even thanked the researchers for the opportunity to rate their friends again because they realized they had changed their minds since the old days in one revealing episode the boys were returning from a campfire on a single bus something that would have produced bedum before but was now specifically requested by the boys when the bus stopped at a refreshment stand the boys of one group with $5 left in its treasury decided to treat their former bitter adversaries to milkshakes we can trace the roots of this surprising turnabout to those times when the boys had to view one another as allies instead of opponents The crucial procedure was the experimenters imposition of common goals on the groups it was the cooperation required to achieve these goals that finally allowed the Rival group members to experience one another as reasonable fellows valued helpers and friends and when success resulted from the mutual efforts it became especially difficult to Main maintain feelings of hostility toward those who had been teammates in the Triumph back to school in the Welter of racial tensions that followed School desegregation certain educational psychologists began to see the relevance to the classroom and sharif's findings If Only The Learning Experience there could be modified to include at least occasional internic cooperation toward Mutual successes perhaps cross-group friendships would a place to grow although similar projects have been underway in various States an especially interesting approach in this direction termed the jigsaw classroom was developed by Elliot Aronson and his colleagues in Texas and California the essence of the jigsaw route to learning is to require that students work together to master the material scheduled for an upcoming examination this is accomplished by forming students into cooperating teams giving each student only one part of the information one piece of the puzzle necessary to pass the test under this system the students must take turns teaching and helping one another everyone needs everyone else to do well like sharif's campers working on tasks that could be successfully accomplished only conjointly the students became allies rather than enemies when tried in recently desegregated classrooms the jigsaw approach has generated impressive results Studies have shown that compared to other classrooms in the same school using the traditional competitive method jigsaw learning stimulated significantly more friendship and less Prejudice between ethnic groups besides this vital reduction in hostility there were other advantages self-esteem liking for school and test scores improved for minority students and the white students benefited too their self-esteem and liking for school went up and their test performance was at least as high as that of whites in the traditional classes gains such as these cry out for more detailed explanation what exactly goes on in the jigsaw classroom to account for effects we had long ago lost hope of attaining in the public schools a case study provided by Aronson helps us to understand better it relates the experience of Carlos a young Mexican-American boy who found himself in a jigsaw group for the first time Carlos's job was to learn and then convey to his team information on the middle years of Joseph Pitzer a test on the famous newspaperman's life would soon face each group member Aronson tells what happened Carlos was not very articulate in English his second language and because he was often ridiculed when he had spoken up in the past he had learned over the years to keep quiet in class we might even say that Carlos and the teacher had entered into a conspiracy of Silence he would become Anonymous buried in the bustle of classroom activity and not be embarrassed by having to stumble over answers she in turn would not call on him her decision probably came from the purest of motives she didn't want to humiliate him or watch the other kids make fun of him but by ignoring Carlos the teacher had an effect written him off she was implying that he was not worth bothering with at least that was the message the other kids got if the teacher wasn't calling on Carlos it must be because Carlos is stupid it is likely that Carlos himself came to the same conclusion naturally Carlos was quite uncomfortable with the new system which required him to talk to his groupmates he had a great deal of trouble communicating his paragraph he stammered hesitated and fidgeted the other kids were not helpful at all they reacted out of their old over-learned habit when a kid stumbles especially when they think is stupid they resort to ridicule and teasing a you don't know it accused Mary you're dumb you're stupid you don't know what you're doing one of us assigned to observe the group process would intervene with a bit of advice when she overheard such comments okay you can tease him if you want to she said and that might be fun for you but it's not going to help you learn about Joseph piter's middle years the exam will take place in about an hour notice how she changed the reinforcement contingencies now Mary doesn't gain much from putting Carlos down and she stands to lose a great deal after a few days and several such experiences it began to Dawn on these kids that the only chance they had to learn about Carlos's segment was by paying attention to what Carlos had to say and with that realization the kids began to develop into pretty good interviewers sort of Junior dick cavitts instead of teasing Carlos or ignoring him they learned to draw him out to ask the questions that made it easier for him to explain out loud what was in his head Carlos in turn relaxed more and this improved his ability to communicate after a couple of weeks the children concluded that Carlos wasn't nearly as dumb as they thought he was they saw things in him they hadn't seen before they began to like him more and Carlos began to enjoy School more and think of his Anglo classmates not as tormentors but as friends there is a tendency when faced with positive results like those from the jigsaw classroom to become overly enthusiastic about a single simple solution to a tenacious problem experience should tell us that such problems rarely yield to a simple remedy that is no doubt true in this case as well even within the boundaries of Cooperative learning procedures the issues are complex before we can feel truly comfortable with the jigsaw or any similar approach to learning and liking much more research is needed to determine how frequently in what size doses at which ages and in which sorts of groups Cooperative strategies will work we also need to know the best way for teachers to Institute new methods provided they will institute them at all after all not only are Cooperative learning techniques a radical departure from the traditional familiar routine of most teachers they may also threaten the teacher sense of importance in the classroom by turning over much of the instruction to the students finally we must realize that competition has its place too it can serve as a valuable motivator of desirable action and an important builder of self concept the task then is not to eliminate academic competition but to break its Monopoly in the classroom by introducing regular Cooperative successes that include members of all ethnic groups despite these qualifications I cannot help but be encouraged by the evidence to date when I talk to my students or even my neighbors and friends about the prospects for Cooperative learning approaches I can feel optimism rise in me the public public schools have for so long been the source of discouraging news sinking test scores teacher burnout increasing crime and of course racial conflict now there is at least one crack in the Gloom and I find myself genuinely excited about it what's the point of this digression into the effects of school desegregation on race relations the point is to make two points first although the familiarity produced by contact usually leads to Greater liking the opposite occurs if the contact carries distasteful experiences with it therefore when children of different racial groups are thrown into the incessant harsh competition of the standard American classroom we ought to see and we do see the worsening of hostilities second the evidence that team oriented learning is an antidote to this disorder may tell us about the heavy impact of cooperation on the liking process but before we assume that cooperation is a powerful cause of liking we should first pass it through what to my mind is the acid test do compliance practitioners systematically use cooperation to get us to like them so we will say yes to their requests do they point it out when it exists naturally in a situation do they try to amplify it when it exists only weekly and most instructive of all do they manufacture it it when it is absent as it turns out cooperation passes the test with colors flying compliance professionals are forever attempting to establish that we and they are working for the same goals that we must pull together for Mutual benefit that they are in essence our teammates a host of examples is possible most are familiar like the new car salesman who takes our side and does battle with his boss to secure us a good deal but one rather spectacular illustration occurs in a setting few of us would recognize firsthand because the professionals are police interrogators whose job is to induce suspects to confess to crime in recent years the courts have imposed a variety of restrictions on the way police must behave in handling suspected criminals especially in seeking confessions many procedures that in the past led to admissions of guilt can no longer be employed for fear that will result in the judge's dismissal of the case as yet however the courts have found nothing illegal in the use by the police of subtle psychology for this reason criminal interrogations have taken increasingly to the use of such PLO as the one they call good cop bad cop good cop bad cop works as follows a young robbery suspect let's say who has been advised of his rights and is maintaining his innocence is brought to a room to be questioned by a pair of officers one of the officers either because the part suits him or because it is merely his turn plays the role of bad cop before the suspect even sits down bad cop curses the son of a for the robbery for the rest of the session his words come only with snarls and growls he kicks the prisoner's chair to emphasize his points when he looks at the man he seems to see a mound of garbage if the suspect challenges bad C's accusations or just refuses to answer them bad cop becomes livid his rage Soares he swears he will do everything possible to assure a maximum sentence he says he has friends in the district attorney's office who will hear from him of the suspect's non-cooperative attitude and who will prosecute the case hard at the outset of bad cop's performance his partner good cop sits in background then slowly he starts to chip in first he speaks only to bad cob trying to temper the burgeoning anger calm down Frank calm down but bad cob shouts back don't tell me to calm down when he's lying right to my face I hate these lying bastards a bit later good cop actually says something in the suspect's behalf take it easy Frank he's only a kid not much in the way of support but compared to the rantings of bad cop the words fall like music on the prisoner's ears still bad cop is unconvinced kid he's no kid he's a punk that's what he is a punk I'll tell you something else he's over 18 and that's all I need to get his ass sent so far behind bars they'll need a flashlight to find him now good cop begins to speak directly to the young man calling him by his first name and pointing out any positive details of the case I'll Tell You Kenny you're lucky that nobody was hurt and you weren't armed when you come up for sentencing that'll look good if the suspect persists and claiming innocence bad cop launches into another TI rate of curses and threats but this time good cop stops him okay Frank handing bad cop some money I think we could all use some coffee how about getting us three cups when bad cop is gone it's time for good cops big scene look man I don't know why but my partner doesn't like you and he's going to try to get you and he's going to be able to do it because we've got enough evidence right now and he's right about the DA's office going hard on guys who don't cooperate you're looking at 5 years man five years now I don't want to see that happen to you so if you admit you rob that place right now before he gets back I'll take charge of your case and put in a good word for you to the DA if we work together on this we can cut that five years down to two maybe one do is both a favor Kenny just tell me how you did it and then let's start working on getting you through this a full confession frequently follows good cop bad cop works as well as it does for several reasons the fear of long incarceration is quickly instilled by Bad Cops threats the perceptual contrast principle ensures that compared to the raving venomous bad cop the interrogator playing good cop will seem like an especially reasonable and kind man and because good cop has intervened repeatedly on the suspect's behalf has even spent his own money for a cup of coffee the reciprocity rule pressures for a return favor the big reason that the technique is effective though is that it gives the suspect the idea that there is someone on his side someone with his welfare in mind someone working together with him him in most situations such a person would be viewed very favorably but in the deep trouble our robbery suspect finds himself that person takes on the character of a savior and from savior it is but a short step to trusted father Confessor conditioning and Association why do they blame me Doc it was the shaky telephone voice of a local TV weatherman he had been given my number when he called the psychology department at my University to find someone who could answer his question a question that had always puzzled him but had recently begun to bother and depress him I mean it's crazy isn't it everybody knows that I just report the weather that I don't order it right so how come I get so much flak when the weather's bad during the floods last year I got hate maal one guy threatened to shoot me if it didn't stop raining Christ I'm still looking over my shoulder from that one and the people I work with at the station do it too sometimes right on the air they'll zing me about a heat wave or something they have to know that I'm not responsible but that doesn't seem to stop them can you help me understand this Doc it's really getting me down we made an appointment to talk in my office where I tried to explain that he was the victim of an age-old click response that people have to things they perceive as merely connected to one another instances of this response abound in Modern Life but I felt that the example most likely to help the distressed weather would require a bit of ancient history I asked him to consider the precarious fate of the Imperial messengers of old Persia any such messenger assigned the role of military Courier had special cause to Hope mightily for Persian Battlefield successes with news of victory in his pouch he would be treated as a hero upon his arrival at the palace the food drink and women of his choice were provided gladly and sumptuously should his message tell of military disaster though the reception would be quite different he was summarily slain I hoped that the point of this story would not be lost on the weatherman I wanted him to be aware of a fact that is as true today as it was in the time of ancient Persia or for that matter in the time of Shakespeare who captured the essence of it with one Vivid line the nature of bad news he said infects the teller there is a natural human tendency to dislike a person who brings us unpleasant information even when that person did not cause the bad news the simple association with it is enough to stimulate our dislike but there was something else I hoped the weatherman would get from the historical examples Not only was he joined in his predicament by centuries of other tellers but also compared to some such as the Persian Messengers he was very well off at the end of our session he said something to convince me that he appreciated this point quite clearly doc he said on his way out I feel a lot better about my job now I mean I'm in Phoenix where the sun shines 300 days a year right thank God I don't do the weather in Buffalo The weatherman's Parting comment reveals that he understood more than I had told him about the principle that was influencing his viewers liking for him being connected with bad weather does have a negative effect but on the other side of the coin being connected with Sunshine should do wonders for his popularity and he was right the principle of Association is a general one governing both negative and positive connections an innocent association with either bad things or good things will influence how people feel about us weathermen pay price for Nature's curveballs by David L Langford Associated Press television weather forecasters make a good living talking about the weather but when mother nature throws a curveball they duck for cover conversations with several veteran prognosticators across the country this week turned up stories of them being whacked by old ladies with umbrellas accosted by drunks and bars pelted with snowballs and gashes threatened with death and accused of trying to play God I had one guy call and tell me that if it snowed over Christmas I wouldn't live to see New Years said Bob Gregory who has been the forecaster at WTHR TV in Indianapolis for 9ine years most of the forecasters claimed they are accurate 80% to 90% of the time on one- day forecasts but longer range predictions get tricky and most conceited they are simply reporting information supplied by computers and Anonymous meteorologists from the national weather service or a private agency but it's the face on the television screen that people go after Tom Bonner 35 who has been with KKTV in Little Rock Arkansa for 11 years remembers the time a Burly farmer from Lone Oak with too much to drink walked up to him in a bar poked a finger in his chest and said you're the one that sent that tornado and tore my house up I'm going to take your head off boner said he looked for the bouncer couldn't spot him and replied that's right about the tornado and I tell you something else I'll send another one if you don't back off several years ago when a major flood left water 10 ft deep in San Diego's Mission Valley Mike Ambrose of kgtv recalls that a woman walked up to his car whacked the windshield with an umbrella and said this rain is your fault Chuck Whitaker of WSBTV in South Bend Indiana says one little old lady called the police department and wanted to weatherman arrested for bringing all snow A woman upset that it had rained for her daughter's wedding called Tom jaws of WKBW TV in Buffalo New York to give him a piece of her mind she held me responsible and said if she ever met me she would probably hit me he said Sunny Elliott of wjbk TV a forecaster in the Detroit area for 30 years recalls predicting 2 to 4 Ines of snow in the city several years ago and and more than eight came down to retaliate his colleagues at the station set up a contraption that rained about 200 gashes on him while he was giving the forecast the next day I've still got the lumps to prove it he says our instruction in how the negative association Works seems to have been primarily undertaken by the mothers of society remember how they were always warning us against playing with the bad kids down the street remember remember how they said it didn't matter if we did nothing bad ourselves because in the eyes of the neighborhood we would be known by the company we kept our mothers were teaching us about guilt by association they were giving us a lesson in the negative side of the principle of Association and they were right people do assume that we have the same personality traits as our friends as for the positive associations it is the compliance professionals who teach the lesson they are incessantly trying to connect themselves or their products with the things we like did you ever wonder what all those good-looking models are doing standing around in the automobile ads what the advertiser hopes they're doing is lending their positive traits Beauty and desirability to the cars the advertiser is betting that we will respond to the product in the same ways we respond to the attractive models merely associated with it and they are right in one study study men who saw a new car ad that included a seductive young woman model rated the car as faster more appealing more expensive looking and better designed than did men who viewed the same ad without the model yet when asked later the men refused to believe that the presence of the young woman had influenced their judgments because the association principle works so well and so unconsciously manufacturers regularly rushed to connect their products with the current cultural rage during the days of the first American moonshot everything from breakfast drink to deodorant was sold with Illusions to the US Space Program in Olympiad years we are told precisely which is the official hairspray and facial tissue of our Olympic teams during the 1970s when the magic cultural concept appeared to be naturalness the natural bandwagon was crowded to capacity sometimes the connections to naturalness didn't even make sense change your hair color naturally urged one popular TV commercial the linking of celebrities to products is another way advertisers cash in on the association principle professional athletes are paid to connect themselves to things that can be directly relevant to their roles sports shoes tennis rackets golf balls or wholly irrelevant soft drinks Popcorn Poppers panty hoes the important thing for the advertiser is to establish the connection it doesn't have to be a logical one just a positive one of course popular entertainers provide another form of desirability that manufacturers have always paid dearly to tie to their goods but recently politicians have caught on to the ability of a celebrity linkage to sway voters president IAL candidates assemble Stables of well-known non-political figures who either actively participate in the campaign or merely lend their names to it even at the state and local level a similar game is played take as evidence the comment of a Los Angeles woman I overheard expressing her conflicting feelings about a California referendum to limit smoking in public places it's a real tough decision they've got big stars speaking for it and big star are speaking against it you don't know how to vote if politicians are relative newcomers to the use of celebrity endorsements they are old hands at exploiting the association principle in other ways for example Congressional Representatives traditionally announc to the press the start of federal projects that will bring new jobs or benefits to their home States this is true even when a representative has had nothing to do with advancing the project or has in some cases voted against it while politicians have long strained to associate themselves with the values of motherhood country and apple pie it may be in the last of these connections to food that they have been most clever for instance it is White House tradition to try to sway the votes of bulking legislators over a meal it can be a picnic lunch a Sumptuous breakfast or an elegant dinner but when an important bill is up for grabs out comes silverware and political fundraising these days regularly involves the presentation of food notice too that at the typical fundraising dinner the speeches the appeals for further contributions and heightened effort never come before the meal is served only during or after the advantages to this pairing of the Affairs of the table with those of the state are several for example time is saved and the reciprocity rule is engag engaged the least recognized benefit however may be the one uncovered in research conducted in the 1930s by the distinguished psychologist Gregory razran using what he termed the lunch technique he found that his subjects became fonder of the people and things they experienced while they were eating in the example most relevant for our purposes razan's subjects were presented with some political statements they had rated once before at the end of the experiment after all the political statements had been presented razen found that only certain of them had gained an approval those that had been shown while food was being eaten and these changes in liking seemed to have occurred unconsciously since the subjects could not remember which of the statements they had seen during the Food Service how did razin come up with the luncheon technique what made him think it would work the answer May lie in the Dual scholarly roles he played during his career Not only was he a respected independent researcher he was also one of the earliest translators into English of the pioneering psychological literature of Russia it was a literature dedicated to the study of the association principle and dominated by the thinking of a brilliant man Ivan pavlof although a scientist of varied an elaborated Talent he had for instance won a Nobel Prize years earlier for his work on the digestive system Pavlov's most important experimental demonstration was Simplicity itself he showed that he could get an animal's typical response to food salivation to be directed towards something irrelevant to food a bell merely by connecting the two things in the animal's mind if the presentation of food to a dog was always accompanied by the sound of a bell soon the dog would salivate to the Bell alone even when there was no food to be had it was not a long step from Pavlov's classic demonstration to rasen's luncheon technique obviously a normal reaction to food can be transferred to some other thing through the process of raw Association razan's Insight was that there are many normal responses to food besides salivation one of them being a good and favorable feeling therefore it is possible to attach this Pleasant feeling this positive attitude to anything political statements being only an example that is closely associated with good food nor is there a long step from the lunch and technique to the compliance professionals realization that all kinds of desirable things can substitute for food in lending their likable qualities to the ideas products and people artificially linked to them in the final analysis then that is why those good-look models are standing around in the magazine ads and that is why radio programmers are instructed to insert the station call letters jingle immediately before a big hit song is played and that is even why the women playing Barnyard bingo at a Tupperware party must yell the word Tupperware rather than Bingo before they can rush to the center of the floor for prize it may be Tupperware for the women but it's Bingo for the company just because we are often the unaware victims of compliance practitioners use of the association principle doesn't mean that we don't understand how it works or don't use it ourselves there is ample evidence for instance that we understand fully the predicament of a Persian Imperial Messenger or modern-day weatherman announcing bad news in fact we can be counted on to take steps to avoid putting ourselves in any similar positions research done at the University of Georgia shows just how we operate when faced with the task of communicating good or bad news students waiting for an experiment to begin were given the job of informing a fellow student that an important phone call had come in for him half the time the call was supposed to bring good news and half the time bad news the researchers found that the students conveyed the information very differently depending on its quality when the news was positive the tellers were sure to mention that feature you just got a phone call with great news better see the experiment for details but when the news was unfavorable they kept themselves apart from it you just got a phone call better see the experiment for the details obviously the students had previously learned that to be liked they should connect themselves to good news but not bad news a lot of strange Behavior can be explained by the fact that people understand the association principle well enough to strive to link themselves to positive events and separate themselves elves from negative events even when they have not caused the events some of the strangest of such Behavior takes place in the great Arena sports the actions of the athletes are not the issue here though after all in the heated contact of the game they are entitled to an occasional eccentric Outburst instead it is the often raging irrational boundless ferver of the sports fan that seems on its face so puzzling how can we account for Wild Sports riots in Europe or the murder of players and referees by South American soccer crowds gone berserk or the unnecessary lavishness of the gifts provided by local fans to already wealthy American ball players on the special day set aside to honor them rationally none of this makes sense it's just a game isn't it hardly the relationship between Sport and the earnest fan is anything but game likee it is serious intense and highly personal an apt illustration comes from one of my favorite anecdotes it concerns a World War II soldier who returned to his home in the Balkans after the war and shortly thereafter stopped speaking medical examinations could find no physical cause for the problem there was no wound no brain damage no vocal impairment he could read write understand a conversation and follow follow orders yet he would not talk not for his doctors not for his friends not even for his pleading family perplexed and exasperated his doctors moved him to another city and placed him in a veteran's hospital where he remained for 30 years never breaking his self-imposed silence and sinking into a life of social isolation then one day a radio in his Ward happened to be tuned to a soccer match between his hometown team and a traditional rival when at a crucial point of play the referee called a foul against a player from the man's Home Team the mute veteran jumped from his chair glared at the radio and spoke his first words in more than three decades you dumbass he cried are you trying to give them the match with that he returned to his chair and to a silence he never again violated there are two important lessons to be derived from this true story the first concerns the sheer power of the phenomenon the Veteran's desire to have his hometown team succeed was so strong that it alone produced a deviation from his solidly entrenched way of life similar effects of sports events on the long-standing habits of fans are far from unique to the back Wards of veterans hospitals during the 1980 Winter Olympics after the US hockey team had upset the vastly favored Soviet team the tea totaling father of the American go tender Jim Craig was offered a flask I've never had a drink in my life he reported later but someone behind me handed me conac I drank it yes I did nor was such unusual behavior unique to parents of the players fans outside the hockey arena were described in news accounts as Delirious they hugged sang and turned somersaults in the snow even those fans not present at Lake placet exalted in the Victory and displayed their pride with bizarre behavior in Raleigh North Carolina a swim meet had to be halted when after the hockey score was announced the competitors and audience alike chanted USA USA until they were horse in Cambridge Massachusetts a quiet Supermarket erupted at the news into a riot of flying toilet tissue and paper towel streamers the customers were joined in their spree and soon led by the market employees and manager without question the force is deep and sweeping but if we return to the account of the silent veteran we can see that something else is revealed about the nature of the Union of sports and sports fan something crucial to its basic character it is a personal thing whatever fragment of an identity that ravaged mute man still possessed was engaged by soccer play no matter how weakened his ego may have become after 30 years of wordless stagnation in a hospital Ward it was involved in the match why because he personally would be diminished by a HomeTown defeat how through the principle of Association the mere connection of birthplace hooked him wrapped him tied him to the approaching Triumph or failure as distinguished author Isaac Asimov put it in describing our reactions to the contests we view all things being equal you root for your own sex your own culture your own locality and what you want to prove is that you are better than the other person whomever you root for represents you and when he wins you win when viewed in this light The Passion of the sports fan begins to make sense the game is no light diversion to be enjoyed for its inherent form or Artistry the self is at stake that is why Hometown Crowds Are So adoring and more tellingly so grateful toward those regularly responsible for home team victories that is also why the same crowds are often ferocious in their treatment of players coaches and officials implicated in athletic failures fans intolerance of defeat can shorten the careers of even successful players and coaches take the case of Frank leaden who abruptly quit as coach of the NBA's Utah Jazz while the team was leading the League's Midwest Division Laden's relative success warm humor and widely known charitable activities in the Salt Lake City area were not enough to Shield him from the ire of some jazz supporters after team losses citing a brace of incidents with abusive fans including one in which people waited around for an hour to curse at him following a defeat leaden explained his decision sometimes in the NBA you feel like a dog I've had people spit on me I had a guy come up to me and say I'm a lawyer hit me hit me so I can sue you I think America takes all sports too seriously so we want our Affiliated sports teams to win to prove our own superiority but to whom are we trying to prove it ourselves certainly but to everyone else too according to the association principle if we can surround ourselves with success that we are connected with and even a superficial way for example place of residence our public Prestige will rise our sports fans right to think that without ever throwing a block catching a ball scoring a goal or perhaps even attending a game they will receive some of the glory from a HomeTown Championship I believe so the evidence is in their face favor recall that Persia's Messengers did not have to cause the news my weatherman did not have to cause the weather and pavo's Bell did not have to cause the food for powerful effects to occur the association was enough it is for this reason that were the University of Southern California to win the Rose Bowl we could expect people with a Southern Cal connection to try to increase the visibility of that connection in any of a variety of ways in one experiment showing how wearing apparel can serve to Proclaim such an association researchers counted the number of School sweatshirts worn on Monday mornings by students on the campuses of seven prominent football universities Arizona State Louisiana State Notre Dame Michigan Ohio State Pittsburgh and Southern California the results showed that many more homeschool shirts were worn if the football team had won its game on the prior Saturday what's more the larger the margin of Victory the more such shirts appeared it wasn't a close hard fought game that caused the students to address themselves literally in success instead it was a clear crushing Conquest smacking of indisputable superiority this tendency to try to bask in reflected Glory by publicly trumpeting our connections to successful others has its Mirror Image in our attempt to avoid being darkened by the shadow of others defeat in an amazing display during the luckless 1980 season season ticket holding fans of the New Orleans Saints football team began to appear at the stadium wearing paper bags to conceal their faces as their team suffered loss after loss more and more fans dawned the bags until TV cameras were regularly able to record the extraordinary image of gathered masses of people shrouded in brown paper with nothing to identify them but the tips of their noses I find it instructive that during a late season contest when it was clear that the saints were at last going to win one the fans discarded their bags and went public once more all this tells me that we purposefully manipulate the visibility of our connections with winners and losers in order to make ourselves look good to anyone who could view these connections by showcasing the positive associations and burying the negative ones we are trying to get observers to think more highly of us and to like us more there are many ways we go about this but one of the simplest and most pervasive is in the pronouns we use have you noticed for example how often after a home team Victory fans crowd under the range of a TV Camera thrust their index fingers high and Shout we're number one we're number one note that the call is not their number one or even our team is number one the pronoun is we do designed to imply the closest possible identity with the team note also that nothing similar occurs in the case of failure no television viewer will ever hear the chant we're in last place we're in last place home team defeats are the times for distancing oneself here we is not nearly as preferred as the insulating pronoun they to prove the point I once did a small experiment in which students at Arizona State University were phoned and asked to describe the outcome of a football game their school team had played a few weeks earlier some of the students were asked the outcome of a certain game their team had lost the other students were asked the outcome of a different game one their team had won my fellow researcher AAL Thorne and I simply listened to what was said and recorded the percentage of students who used the word we in their descriptions when the results were tabulated it was obvious that the students had tried to connect themselves to success by using the pronoun we to describe their school team Victory we beat Houston 17 to 14 or we won in the case of the lost game however we was rarely used instead the students used terms designed to keep themselves separate from their vanquished team they lost to Misouri 30 to 20 or I don't know the score but Arizona State got beat perhaps the twin desires to connect ourselves to Winners and to distance ourselves from losers were combined consant in the remarks of one particular student after dryly recounting the score of the home team defeat Arizona State lost it 30 to 20 he blurted in anguish they threw away our chance for a national championship if it is true that to make ourselves look good we try to bask in the reflected glory of the success we are even remotely associated with a provocative implication emerges we will be most likely to use this approach when we feel that we don't look so good whenever our Public Image is damaged we will experience an increased desire to restore that image by trumpeting our ties to successful others at the same time we will most scrupulously avoid publicizing our ties to failing others support for these ideas comes from the telephone study of Arizona State University students before being asked about the home team Victory or loss they were given a test of their general knowledge the test was rigged so that some of the students would fail badly while the others would do quite well so at the time they were asked to describe the football score half of the students had experienced recent image damage from their failure of the test these students later showed the greatest need to manipulate their connections with the foot football team to salvage their Prestige if they were asked to describe the team defeat only 177% used the pronoun we in so doing if however they were asked to describe the win 41% said we the story was very different though for the students who had done well on the General Knowledge Test they later used we about equally whether they were describing a home team Victory 25% or defeat 24% these students had bolstered their images through their own achievement and didn't need to do so through the achievement of others this finding tells me that it is not when we have a strong feeling of recognized personal accomplishment that we will seek to bask in reflected Glory instead it will be when Prestige both public and private is low that we will be intent upon using the successes of associated others to help restore image I think it revealing that the remarkable hubub following the American hockey team victory in the 1980 Olympics came at a time of recently diminished American Prestige the US government had been helpless to prevent both the holding of American hostages in Iran and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan it was a time when as a citizenry we needed the Triumph of that hockey team and we needed to display or even manufacture our connections to it we should not be surprised to learn for instance that outside the hockey arena in the aftermath of the win over the Soviet team scalpers were getting $100 a pair for ticket stubs although the desire to bask in reflected Glory exists to a degree in all of us there seems to be something special about people who would wait in the snow to spend $50 a piece for the shreds of tickets to a game they had not attended presumably to prove to friends back home that they had been present at the big victory just what kind of people are unless I miss my guess they are not merely great Sports afficionados they are individuals with a hidden personality flaw a poor self-concept deep inside is a sense of low personal worth that directs them to seek Prestige not from the generation or promotion of their own attainments but from the generation or promotion of their associations with others of attainment there are several varieties of this species that bloom throughout our culture the persistent name dropper is a classic example so too is the rock music groupy who trades sexual favors for the right to tell girlfriends that she was with a famous musician for a time no matter which form it takes the behavior of such individuals shares a similar theme the rather tragic view of accomplishment is deriving from outside the self certain of these people work the association principle in a slightly different way instead of striving to inflate their visible connections to others of success they strive to inflate the success of others they are visibly connected to the clearest illustration is the notorious stage mother obsessed with securing stardom for her child of course women are not alone in this Regard in 1991 a Davenport Iowa obstetrician cut off service to the wives of three school officials reportedly because his son had not been given enough playing time in school basketball games one of the wives was 8 months pregnant at the time Physicians wives often speak of the pressures to obtain personal Prestige by association with their husband's professional stature John panan who authored the book the best doctors in the US Reports that many enraged protests to his list came not from the Physicians who were omitted but from their wives in one instance that reveals the extent to which the principle of Association dominates the thinking of some of these women panan received a letter from a frantic wife along with her proof that her husband deserved to be on the list of best doctors it was a photograph of the man with MV Griffin how to say no because liking can be increased by many means a proper consideration of defenses against compliance professionals who employ the liking rule must oddly enough be a short one it would be pointless to construct a hord of specific countertactics to combat each of the Myriad versions of the various ways to influence liking there are simply too many rots to be blocked effectively with such a one-on-one strategy besides several of the factors leading to liking physical attractiveness familiarity Association have been shown to work unconsciously to produce their effects on us making it unlikely that we could muster a timely protection against them instead we need to consider a general approach one that can be applied to any of the liking related factors to neutralize their unwelcome influence on our compliance decisions the secret to such an approach May lie in its timing rather than trying to recognize and prevent the action of liking factors before they have a chance to work on us we might be well advised to let them work our vigilance should be directed not toward the things that may produce undue liking for a compliance practitioner but toward the fact that undue liking has been produced the time to react protectively is when we feel ourselves liking the practitioner more than we should under circumstances by concentrating our attention on the effect rather than the causes we can avoid the laborious nearly impossible task of trying to detect and deflect the many psychological influences on liking instead we have to be sensitive to only one thing related to liking in our contacts with compliance practitioners the feeling that we have come to like the practitioner more quickly or more deeply than we would have expected once we notice this feeling we will have been tipped off that there is probably some tactic being used and we can start taking the necessary countermeasures note that the strategy I'm suggesting borrows much from the J Jitsu style favored by the compliance themselves we don't attempt to restrain the influence of the factors that cause liking quite the contrary we allow these factors to exert their force and then we use that force in our campaign against them the stronger the force the more conspicuous it becomes and consequently the more subject to our alerted defenses suppose for example we find ourselves bargaining on the price of a new car with Dand Dan a candidate for Joe Gerard's vacated greatest car salesman title after talking a while and negotiating a bit Dan wants to close the deal he wants us to decide to buy the car before any such decision is made it would be important to ask ourselves a crucial question in the 25 minutes I've known this guy have I come to like him more than I would have expected if the answer is yes we might might want to reflect upon whether Dan behaved during those few minutes in ways that we know affect liking we might recall that he had fed us coffee and donuts before launching into his pitch that he had complimented us on our choice of options and color combinations that he had made us laugh that he had cooperated with us against the sales manager to get us a better deal although such a review of events might be informative it is not a necessary step in protecting ourselves from the liking rule once we discover that we have come to like Dan more than we would have expected to we don't have to know why the simple recognition of unwarranted liking should be enough to get us to react against it one possible reaction would be to reverse the process and actively dislike Dan but that might be unfair to him and contrary to our own interests after all some individuals are naturally likable and Dan might just be one of them it wouldn't be right to turn automatically against those compliance professionals who happen to be most likable besides for our own sakes we wouldn't want to shut ourselves off from business interactions with such nice people especially when they may be offering us the best available deal I would recommend a different reaction if our answer to the crucial question is yes under the circumstances I like this guy peculiarly well this should be the signal that the time has come for a quick counter maneuver mentally separate Dan from that Chevy or Toyota he's trying to sell it is vital to remember at this point that should we decide for Dan's Car we will be driving it not him off the dealership lot it is irrelevant to a wise automobile purchase that we find Dan likable because he is good-looking claims an interest in our favorite hobby is funny or has relatives back where we grew up our proper response then is a conscious effort to concentrate exclusively on the merits of the deal and car Dan has for us of course and making a compliance decision it is always a good idea to keep separate our feelings about the requester and the request but once immersed in even a brief personal and sociable contact with a requester that distinction is easy to forget in those instances when we don't care one way or the other about a requester forgetting to make the distinction won't steer us very far wrong the big mistakes are likely to come when we are fond of the person making a request that's why it is so important to be alert to a sense of undue liking for a compliance practitioner the recognition of that feeling can serve as our reminder to separate the dealer from the merits of the deal and to make our decision based on considerations related only to the latter were we all to follow this procedure I am certain we would be much more pleased with the results of our Exchange es with compliance professionals though I suspect that D Dan would not readers report from a Chicago man although I've never been to a topware party I recognize the same kind of friendship pressures recently when I got a call from a long-distance phone company saleswoman she told me that one of my buddies had placed my name on something called the MCI friends and family calling Circle this friend of mine Brad is a guy I grew up with but who moved to New Jersey last year for a job he still calls me pretty regularly to get the news on the guys we used to hang out with from the neighborhood the saleswoman told me that he can save 20% on all the calls he makes to the people on his calling Circle list provided that they are MCI phone company subscribers then she asked me if I wanted to switch to MCI to get all the blah blah blah benefits of MCI service and so that Brad could save 20% on his calls to me well I couldn't have cared less about the benefits of MCI service I was perfectly happy with a longdistance company I had but the part about wanting to save Brad money on our calls really got to me for me to say that I didn't want to be in his calling Circle and didn't care about saving him money would have sounded like a real front to our friendship when he learned of it so to avoid insulting him I told her to switch me to MCI I used to wonder why women would go to a Tupperware party just because a friend was holding it and then buy stuff they didn't want once they were there I don't wonder anymore this reader is not alone in being able to testify to the power of the pressures embodied in mci's calling Circle idea when Consumer Reports Magazine inquired into the practice the MCI salesperson they interviewed was quite succinct it works nine out of 10 times he said chapter six Authority directed Defence follow an expert Virgil suppose that while leafing through the newspaper you notice an ad for volunteers to take part in a study of memory being done in the psychology department of a nearby University let's suppose further that finding the idea of such an experiment intriguing you contact the director of the study a professor Stanley mgrm and make arrangements to participate in an hourlong session when you arrive at the laboratory Suite you meet two men one is the researcher in charge of the experiment as is clearly evidenced by the gray lab coat he wears and the clipboard he carries the other is a volunteer like yourself who seems average in all respects after initial greetings and pleasantries are exchanged the researcher begins to explain the procedures to be followed he says that the experiment is a study of how punishment affects learning and memory therefore one participant will have the task of learning pairs of words in a long list until each pair can be recalled perfectly this person is to be called the learner the other participants job will be to test the learner's memory and to deliver increasingly strong electric shocks for every mistake this person will be designated teacher naturally you get a bit nervous news and your apprehension increases when after drawing Lots with your partner you find that you are assigned the learner role you hadn't expected the possibility of pain as part of the study so you briefly consider leaving but no you think there's plenty of time for that if need be and besides how strong a shock could it be after you have had a chance to study the list of word pairs the researcher straps you into a chair and with the teacher looking on attaches electrodes to your arm more worried now about the effect of the shock you inquire into its severity the researcher's response is hardly comforting he says that although the shocks can be extremely painful they will cause you no permanent tissue damage with that the researcher and the teacher leave you alone and go to the next room where the teacher asks you the test questions through an intercom system and delivers electric punishment for every wrong response as as the test proceeds you quickly recognize the pattern that the teacher follows he asks the question and waits for your answer over the intercom whenever you air he announces the voltage of the shock you about to receive and pulls a lever to deliver the punishment the most troubling thing is that with each error you make the shock increases by 15 volts the first part of the test progresses smoothly the shocks are annoying but tolerable later on though as your mistakes accumulate and the shock voltages climb the punishment begins to hurt enough to disrupt your concentration which leads to more errors and ever more disruptive shocks at the 75 90 and 105 volt levels the pain makes you grunt audibly at 120 volts you exclaim into the intercom that the shocks are really starting to hurt you take one more punishment with a groan and decide that you can't take much more pain after the teacher delivered the 150 volt shock you shout back into the intercom that's all get me out of here get me out of here please let me out but instead of the Assurance you expect from the teacher that he and the researcher are coming to release you the teacher merely gives you the next test question to answer surprised and confused you Mumble the first answer to come into your head it's wrong of course and the teacher delivers a 165 volt shock you scream at the teacher to stop to let you out out but he responds only with the next test question and with the next slashing shock when your frenzied answer is incorrect you can't hold down the Panic any longer the shocks are so strong now they make you rrie and shriek you kick the wall demand to be released beg the teacher to help you but the test questions continue as before and so do the dreaded shocks in searing jolts of 195 210 225 240 255 to 70 to 85 and 300 volts you realize you can't possibly answer the test correctly now so you shout to the teacher that you won't answer his questions any longer nothing changes the teacher interprets your failure to respond as an incorrect response and sends another Bolt the ordeal continues in this way until finally the power of the shocks stun you into near paralysis you can no longer cry out no longer struggle you can only feel each terrible electric bite perhaps you think this total inactivity will cause the teacher to stop there can be no reason to continue this experiment but he proceeds relentlessly calling out the test questions announcing the horrid shock levels about 400 volts now and pulling levers what must this man be like you wonder in confusion why doesn't he help me why won't he stop for most of us the above scenario reads like a bad dream to recognize how nightmarish it is though we should understand that in most respects it is real there was such an experiment actually a whole series run by a psychology Professor named Milgram in which participants in the teacher role were willing to deliver continued intense and dangerous levels of shock to a kicking screeching pleading other person only one major aspect of the experiment was not genuine no real shock was delivered the learner the victim who repeatedly cried out an Agony for mercy and release was not a true subject but an actor who only pretended to be shocked the actual purpose of milgram's study then had nothing to do with the effects of punishment on learning in memory rather it involved an entirely question when it is their job how much suffering will Ordinary People be willing to inflict on an entirely innocent other person the answer is most unsettling under circumstances mirroring precisely the features of the bad dream the typical teacher was willing to deliver as much pain as was available to give rather than yield to the pleas of the victim about 2third of the subjects in milgram's experiment pulled every one of the 30 shock switches in front of them and continued to engag the last switch 450 volts until the researcher ended the experiment more alarming still not one of the 40 subjects in this study quit his job as teacher when the victim first began to demand his release nor later when he began to beg for it nor even later when his reaction to each shock had become in milgram's words definitely an agonized scream not until the 300 volt shock had been sent and the victim had shouted in desperation that he would no longer provide answers to the memory test did anyone stop and even then it was a distinct minority who did these results surprised everyone associated with the project mgrm included in fact before the study began he asked groups of colleagues graduate students and psychology majors at Yale University where the experiment was performed to read a copy of the experimental procedures and estimate how many subjects would go all the way to the last 450 volt shock invariably the answers fell to the 1 to 2% range a separate group of 39 psychiatrists predicted that only about one person in a thousand would be willing to continue to the end no one then was prepared for the behavior patterns that the experiment actually produced how can we explain those alarming patterns perhaps as some have argued it has to do with the fact that the subjects were all males who are known as a group for their aggressive tendencies or that the subjects didn't recognize the potential harm that such High shock voltages could cause or that the subjects were a freakish collection of moral cretans who enjoyed the chance to inflict misery but there is good evidence against each of these possibilities first the subject's sex was shown by a later experiment to be irrelevant to their willingness to give all the shocks to the victim female teachers were just as likely to do so as the males in mgm's initial study the explanation that subject weren't aware of the potential's physical danger to the victim was also examined in a subsequent experiment and found to be wanting in that version when the victim was instructed to announce that he had a heart condition and to declare that his heart was being affected by the shock that's all get me out of here I told you I had heart trouble my heart starting to bother me I refused to go on let me out the results were the same as before 65% of the subjects carried out their duties Faithfully through the maximum shock finally the explanation that milgram's subjects were a twisted sadistic Bunch not at all representative of the average citizen has proven unsatisfactory as well the people who answered milgram's newspaper ad to participate in his memory experiment represented a standard cross-section of Ages occupations and educational levels within our society what's more later on a battery of Personality scales showed these people to be quite normal psychologically with not a hint of psychosis as a group they were in fact just like you and me or as milgrim likes deter it they are you and me if he is right that his studies implicate us and their Grizzly findings the unanswered question becomes an uncomfortably personal one what could make us do such things milgrim is sure he knows the answer it has to do he says with a deep-seated sense of Duty to Authority within us all according to Milgram the real culprit in the experiments was his subject's inability to defy the wishes of the boss of the study the lab coded researcher who urged and if need be directed the subjects to perform their duties despite the emotional and physical Mayhem they were causing the evidence supporting milgram's obedience to Authority explanation is strong first it is clear that without the researchers directives to continue the subjects would have ended the experiment quickly they hated what they were doing and agonized over their victim's Agony they implored the researcher to let them stop when he refused they went on but in the process they trembled they perspired they shook they stammered protests and additional pleas for the victim's release their fingernails dug into their own flesh they bit their lips until they bled they held their heads in their hands some fell into fits of UNC controllable nervous laughter as one outside Observer to the experiment wrote I observed a mature and initially poised businessman enter the laboratory smiling and confident within 20 minutes he was reduced to a twitching stuttering wreck who was rapidly approaching a point of nervous collapse he constantly pulled on his earlobe and twisted his hands at one point he pushed his fist into his forehead and muttered oh god let's stop and yet he continued to respond to every word of the experimenter and obeyed to end in addition to these observations Milgram has provided even more convincing evidence for the obedience to Authority interpretation of his subject's behavior in a later study for instance he had the researcher and the victim switch scripts so that the researcher told the teacher to stop delivering shocks to the victim while the victim insisted bravely that the teacher continue the result couldn't have been clearer 100% of the subjects refused to give one additional shock when it was merely the fellow subject who demanded it The Identical finding appeared in another version of the experiment in which the researcher and fellow subject switched roles so that it was the researcher who was strapped into the chair and the fellow subject who ordered the teacher to continue over the protests of the researcher again not one subject touched another shock lover the extreme degree to which subjects in mgr's situation were attentive to the wishes of authority was documented in yet another variation of the basic study in this case Milgram presented the teacher with two researchers who issued contradictory orders one ordered the teacher to terminate the shocks when the victim cried out for release while the other maintained that the experiment should go on these conflicting instructions reliably produced what may have been the Project's own humor in tragic comic befuddlement and with eyes darting from one researcher to another subjects would beseech the pair to agree on a single command they could follow wait wait which is it going to be one says stop one says go which is it when the researchers remained at loggerheads the subjects tried frantically to determine who is the bigger boss failing this route to obedience with the authority every subject finally followed his better instincts and ended the shock as in the other experimental variations such a result would hardly be expected had the subject's motivations involved some form of sadism or neurotic aggressiveness to milgram's mind evidence of a chilling phenomenon emerges repeatedly from his accumulated data it is the extreme willingness of adults to go to almost any lengths on the command of an authority that constitutes the chief finding of the study there are sobering implications ations of this finding for those concerned about the ability of another form of authority government to extract frightening levels of obedience from ordinary citizens furthermore the finding tells us something about the sheer strength of authority pressures in controlling our Behavior after witnessing mgr's subjects squirming and sweating and suffering at their task could anyone doubt the power of the force that held them there for those whose doubts Remain the story of s Brian will son might prove instructive on September 1st 1987 to protest us shipments of military equipment to Nicaragua Mr Wilson and two other men stretched their bodies across the railroad tracks leading out of the conquered California Naval weapons station the protesters were confident that their act would halt the scheduled trains progress that day as they had notified Navy and railroad officials of their intent 3 days before but the civilian crew which had been given orders not to stop never even slowed the train despite being able to see the protesters 600 ft ahead although two of the men managed to scramble out of Harm's Way Mr Wilson was not quick enough to avoid being struck and having both legs severed below the knee because Navy medical corpsmen at the scene refused to treat him or allow him to be taken to the hospital in their ambulance onlookers including Mr Wilson's wife and son were left to try to staunch the flow of blood for 45 minutes until a private ambulance arrived amazingly Mr Wilson who served four years in Vietnam does not blame either the crewman or the korsman for his Misfortune he points his finger Instead at a system that constrained their actions through the pressure to obey they were just doing what I did in N they were following orders that are part of an insane policy they're The Fall Guys although the crew members shared Mr Wilson's assessment of them as victims they did not share his mag nity in what is perhaps the most remarkable aspect of the incident the train crew filed suit against him requesting punitive damages for the humiliation mental anguish and physical stress they suffered because he hadn't allowed them to carry out their orders without cutting off his legs whenever we are faced with so potent a motivator Of Human Action it is natural to expect that good reasons exist for the motivation in the case of obedience to Authority even a brief consideration of Human Social organization offers justification Plenty a multi-layered and widely accepted system of authority confers an immense Advantage upon a society it allows the development of sophisticated structures for resource production trade defense expansion and social control that would otherwise be impossible the other alternative Anarchy is a state that is hardly known for its beneficial effects on cultural groups and one that the social philosopher Thomas Hobbs assures us would render life solitary poor nasty brutish and short consequently we are trained from birth that obedience to proper Authority is right and disobedience is wrong the essential message fills the parental lessons the schoolhouse Rhymes stories and songs of our childhood and is carried forward in the legal military and political systems we encounter as adults Notions of submission and loyalty to legitimate rule are accorded much value in each religious instruction contributes as well the very first book of the Bible for example describes how failure to obey the ultimate Authority produced the loss of paradise for Adam Eve and the rest of the human race should that particular metaphor prove too subtle just a bit further into the Old Testament we can read in what might be the closest biblical representation of the mgrm experiment the respectful account of Abraham's willingness to plunge a dagger through the heart of his young son because God without any explanation ordered it we learn in this story that the correctness of an action was not adjudged by such considerations as a parent senselessness harmfulness Injustice or usual moral standards but by the mere command of a higher authority Abraham's tormented ordeal was a test of obedience and he like mgr's subjects who perhaps had learned an early lesson from him passed stories like those of Abraham and milgram's subjects can tell us much about the power of and value for obedience in our culture in another sense however they may be misleading as to the way obedience typically occurs we rarely agonize to such a degree over the pros and cons of Authority's demands in fact our obedience frequently takes place in a click were fashion with little or no conscious deliberation information from a recognized Authority can provide us a valuable shortcut for deciding how to act in a situation after all as Milgram himself suggests conforming to the dictates of authority figures has always had genuine practical advantages for us early on these people for example parents teachers knew more than we did and we found that taking their advice proved beneficial partly because of their greater wisdom and partly because they controlled our rewards and punishments as adults the same benefits persist for the same reasons though the authority figures now appear as employers judges and government leaders because their positions speak of superior access to information and power it makes great sense to comply with the wishes of properly constituted authorities it makes so much sense in fact that we often do so when it makes no sense at all this Paradox is of course course the same one that attends all major weapons influence in this instance once we realize that obedience to Authority is mostly rewarding it is easy to allow ourselves the convenience of automatic obedience the simultaneous blessing and Bane of such blind obedience is its mechanical character we don't have to think therefore we don't although such mindless obedience leads us to appropriate action in The Great majority of cases there will be conspicuous exceptions because we are reacting rather than thinking let's take an example from one facet of Our Lives where Authority pressures are visible and strong medicine health is enormously important to us thus Physicians who possess large amounts of knowledge and influence in this vital area hold the position of respected authorities in addition the medical establishment has a clearly terrist power and prestige structure the various kinds of health workers well understand the level of their jobs in this structure and they well understand too that the MD sits at the top no one may overrule the doctor's judgment in a case except perhaps another doctor of higher rank as a consequence a long-established tradition of automatic obedience to a doctor's orders has developed among Health Care staffs the worrisome possibility arises then that when a physician makes a clear error no one lower in the hierarchy will think to question it precisely because once a legitimate Authority has given an order subordinates stop thinking in the situation and start reacting makes this kind of Click were response into a complex Hospital environment and mistakes are certain indeed a study done in the early 1980s by the US healthare financing Administration showed that for patient medication alone the average hospital had a 12 % daily error rate a decade later things had not improved according to a Harvard University study 10% of all cardiac arrests in hospitals are attributable to medication errors errors in the medicine patients receive can occur for a variety of reasons however a book entitled medication errors causes and prevention by two Temple University pharmacology professors Michael Cohen and Neil Davis attributes much of the problem to the Mindless difference given the boss of the patient's case the attending physician according to Professor Cohen in case after case patients nurses Pharmacists and other Physicians do not question the prescription take for example The Strange Case of the rectal earache reported by Cohen and Davis a physician ordered eardrops to be administered to the right ear of a patient suffering pain and infection there but instead of in of writing out completely the location right ear on the prescription the doctor abbreviated it so the instructions read place in r ear upon receiving the prescription the duty nurse promptly put the required number of eardrops into the patient anus obviously rectal treatment of an earache made no sense yet neither the patient nor the nurse questioned it the important lesson of this story is that in many situations where a legitimate Authority has spoken what would otherwise make sense is irrelevant in these instances we don't consider the situation as a whole but attend and respond to only one aspect of it wherever our behaviors are governed in such an unthinking manner we can be confident that there will be compliance professionals trying to take advantage we can stay within the field of medicine and see that advertisers have frequently harnessed the respect accorded to doctors in our culture by hiring actors to play the roles of doctors speaking on behalf of the product my favorite example is a TV commercial featuring actor Robert Young counseling people against the dangers of caffeine and recommending caffeine-free Sanka brand coffee the commercial was highly successful selling so much coffee that it was played for years in several versions but why should this commercial prove so effective why on Earth would we take Robert Young's word for the health consequences of decaffeinated coffee because as the advertising agency that hired him knew perfectly well he is associated in the minds of the American public with Marcus well bmd the role he played in an earlier long-running series objectively it doesn't make sense to be swayed by the comments of a man we know to be just an actor who used to play a doctor but as a practical matter that man moved the Sanka connotation not context from the first time I saw it the most intriguing feature for me in the Robert Young Sanka commercial was its ability to use the influence of the authority principle without ever providing a real Authority the appearance of authority enough this tells us something important about unthinking reactions to authority figures when in a click wor mode we are often as vulnerable to the symbols of authority as to the substance there are several kinds of symbols that can reliably trigger our compliance in the absence of the genuine substance of authority consequently they are employed extensively by those compliance professionals who are short on substance con artists for example drape themselves with the titles clothes and trappings of authority they love nothing more than to emerge elegantly dressed from A Fine automobile and to introduce themselves to their perspective Mark as doctor or judge or professor or commissioner someone they understand that when they are so equipped their chances for compliance are greatly increased each of these three types of symbols of authority has its own story and is worth a separate look titles titles are simultaneously the most difficult and the easiest symbols of authority to acquire to earn one normally takes years of work and achievement yet it is possible for somebody who has put in none of this effort to adopt the mere label and receive a kind of automatic deference as we have seen TV commercial actors and con artists do it successfully all the time I recently talked with a friend a faculty member at a well-known Eastern University Who provided a telling illustration of how our actions are frequently more influenced by a title than by the nature of the person claiming it my friend travels quite a bit and often finds himself chatting with strangers and bars restaurants and airports he says that he has learned through much experience never to use his title Professor during these conversations when he does he reports the tenor of the interaction changes immediately people who have been spontaneous and interesting conversation partners for the prior half hour become respectful accepting and dull his opinions that earlier might have produced a lively exchange now usually generate extended and highly grammatical stat statements of a court annoyed and slightly bewildered by the phenomenon because as he says I'm still the same guy they've been talking to for the past 30 minutes right my friend now regularly lies about his occupation in such situations what a refreshing shift from the more typical pattern in which certain compliance practitioners lie about titles they don't truly have in either direction however such practiced dishonesty makes the same point about the sufficiency of a m symbol of authority to influence behavior I wonder whether my professor friend who is physically somewhat short would be so eager to hide his title if he knew that besides making strangers more accommodating it also makes them see him as taller studies investigating the way in which authority status affects perceptions of size have found that prestigious titles lead to height distortions in one experiment conducted on five classes of Australian college students a man was introduced as a visitor from Cambridge University in England however his status at Cambridge was represented differently in each of the classes to one class he was presented as a student to a second class A demonstrator to another a lecturer to yet another a senior lecturer to a fifth professor after he left the room each class was asked to estimate his height it was found that with each increase in status the same man grew in perceived height by an average of a/ in so that as the professor he was seen as 2 and 1/2 in taller than as the student it is worth the time of a small detour to pursue this interesting connection between status and perceived size since it shows up in a variety of ways in judging the size of coins for example children most overestimate the size of the more valuable coins and adults are just as guilty of such distortions in one study college students Drew cards that had monetary values printed on them ranging from $3 to negative $3 they won or lost the amount shown on the cards they picked afterward they were asked to rate the size of each card even though all cards were exactly the same size those that had the more extreme values positive or negative were seen as physically larger thus it is not necessarily the pleasantness of a thing that makes it seem bigger to us it is its importance because we see size and status as related it is possible for certain individuals to benefit by substituting the former for the latter in some animal societies where the status of a male is assigned on the basis of dominance size is an important factor in determining which male will achieve which status level in the group usually in combat with the Rival the larger and more powerful male wins to avoid the harmful effect effects to the group of such physical conflict however many species have adopted methods that frequently involve more form than fracus the two males confront each other with showy aggression displays that invariably include size enhancing tricks various mammals arch their backs and bristle their coats fish extend their fins and puff themselves up with water Birds unfurl and flutter their wings very often this exhibition alone is enough to send one of the history IC Warriors into Retreat leaving the contested status position to his seemingly larger and stronger rival fur fins and Feathers isn't it interesting how these most delicate Parts can be exploited to give the impression of substance and weight there are two lessons for us here one is specific to the association between size and Status the connection of those two things can be profitably employed by individuals who are able to fake the first to gain the appearance of the second this is precisely why conmen even those of average or slightly above average height commonly wear lifts in shoes the other lesson is more General the outward signs of power and authority frequently may be counterfeited with the flimsiest materials let's return to the realm of titles for an example an example that involves what in several ways is the scariest experiment I know a group of research seers composed of doctors and nurses with connections to three Midwestern hospitals became increasingly concerned with the extent of mechanical obedience to doctor's orders on the part of nurses it seemed to the researchers that even highly trained and skilled nurses were not using that training or skill sufficiently to check on a doctor's judgment instead when confronted with a physician's directives they would simply defer earlier we saw how this process accounted for the case of the Rey ad ministered eardrops but the midwestern researchers took things several steps further first they wanted to find out whether such cases were isolated incidents or representative of a widespread phenomenon second they wanted to examine the problem in the context of a serious treatment error the gross overprescription of an unauthorized drug to a hospital patient finally they wanted to see what would happen if they physically removed the authority figure from the situation and substituted an unfamiliar voice on the phone offering only the frailest evidence of authority the claimed title doctor to 22 separate nurses stations on various surgical medical Pediatric and psychiatric WS one of the researchers made an identical phone call in which he identified himself as a hospital physician and directed The answering nurse to give 20 milligrams of a drug astrogenic Ward patient there were four excellent reasons for a nurse is caution in response to this order one the prescription was transmitted by phone in direct violation of Hospital policy two the medication itself was unauthorized estrogen had not been cleared for use nor placed on the ward stock list three the prescribed dosage was obviously and dangerously excessive the medication containers clearly stated that the maximum daily dose was only 10 mg half of what had been ordered four the directive was given by a man the nurse had never met seen or even talked with before on the phone yet in 95% of the instances the nurses went straight away to the ward medicine cabinet where they secured the ordered dosage of estrogen and started for the patient's room to administer it it was at this point that they were stopped by a secret Observer who revealed the nature of the experiment the results are frightening indeed that 95% of reg staff nurses complied unhesitatingly with a patently improper instruction of this sort must give us all great reason for concern as potential hospital patients given the recent us healthc care financing Administration estimate of a 12% daily medication error rate in American hospitals stays of longer than a week make it likely that we will be recipients of such an error what the midwestern study shows is that the mistakes are hardly limited to trivial slips in the administration of harmless eardrops or the like but extend to grave and dangerous blunders in interpreting their unsettling findings the researchers came to an instructive conclusion in a real life situation corresponding to the experimental one there would in theory be two professional intelligences the doctors and the nurses working to ensure that a given procedure be undertaken in a manner beneficial to the patient or at the very least least not detrimental to him the experiment strongly suggests however that one of these intelligences is for all practical purposes nonfunctioning it seems that in the face of a physician's directives the nurses unhooked their professional intelligences and moved to a click were form of responding none of their considerable medical training or knowledge was engaged in a decision of what to do instead because obedience to legit Authority had always been the most preferred and efficient action in their work setting they had become willing to Heir on the side of automatic obedience it is all the more instructive that they had traveled so far in this direction that their error had come not in response to genuine Authority but to its most easily falsified symbol a bare title close a second kind of authority symbol that can trigger our mechanical compliance is clothing though more tangible than a title the cloak of authority is every bit as fak police Bunko files bulge with records of con artists whose Artistry includes the Quick Change in chameleon style they adopt the hospital white Priestly black army green or police blue that the situation requires for maximum Advantage only too late do their victims realize that the Garb of authority is hardly its guarantee a series of studies by social psychologist Leonard bickman gives an indication of how difficult it can be to resist requests that come from figures and Authority attire bigman's basic procedure was to ask passers by on the street to comply with some sort of odd request to pick up a discarded paper bag to stand on the other side of a bus stop sign in half of the instances the requestor a young man was dressed in normal street clothes the rest of the time he was dressed on a security guard's uniform regardless of the type of request many more people obey the requestor when he wore the guard costume especially revealing was one version of the experiment in which the requestor stopped pedestrians and pointed to a man standing by a parking meter 50 ft away the requester whether dressed normally or as a security guard always said the same thing to The Pedestrian you see that guy over there by the meter he's overp parked but doesn't have any change give him a dime the requestor then turned a corner and walked away so that by the time the pedestrian reached the meter the requestor was out of sight the power of his uniform lasted however even after he was long gone nearly all the pedestrians complied with his directive when he had worn the guard costume but fewer than half did so when he had dressed normally it is interesting to note that later on bikman found college students able to guess with considerable accuracy the percentage of compliance that had occurred in the experiment when the requestor woree street clothes 50% versus the actual 42% yet the students greatly underestimated the percentage of compliance when he was in uniform 63% 92% less blatant in its connotation than a uniform but nonetheless effective is another kind of attire that has traditionally bespoken Authority status in our culture the well-tailored business suit it too can evoke a telling form of difference from total strangers research conducted in Texas for instance arranged for a 31-year-old man to violate the law by crossing the street against the traffic light on a variety of occasions in half of the cases he was dressed in a freshly pressed business suit and tie on the other occasions he wore a work shirt and trousers the researcher watched from a distance and counted the number of pedestrians waiting at the corner who followed the man across the street like the children of Hamlin who crowded after the Pied Piper three and a half times as many people swept into traffic behind the suited jwalker in this case though the magic came not from his pipe but his Pinstripes it is noteworthy that the two types of authority apparel shown by the above research to be influential the guard uniform and business suit are combined deafly by confidence Men in a fraud called the bank examiner scheme the target of the Swindle can be anyone but elderly persons living alone or preferred the con begins when a man dressed in a properly conservative three-piece business suit appears at the door of a likely victim everything about his clothing sends a message of propriety and respectability the white shirt is starched the wing tip shoes glow deeply his suit is not trendy but classic the lapels are 3 in wide no more no less the cloth is heavy and substantial in July the tones are muted business blue business gray business black he explains to his intended victim perhaps a widow he secretly followed home from the bank a day or two earlier that he is a professional Bank examiner who in the course of auditing the books of her bank has found some seeming irregularities he thinks he has spotted the culprit a bank officer who is regularly doctoring reports of transactions in certain accounts he says that the Widow's account may be one of these but but he can't be sure until he has hard evidence therefore he has come to ask her for her cooperation would she help out by withdrawing her savings so a team of examiners and responsible Bank officials can trace the record of the transaction as it passes across the suspect's desk often the appearance and presentation of the bank examiner are so impressive that the victim never thinks to check on their validity with even a simple phone call instead she drives to the bank withdraws all her money and returns home with with it to wait with the examiner for a word on the success Trap when the message comes it is delivered by a uniformed Bank guard who arrives after closing hours to announce that all is well apparently the Widow's account was not one of those being tampered with greatly relieved The Examiner offers gracious thanks and since the bank is now conveniently closed instructs the guard to return the lady's money to the Vault to save her the trouble of doing so the next day with smiles and handshakes all around the guard takes the funds and leaves the examiner to express a few more minutes of thanks before he too exits naturally as the victim eventually discovers the guard is no more a guard than the examiner is an examiner what they are is a pair of Bunko artists who have recognized the capacity of carefully counterfeited uniforms to click us into mesmerized compliance with authority trappings aside from its function in uniforms clothing can symbolize a more generalized type of authority when it serves an ornamental purpose finely styled and expensive clothes carry an aura of status and position as do trappings such as jewelry and cars the last of these status symbols is particularly interesting in the United States where the American love affair with the automobile gives it unusual significance according to the findings of a study done in the San Francisco Bay Area owners of prestige autos receive a special kind of deference from us the experimenters discovered that motorists would wait significantly longer before honking their horns at a new luxury car stopped in front of a green light than at an older economy model the motorists had little patience with the economy car driver nearly all sounded their horns and the majority of these did so more than once two simply rammed into his rear bumper so intimidating was the aura of The Prestige automobile however that 50% of the motorists waited respectfully behind it never touching their horns until it drove on later on the researchers asked college students what they would have done in such situations compared to the true findings of the experiment the students consistently underestimated the time it would take them to honk at the luxury car the male students were especially inaccurate feeling that they would honk faster at the prestige than the economy car driver of course the study itself showed just the opposite note the similarity of this pattern to much other research on Authority pressures as in milgram's research the midwestern Hospital nurses study and the security guard uniform experiment people were unable to predict correctly how they or others would react to Authority influence in each instance the effect of such influence was grossly underestimated this property of authority status May account for much of its success as a compliance device not only does it work forcefully on us but it also does so unexpectedly how to say no one protective tactic we can use against Authority status is to remove its element of surprise because we typically misperceive the profound impact of authority and its symbols on our actions we are at the disadvantage of being insufficiently cautious about its presence in compliant situations a fundamental form of defense against this problem therefore is a heightened awareness of authority power when this awareness is coupled with a recognition of how easily Authority symbols can be faked the benefit will be a properly guarded approach to situations involving Authority influence attempts sounds simple right and in a way it is a better understanding of the workings of authority influence should help us resist it yet there is a perverse complication The Familiar one inherent in all weapons of influence we shouldn't want to resist all together or even most of the time generally authority figures know what they are talking about Physicians judges corporate Executives legislative leaders and the like have typically gained their positions because of superior knowledge and judgment thus as a rule their directives offer excellent counsel the trick is to be able to recognize without much strain or vigilance when Authority promptings are best followed and when they should be resisted posing two questions to ourselves can help enormously to accomplish this trick the first is to ask when we are confronted with what appears to be an authority figures influence attempt is this Authority truly an expert the question is helpful because it focuses our attention on a pair of crucial pieces of information the Authority's credentials and the relevance of those credentials to the top at Hand by orienting in this simple way toward the evidence for Authority status we can avoid the major pitfalls of automatic difference an illustration or two is in order let's examine the highly successful Robert Young sank a coffee commercial in this light if rather than responding to his Marcus Welby MD Association people had focused on Mr Young Young's actual status as an authority I am confident that the commercial would not have had so long in productive a run obviously Robert Young does not possess a physician's training or knowledge we all know that what he does possess however is a physician's title MD now clearly it is an empty title connected to him in our minds through the device of play acting we all know that too but isn't it fascinating how when we are woring along what is obvious often doesn't matter unless we pay specific attention to it the that is why the is this Authority truly an expert question can be so valuable it brings our attention to the obvious it channels us effortlessly away from a focus on possibly meaningless symbols to a consideration of genuine credentials what's more the question impels us to distinguish between relevant authorities and irrelevant authorities and this is a distinction that is easy to forget when the push of authority pressure is combined with the rush of Modern Life the Texas pedestrians who bustled into City traffic behind a business suited jwalker offer a prime example even if the man had been the business Authority his clothes suggest that he might be he was unlikely to be a greater Authority on crossing the street than other people including those who followed him into traffic still they did follow as if his label Authority overwhelmed the vital difference between relevant and irrelevant forms had they bothered to ask themselves whether he represented a true expert in the situation someone whose actions reflected Superior knowledge there I expect the result would have been quite different the same process applies to Robert Young a man who is not without expertise he has fashioned a long career with many achievements in a difficult business but his skills and knowledge are as an actor not a doctor when in viewing the famous Coffee commercial we focus on his true credentials we will realize quickly that he should be no more believed than any other successful actor who claims that senka is healthy suppose though we are confronted with an authority we determine is a relevant expert before submitting to Authority influence it would be wise to ask a second simple question how truthful can we expect the expert to be here authorities even the best informed may not present their information honestly to us therefore we need to consider their trustworthiness in the situation in fact most of the time we do we allow ourselves to be much more swayed by experts who seem to be impartial than those who have something to gain by convincing us and this has been shown by research to be true around the world by wondering how an expert stands to benefit from our compliance we give ourselves another safety net against undue and automatic influence even knowledgeable authorities in a field will not Pres wait us until we are satisfied that their messages represent the facts Faithfully when asking ourselves about such a person's trustworthiness we should keep in mind a little tactic compliance practitioners often use to assure us of their sincerity they will seem to argue to a degree against their own interests correctly done this can be a subtly effective device for proving their honesty perhaps they will mention a small shortcoming in their position or product Oh the disadvantages of Benson and hedges invariably though the drawback will be a secondary one that is easily overcome by more significant advantages Listerine the taste you hate three times a day Avis we're number two but we try harder L'Oreal a bit more expensive and worth it by establishing their basic truthfulness on minor issues the compliance professionals who use this Ploy can then be more believable when stressing the important aspects of their argument I have seen this approach used with devastating effect in a place that few of us recognize as a compliant setting the restaurant it is no secret that because of shamelessly low wages servers and restaurants must supplement their earnings with tips leaving the sin quanon of good service aside the most successful waiters and waitresses know certain tricks for increasing tips they also know that the larger a customer bill the larger amount of money likely to come to them in a standard gratuity in these two regards then building the size of a customer's charge and building the percentage of that charge that is given as a tip servers regularly act as compliance agents hoping to find out how they operate I applied for waiter openings at several fairly expensive restaurants without experience though the best I could do was to land a bus boy job that as things turned out provided me a propitious vantage point from which to watch and analyze the action before long I realized what the other employees already knew that the most successful waiter in the place was Vincent who somehow arranged for patrons to order more and tip higher than for anyone else in fact the other servers were not even close to him in weekly earnings so I began to linger in my duties around Vincent's tables to observe his style I quickly learned that his style was to have no single style he had a repertoire of them each ready to be called on under the appropriate circumstances when the customers were a family he was effervescent even slightly clownish directing his remarks as often to the children as to the adults with a young couple on a date he became formal and a bit imperious in an attempt to intimidate the young man to whom he spoke exclusively into ordering and tipping lavishly with an older married couple he retained the formality but dropped the Superior Heir in favor of a respectful orientation to both members of the couple should the patron be dining alone Vincent selected a friendly demeanor cordial conversational and warm but Vincent reserved the trick of seeming to argue against his own interests for large parties of 8 to 12 people here his technique was veined with genius when it was time for the first person normally a lady to order he went into his act no matter what she selected Vincent reacted ident ically his brow furrowed his hand hovered above his order pad and after looking quickly over his shoulder for the manager he leaned conspiratorially toward the table to report for all to hear I'm afraid that is not as good tonight as it normally is might I recommend instead the blank or the blank here Vincent suggested a pair of menu items that were 50 cents or so less expensive than the dish the patron had selected initially they are both excellent tonight with this single manuver Vincent engaged several important principles of influence first even those who did not take his suggestions felt that Vincent had done them a favor by offering valuable information to help them order everyone felt grateful and consequently the rule for reciprocity would work in his favor when it came time to decide on his gratuity but besides hiking the percentage of his tip Vincent's maneuver also placed him in a favorable position to increase the size of the table's order it established him him as an authority on the current stores of the house he clearly knew what was and wasn't good that night moreover and this is where seeming to argue against his own interests came in it proved him to be a trustworthy informant because he recommended dishes that were slightly less expensive than originally ordered rather than trying to line his own Pockets he seemed to have the customers best interests at heart to all appearances he was at once knowledgeable and honest a combination that gave him great cred ability and Vincent was quick to exploit the advantage of this credible image when the party had finished giving their food orders he would say very well and would you like me to suggest or select some wine to go with your meals as I watched the scene repeated almost nightly there was a notable consistency to the customer's reactions Smiles nods and for the most part General Ascent even from the distance of my vantage point one could read their thoughts from their faces sure they seemed to say you know what's good here and you're obviously on our side tell us what to get looking pleased Vincent who did know his vintages would respond with some excellent and costly choices he was similarly persuasive when it came time for dessert decisions patrons who otherwise would have passed up the dessert course or shared with a friend were swayed to partake fully by Vincent's rapturous descriptions of the baked Alaska and Chocolate Moose who after all is more believable than a demonstrated expert of proven sincerity by combining the factors of reciprocity and credible Authority into a single elegant maneuver Vincent was able to inflate substantially both the percentage of his tip and the base charge on which it was figured his proceeds from this trick were handsome indeed but notice that much of his profit came from an apparent lack of concern for personal profit seeming to argue against his financial interests served those interests extremely well readers report from a young businessman about 2 years ago I was trying to sell my old car because I'd already bought a new one one day I passed a used car lot with a sign reading we will sell your car for more just what I wanted I thought so I stopped him to talk with the owner I told him I wanted to get about $3,000 for my old car and he said he thought I should be asking for a lot more because it was worth at least $3,500 this came as a real surprise to me because the way their Consignment system worked the larger my asking price for the car the less money was left over for them to keep after they sold it to somebody therefore by telling me to ask for more than $33,000 they were cutting off their own profits just like your Vincent the waiter example they were seeming to argue against their own interests so I'd see them as trustworthy authorities but I didn't realize this until much later anyway I went along with the owner's idea that my car was worth more than I'd first thought and I set my asking price at $3,500 after they'd had my car on their lot for a couple of days they called saying that someone was really interested in it but that the price was a little too high would I be willing to drop my price by $200 to sell the car convinced that they had my interests at heart I agreed the next day they called back to say the buyer's financing had fallen through and that he couldn't buy the car in the next two weeks I got two more calls from the dealership each asking me to drop my price $200 to seal a sale to some customer both times I okay it because I still believed they were trustworthy but each time the alleged deal fell through I was suspicious enough to call a friend whose family was in the car business he said this was an old trick designed to get sellers like me to reduce their asking prices to super low levels giving the dealership big profits when they finally sold the car so I went over there took my car as I was leaving they were still trying to persuade me to let them keep it because they had a hot Prospect who they were sure would bite if I'd only knock off $200 once again in a reader report we can see the influence of the contrast principle combining with the principle of primary interest in this case after the $3,500 figure was set each $200 Nick seemed small by comparison chapter 7 scarcity the rule of the few the way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost GK Chesterton the city of Mesa Arizona is a suburb in the Phoenix area where I live perhaps the most notable features of Mesa are its sizable Mormon population next to that of Salt Lake City the largest in the world and a huge Mormon Temple located on exquisitely kept grounds in the center of the city although I had appreciated the landscaping and architecture from a distance I had never been interested enough in the temple to go inside until the day I read a newspaper article that told of a special inner sector of Mormon temples to which no one has access but faithful members of the church even potential converts must not see it there is one exception to the rule however for a few days immediately after a temple is newly constructed non-members are allowed to tour the entire structure including the otherwise Restricted Section the newspaper story reported that the Mesa Temple had recently been refurbished and that the renovations had been extensive enough to classify it as new by Church standards thus for the next several days only non-mormon visitors could see the temple area traditionally banned to them I remember quite well the effect of the article on me I immediately resolved to take a tour but when I phoned a friend to ask if he wanted to come along I came to understand something that changed my decision just as quickly after declining the invitation my friend wondered why I seemed so intent on a visit I was forced to admit that no I had never been inclined toward the idea of a temple tour before that I had no questions about the Mormon religion I wanted answered that I had no general interest in the architecture of houses of worship and that I expected to find nothing more spectacular or stirring than I might see at a number of other temples churches or cathed rals in area it became clear as I spoke that the special lure of the temple had a sole cause if I did not experience the restricted sector shortly I would never again have the chance something that on its own merits held little appeal for me had become decidedly more attractive merely because it would soon become unavailable since that encounter with the scarcity principle that opportunities seem more valuable to us when their availability is limited I have begun to notice its influence over a whole range of my actions for instance I routinely will interrupt an interesting face to-face conversation to answer the Ring of an unknown caller in such a situation the caller has a compelling feature that my face-to-face partner does not potential unavailability if I don't take the call I might miss it and the information it carries for good never mind that the ongoing conversation may be highly engaging or important much more than I could reasonably expect an average phone call to be with each unanswered ring the phone interaction becomes less retrievable for that reason and for that moment I want it more than the other the idea of potential loss plays a large role in human decision-making in fact people seem to be more motivated by the thought of losing something than by the thought of gaining something of equal value for instance homeowners told how much money they could lose from inadequate insulation are more likely to insulate their homes than those told how much money they could save similar results have been obtained by Health researchers pamphlets urging young women to check for breast cancer through self-examinations are significantly more successful if they State their case in terms of what stands to be lost EG you can lose several potential health benefits by failing to spend only 5 minutes each month doing breast self-examination rather than gained EG you can gain several potential health benefits by spending only 5 minutes each month doing breast self-examination collectors of everything from baseball cards to antiques are keenly aware of the influence of the scarcity principle in determining the worth of an item as a rule if it is rare or becoming rare it is more valuable especially enlightening as to the importance of scarcity in the Collectibles Market is the phenomenon of the precious mistake flawed it items a blurred stamp or a double struck coin are sometimes the most valued of all thus a stamp carrying a three-eyed likeness of George Washington is anatomically incorrect aesthetically unappealing and yet highly sought after there is instructive irony here imperfections that would otherwise make for rubbish make for prized possessions when they bring along an abiding scarcity with the scarcity principle operating so powerfully on the worth we assign things it is is natural that compliance professionals will do some related operating of their own probably the most straightforward use of the scarcity principle occurs in the limited number tactic when the customer is informed that a certain product is in short supply that cannot be guaranteed to last long during the time I was researching compliance strategies by infiltrating various organizations I saw the limited number tactic employed repeatedly in a range of situations there aren't more than five convert with this engine left in the state and when they're gone that's it cuz we're not making them anymore this is one of only two unsold Corner Lots in the entire development you wouldn't want the other one it's got a nasty East West exposure you may want to think seriously about buying more than one case today because production is backed way up and there's no telling when we'll get any in sometimes the limited number information was true sometimes it was wholly false but in each instance the intent was to convince a customer of an item scarcity and thereby increase its immediate value in their eyes I admit to developing a grudging admiration for the practitioners who made this simple device work in a multitude of ways and styles I was most impressed however with a particular version that extended the basic approach to its logical extreme by selling a piece of merchandise at its scarcest point when it seemingly could no longer be had the tactic was played to perfection in one appliance store I investigated where 30 to 50% of the stock was regularly listed as on sale suppose a couple in the store seemed from a distance to be moderately interested in a certain sale item there are all sorts of cues that tip off such interest closer than normal examination of the appliance a casual look at any instruction booklets associated with the appliance discussions held in front of the appliance but no attempt to seek out a salesperson for further information after observing the couple so engaged A salesperson might approach and say I see you're interested in this model here and I can understand why it's a great machine at a great price but unfortunately I sold it to another couple not more than 20 minutes ago and if I'm not mistaken it was the last one we had the customer's disappointment registers unmistakably because of its lost availability the appliance jumps suddenly in attractiveness typically one of the customers asks if there's any chance that an sold model still exists in the store's back room Warehouse or other location well the salesperson allows that is possible and I'd be willing to check but do I understand that this is the model you want and if I can get it for you at this price you'll take it there in lies the beauty of the technique in accord with the scarcity principle the customers are asked to commit to buying the appliance when it looks least available and therefore most desirable many customers do agree to a purchase at this singularly vulnerable time thus when the salesperson invariably returns with the news that an additional supply of the appliance has been found it is also with a pen and sales contract in hand the information that the desired model is in good Supply may actually make some customers find it less attractive again but by then the business transaction has progressed too far for most people to reneg the purchase decision made and committed to publicly at an early or crucial Point still holds buy related to The Limited number technique is the deadline tactic in which some official time limit is placed on the customer's opportunity to get what the compliance professional is offering much like my experience with the Mormon temples inner sanctum people frequently find themselves doing what they wouldn't particularly care to do simply because the time to do so is shrinking the Adept merchandiser makes this tendency pay off by arranging and publicizing customer deadlines witness the collage of such newspaper ads in figure 73 that generate interest where none may have existed before concentrated instances of this approach often occur in movie advertising in fact I recently noticed that one theater owner with remarkable singleness of purpose had managed to invoke the scarcity principle three separate times in just five words that read exclusive limited engagement ends soon swindled by Peter Kerr New York Times New York Daniel gbin doesn't remember how his life savings disappeared he remembers the smooth voice of a Salesman on the telephone he remembers dreaming of a fortune and oil and silver Futures but to this day the 81-year-old retired utility worker does not understand how swindlers convinced him to part with $188,000 I just wanted to better my life in my waning days said gulin a resident of holder Florida but when I found out the truth I couldn't eat or sleep I lost 30 lounds I still can't believe I would do anything like that gulin was the victim of what law enforcement officials call a boiler room operation a rose that often involves dozens of FASTT talking telephone salesmen crammed into a small room where they call thousands of customers each day the company snare hundreds of millions of of dollars each year from unsuspecting customers according to a US Senate subcommittee on investigations which issued a report on the subject last year they use an impressive Wall Street address lies and deception to get individuals to SN their money into various glamorous sounding schemes said Robert Abrams the New York State Attorney General who has pursued more than a dozen Boiler Room cases in the past four years the victims are sometimes persuaded to invest the savings of a lifetime orestes J mahali the New York Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Bureau of investor protection and securities said the companies often operate in three stages first Mahal said comes the opening call in which a Salesman identifies himself as representing a company with an impressive sounding name and address he will simply ask the potential customer to receive the company's literature a second call involves a sales pitch mahali said the salesman first describes the great profits to be made and then tells the customer that is no longer possible to invest the third call gives the customer a chance to get in on the deal he said and is offered with a great deal of urgency the idea is to dangle a carrot in front of the buyer's face and then take it away Mahal said the aim is to get someone to want to buy quickly without thinking too much about it sometimes Mahal said the salesman will be out of breath on the third call and will tell the customer that he just came off the trading floor such tactics convinced goin to part with his life savings in 1979 a stranger called him repeatedly and convinced Goldin to wire $1,756 to New York to purchase silver Goldman said after another series of telephone calls the salesman cajoled Goldman into wiring more than $6,000 for crude oil he eventually wired an additional 9,740 but his profits never arrived my heart sank Goin recalled I was not greedy I just hoped I would see better days Goin never recouped his losses a variant of the deadline tactic is much favored by some face-to-face high pressure sellers because it carries the purest form of decision deadline right now customers are often told that unless they make an immediate decision to buy they will have to purchase the item at a higher price or they will be unable to purchase it at all a prospective health club member or automobile buyer might learn that the deal offered by the salesperson is good only for that one time should the customer leave the premises the deal is off one large child portrait photography company urges parents to buy as many poses and copies as they can afford because stocking limitations Force us to burn the unsold pictures of your children within 24 hours a door-to-door magazine solicitor might say that salespeople are in the customers area for just a day after that they and customers chance to buy their magazine package will be long gone a home vacuum cleaner operation I infiltrated instructed its sales trainees to claim I have so many other people to see that I have the time to visit a family only once it's a company policy that even if you decide later that you want this machine I can't come back and sell it to you this of course is nonsense the company and its representatives are in the business of making sales and any customer who called for another visit would be accommodated gladly as the company sales manager impressed on his trainees the true purpose of the can't come back claim has nothing to do with reducing overburdened sales schedules it is to keep the prospects from taking the time to think the deal over by scaring them into believing they can't have it later which makes them want it now Psychological reactants the evidence then is clear compliance practitioners Reliance on scarcity as a weapon of influence Is frequent wide ranging systematic and diverse whenever such is the case with the weapon of influence we can feel assured that the principle involved has notable power in directing Human Action in the instance of the scarcity principle that power comes from two major sources first is familiar like the other weapons of influence the scarcity principle trades on our weaknesses for shortcuts the weakness is as before an enlightened one in this case because we know that the things that are difficult to possess are typically better than those that are easy to possess we can often use an items availability to help us quickly and correctly decide on its quality thus one reason for the potency of the scarcity principle is that by following it we are usually and efficiently right in addition there is a unique secondary source of power within the scar Principle as opportunities become less available we lose freedoms and we hate to lose the freedoms we already have this desire to preserve our established prerogatives is the centerpiece of psychological reactant theory developed by psychologist Jack brim to explain the human response to diminishing personal control according to the theory whenever free choice is limited or threatened the need to retain our freedoms makes us desire them as as well as the goods and services associated with them significantly more than previously so when increasing scarcity or anything else interferes with our prior access to some item we will react against the interference by wanting and trying to possess the item more than before as simple as the kernel of the theory seems its shoots and Roots curl extensively through much of the social environment from the garden of young love to to the Jungle of armed Revolution to the fruits of the marketplace impressive amounts of our Behavior can be explained by examining for the tendrils of Psychological reactants before beginning such an examination though it would be helpful to know when people first show the desire to fight against restrictions of freedoms child psychologists have traced the tendency back to the start of the third year of Life a year independently identified as a problem by parents and widely known to them as the terrible twos most parents can attest to the development of a decidedly more contrary style in their children around this period two-year-olds seem masters of the art of resistance to outside especially parental pressure tell them one thing they do the opposite give them one toy they want another pick them up against their will they wriggle and squirm to be put down put them down against their will they claw and struggle to be carried one Virginia based study nicely captured the terrible twos style among boys who averaged 24 months in age the boys accompanied their mothers into a room containing two equally attractive toys the toys were always arranged so that one stood next to a transparent plexiglass barrier and the other stood behind the barrier for some of the boys the plexiglass sheet was only a foot tall forming no real barrier to the toy behind since the boys could easily reach over the top for the other boys however the plexiglass was 2T tall effectively blocking the boys's access to one toy unless they went around the barrier the researchers wanted to see how quickly the toddlers would make contact with the toys under these conditions their findings were clear when the barrier was too small to restrict access to the toy behind it the boys showed no special preference for either of the toys on the average the toy next to the barrier was touched just as quickly as the one behind but when the barrier was big enough to be a true obstacle the boys went directly to the obstructed toy making contact with it three times faster than with the unobstructed toy in all the boys in this study demonstrated the classic terrible tw's response to a limitation of their freedom outright Defiance why should Psychological reactants emerge at the age of two perhaps the answer has to do with a crucial change that most children go through around this time it is then they first come to a full recognition of themselves as individuals no longer do they view themselves as mere extensions of the social mil but rather as identifiable singular and separate this developing concept of autonomy brings naturally with it the concept of Freedom an independent being is one with choices and a child with a newfound realization that he or she is such a being will want to explore the length and breadth of the options perhaps we should be neither surprised nor distressed then when our 2-year-olds strain incessantly against our will they have come to a recent and exhilarating perspective on themselves as freestanding human entities vital questions of valtion entitlements and control now need to be asked and answered within their small minds the tendency to fight for every Liberty and against every restriction might be best understood as a quest for information by testing severely the limits of their freedoms and coincidentally the patience of their parents the children are discovering where in their worlds they can expect to be controlled and where they can expect to be in control as we will see later the wise parent provides highly consistent information although the terrible twos may be the most noticeable age of Psychological reactants we show the strong tendency to react against restrictions on our freedoms of action throughout our lives one other age does stand out however as a time when this tendency takes an especially rebellious form teenage like the twos this is a period characterized by an emerging sense of individuality for teenagers the emergence is from the role of child with all of its attendant parental control and toward the role of adult with all of its attendant rights and duties not surprisingly adolescents tend to focus Less on the duties than on the rights they feel they have as young not surprisingly again imposing traditional parental Authority at these times is often counterproductive the teenager will sneak scheme and fight to resist such attempts at control nothing illustrates the boomerang quality of Parental pressure on adolescent Behavior quite so clearly as a phenomenon known as the Romeo and Juliet effect as we know Romeo montigue and Juliet Capulet were the ill-fated Shakespearean characters whose love was doomed by a feud between their families defying all parental attempts to keep them apart the teenagers wanton a lasting Union in their tragic Act of twin suicide an ultimate assertion of free will the intensity of the couple's feelings and actions has always been a source of wonderment and puzzlement to observers of the play How could such inordinate devotion develop so quickly in a pair so young a romantic might suggest rare and perfect love a social scientist though might point to the role of Parental interference and the Psychological reactants it can produce perhaps The Passion of Romeo and Juliet was not initially so consuming that it transcended the extensive barriers erected by the families perhaps instead it was fueled to a white heat by the placement of barriers could it be that had the youngsters been left to their own devices their inflamed devotion would have amounted to no more than a flicker of puppy love because the story is fiction such questions are of course hypothetical and any answers to them are speculative however it is possible to ask and answer with more certainty similar questions about modern-day Romeos and Juliet's do couples suffering parental interference react by committing themselves more firmly to the partnership and falling more deeply in love according to a study done with 140 Colorado couples that is exactly what they do in fact the researchers found that although parental interference was linked to some problems in the relationship the partners viewed one another more critically and reported a greater number of negative behaviors than the other that interference also made the pair feel Greater Love and Desire for marriage during the course of the study as parental interference intensified so did the love experience and when the interference weakened romantic feelings actually cooled although the Romeo and jul atact among modern teenagers may seem cute to outside observers other manifestations of teenage reactants can prove tragic for more than a decade the major message of a massive advertising campaign for Virginia slim cigarettes has been that today's women have come a long way from the old days when they were required by social norms to be subdued proper and ladylike no longer imply these ads should a woman have to feel Bound by chauvinistic and outmoded constraints on her independ dependence and pointedly on her freedom to smoke cigarettes has the message been successful in triggering defiance of the old strictures among the target audience one dismaying statistic suggests a lamentable answer during the lengthy duration of this campaign the percentage of cigarette smokers has risen in only one US demographic group teenage women for twos and teens then Psychological reactants flows across the broad surface of experience always turbulent and forceful for most of the rest of us the pool of reactant energy lies quiet and covered erupting geyser likee only on occasion still these eruptions manifest themselves in a variety of fascinating ways that are of Interest not only to the student of human behavior but to lawmakers and policy makers as well for instance there's the odd case of kenesa Georgia the town that enacted a law requiring adult resident to own a gun and ammunition under penalty of 6 months in jail and a $200 fine all the features of the Kennesaw gun law make it a prime target for Psychological reactants the freedom that the law restricts is an important longstanding one to which most American citizens feel entitled furthermore the law was passed by the Kennesaw city council with a minimum of public input reactants Theory would predict that under these circumstances few of the adults in the the town of 5400 would obey yet newspaper reports testified that 3 to four weeks after passage of the law firearm sales in Kenesaw were no pun intended booming how are we to make sense of this apparent contradiction of the reactants principle by looking a bit more closely at those who were buying Kennesaw guns interviews with Kenesaw store owners revealed that the gun buyers were not Town residents at all but visitors many of them lured by publicity to purchase their initial gun in Kennesaw Donna green proprietor of a shop described in one newspaper article as a virtual grocery store of firearms summed up business is great but they're almost all being bought by people from out of town we've only had two or three local people buy a gun to comply with the law after passage of the law then gun buying had become a frequent activity in Kennesaw but not among those it was intended to cover they were massively non-compliant only those individuals whose freedom in the matter had not been restricted by the law had the inclination to live by it a similar situation arose a decade earlier and several hundred miles to the south of Kennesaw when Dade County containing Miami Florida imposed an anti phosphate ordinance prohibiting the use and possession of laundry or cleaning products containing phosphates a study done to determine the social impact of the law discovered two parallel reactions on the part of Miami residents first in what seems a Florida tradition many miamians turned to smuggling sometimes with neighbors and friends in large soap Caravans they drove to nearby counties to load up on phosphate detergents hoarding quickly developed and in the rush of obsession that frequently characterizes hoarders families were reported to boast of 20-year supplies of phosphate cleaners the second reaction to the law was more subtle and more General than the deliberate Defiance of the Smugglers hoarders spurred by the tendency to want what they could no longer have the majority of Miami consumers came to see phosphate cleaners as better products than before compared to Tampa residents who were not affected by the Dade County ordinance the citizens of Miami rated phosphate detergents as gentler more effective in cold water better whiteners and fresheners more powerful on stains after passage of the law they had even come to believe that phosphate detergents poured more easily than did the Tampa consumers this sort of response is typical of individuals who have lost an established freedom and is crucial to an understanding of how Psychological reactants and scarcity work on us when our freedom to have something is limited the item becomes less available and we experience an increased desire it however we rarely recognize that Psychological reactants has caused us to want the item more all we know is that we want it still we need to make sense of our desire for the item so we begin to assign it positive qualities to justify the desire after all it is natural to suppose that if one feels drawn to something it is because of the Merit of thing in the case of the Dade County anti fosfate law and in other instances a newly restricted availability that is a faulty supposition phosphate detergents clean whiten and pour no better after they are banned than before we just assume they do because we find that we desire them more the tendency to want what has been banned and therefore to presume that it is more worthwhile is not limited to such Commodities as laundry soap in fact the tendency is not limited to Commodities at all but extends to restrictions on information in an age when the ability to acquire store and manage information is becoming increasingly the determinant of wealth and power it is important to understand how we typically react to attempts to censor or otherwise constrain our access to information although much data exists on our reactions to various kinds of potentially censorable material media violence pornography radical political rhetoric there is surprisingly little evidence as to our reactions to the act of censoring them fortunately the results of the few studies that have been done on the topic are highly consistent almost invariably our response to the Banning of information is a greater desire to receive that information and a more favorable attitude toward it than before the man the Intriguing thing about the effects of censoring information is not that audience members want to have the information more than they did before that seems natural rather it is that they come to believe in the information more even though they haven't received it for example when University of North Carolina students learned that a speech opposing coed dorms on campus would be banned they became more opposed to the idea of coed dorms thus without ever hearing the speech they became more sympathetic to its argument this raises the worrisome possibility that especially clever individuals holding a weak or unpopular position can get us to agree with that position by arranging to have their message restricted the irony is that for such people members of Fringe political groups for example the most effective strategy may not be to publicize their unpopular views but to get those views officially censored and then to publicize the censorship perhaps the authors of this country's Constitution were acting as much as sophisticated social psychologists as staunch civil Libertarians when they wrote the remarkably permissive Free Speech provision of the first amendment by refusing to restrain freedom of speech they may have been attempting to minimize the chance that new political Notions would win report via the irrational course of Psychological reactants of course political ideas are not the only kind that are susceptible restriction access to sexually relevant material is frequently limited although not as Sensational as the occasional police crackdowns on adult bookstores and theaters regular pressure is applied by parents and by citizens groups to censor the sexual content of educational material ranging from sex education and hygiene texts to books on the shelves of School libraries both sides in the struggle seem to be well-intentioned and the issues are not simple since they involve such matters as morality art parental control over the schools and First Amendment freedoms but from a purely psychological point of view those favoring strict censorship may wish to examine closely the results of a study done on Purdue University undergraduates the students were shown some advertisements for a novel for half the students the advertising copy included the statement a book for adults only restricted to those 21 years and over the other half of the students read about no such age restriction on the book when the researchers later asked the students to indicate their feelings toward the book they discovered the same pair of reactions we have noted with other bands those who learned of the age restriction one wanted to read the book more and two believed that they would like the book more than did those who thought their access to the book was Unlimited it might be argued that although these results may be true for a small sample of sexually inclined college students they would not apply to students in Junior and senior high schools where the sex curricular battles are actually waged two factors make me doubt such an argument first developmental psychologists report that as a general style the desire to oppose adult control begins quite soon in adolescence around the start of the teenage years non-science ific observers have also noted the early rise of these strong oppositional Tendencies Shakespeare Scholars tell us placed Romeo and Juliet at the ages of 15 and 13 years respectively second the pattern of reactions exhibited by the produced students is not unique and thus can't be attributed to any great preoccupation with sex that college students may have the pattern is common to externally imposed restrictions in general limiting access to the book had the same effects hased Banning phosphate detergent in Florida or censoring a speech in North Carolina the people involved came to want the restricted item more and as a result came to feel more favorable toward it those who support the official Banning of sexually relevant materials from school curricula have the avowed purpose of reducing the orientation of the society especially its youth towards eroticism in the light of the produced study and in the context of other research on the effects of imposed rest straints one must wonder whether official censorship as a means may not be antithetical to the goal if we are to believe the implications of the research then the censorship is likely to increase the desire of students for sexual material and consequently to cause them to view themselves as the kind of individuals who like such material the term official censorship usually makes us think of bans on political or sexual material yet there is another common sort of official censorship that we don't think of in the same way probably because it occurs after the fact often in a jury trial a piece of evidence or testimony will be introduced only to be ruled inadmissible by the presiding judge who may then admonish the jurors to disregard that evidence from this perspective the judge may be viewed as a censor though the form of censorship is odd the presentation of the information to the jury is not banned it's too late for that it's the jury's use of the information that is banned how effective are such instructions from a judge and is it possible that for jury members who feel it is their right to consider all the available information Declarations of inadmissibility may actually cause Psychological reactants leading the jurors to use the evidence to a greater extent these are some of the questions asked in a large scale Jury Research project conducted by the University of Chicago Law School one reason the results of the Chicago jury project are informative is that the participants were individuals who were actually on jury duty at the time and who agreed to be members of experimental juries formed by the researchers these experimental juries then heard tapes of evidence from previous trials and deliberated as if they were deciding the case in the study most relevant to our interest in official censorship 30 such juries heard the case of a woman who was injured by a car driven by a careless male defendant the first finding of the study was no surprise when the driver said he had liability insurance the jurors awarded his victim an average of $44,000 more than when he said he had no insurance $37,000 versus $33,000 thus as insurance companies have long suspected juries make larger Awards to victims if an insurance company will have to pay the second finding of the study is the fascinating one though if the driver said he was insured and the judge ruled that evidence inadmissible directing the jury to disregard it the instruction to disregard had a boomerang effect causing an average Award of $46,000 so when certain juries learned that the driver was insured they increased the damage payment by $4,000 but when other juries were told officially that they must not use that information they used it still more increasing the damage payment by $113,000 it appears then that even proper official censorship in a courtroom setting creates problems for the sensor we react to information restriction there as usual by valuing the ban information more than ever the realization that we value limited information allows us to apply the scarcity principle to Realms Beyond material Commodities the principle works for messages Communications and knowledge too taking this perspective we can see that information may not have to be censored for us to Value it more it need only be scarce according to the scarcity principle then we will find a piece of information more persuasive if we think we can't get it elsewhere this idea that exclusive information is more persuasive information is Central to the thinking of two psychologists Timothy Brock and Howard frin who have developed a commodity Theory analysis of persuasion the strongest support I know for Brock and fren's Theory comes from a small experiment done by a student of mine at the time the student was also a successful businessman the owner of a beef importing company who had returned to school to get Advanced Training and marketing after we talked in my office one day about scarcity and exclusivity of information he decided to do a study using his sales staff the company's customers buyers for supermarkets or other retail food Outlets were phoned as usual by A salesperson and asked for a purchase in one of three ways one set of customers heard a standard sales presentation before being asked for their orders another set of customers heard the standard sales presentation plus information that the supply of imported beef was likely to be scarce in the upcoming months a third group received the standard sales presentation and the information about scarce supply of beef to however they also learned that the scarce Supply news was not generally available information it had come they were told from certain exclusive contacts that the company had thus the customers who received this last sales presentation learned that Not only was the availability of the product limited so also was the news concerning it the scarcity double wemy the results of the experiment quickly became apparent when the company's salespeople began to urge the owner to buy more beef because there wasn't enough in the inventory to keep up with all the orders they were receiving compared to the customers who got only the standard sales appeal those who were also told about the future scarcity of beef bought more than twice as much but the real boost in sales occurred among the customers who heard of the impending scarcity via exclusive information they purchased six times the amount that the customers who received only the standard sales pitch did apparently the fact that the news carrying the scarcity of information was itself scarce made it especially persuasive optimal conditions much like the other effective principle is more effective at times than at other times an important practical problem then is to find out when scarcity works best on us a great deal can be learned in this regard from an experiment devised by social psychologist Steven workel the basic procedure used by workl and his research team was simple participants in a consum preference study were given a chocolate chip cookie from a jar and asked to taste and rate its quality for half of the Raiders the jar contained 10 cookies for the other half it contained just two as we might expect from the scarcity principle when the cookie was one of the only two available it was rated more favorably than when it was one of 10 the cookie in short supply was rated as more desirable to eat in the future more attractive as a consumer item and more costly than theide identical cookie and abundant Supply although this pattern of results provides a rather striking validation of the scarcity principle it doesn't tell us anything we don't already know once again we see that a less available item is more desired and valued the real worth of a cookie study comes from two additional findings let's take them one at a time as each deserves a thorough consideration the first of these noteworthy results involved a small variation in the the experiment's basic procedure rather than raing the cookies under conditions of constant scarcity some participants were first given a jar of 10 cookies that was then replaced by a jar of two cookies thus before taking a bite certain of the participants saw their abundant supply of cookies reduced to a scarce Supply other participants however knew only scarcity of Supply from the outset since the number of cookies in their jars was left at two with this procedure the researchers were seeking to answer a question about types of scarcity do we value more those things that have recently become less available to us or those things that have always been scarce in the cookie experiment the answer was plain the drop from abundance to scarcity produced a decidedly more positive reaction to the cookies than did constant scarcity the idea that newly experienced scarcity is the more powerful kind applies to situations well beyond the bounds of the cookie study for example such scarcity is a primary cause of political turmoil and violence perhaps the most prominent proponent of this argument is James C Davies who states that we are most likely defin revolutions where a period of improving economic and social conditions is followed by a short sharp reversal in those conditions thus it is not the traditionally most downtrodden people who who have come to see their deprivation as part of the natural Order of Things who are especially liable to revolt instead revolutionaries are more likely to be those who have been given at least some Taste of a better life when the economic and social improvements they have experienced and come to expect suddenly become less available they desire them more than ever and often rise up violently to secure them Davies has gathered persuasive evidence for his novel thesis from a range of revolutions revolts and internal Wars including the French Russian and Egyptian revolutions as well as such domestic uprisings as D's rebellion in 19th century Rhode Island the American Civil War and the urban black Riots of the 1960s in each case a time of increasing well-being preceded a tight cluster of reversals that burst into violence the racial conflict in America's cities during the mid 1960s represents a case and point that many of recall at the time it was not uncommon to hear the question why now it didn't seem to make sense that within their 300-year history most of which had been spent in servitude and much of the rest in privation American blacks would choose these socially Progressive 60s in which to revolt indeed as Davies points out the two decades after the start of World War II had brought dramatic political and economic gains to the black population in 1940 blacks faced stringent legal restrictions in such areas as housing transportation and education moreover even with the same amount of Education the average black family earned only a bit more than half of its counterpart white family 15 years later much had changed Federal legislation had struck down as unacceptable formal and informal attempts to segregate blacks and Schools public places housing and employment settings large economic advances had been made too black family income had risen from 56% to 80% of that of a comparably educated white family but then according to davies's analysis of social conditions this rapid progress was styed by events that soured the heady optimism of previous years first political and legal change proved substantially easier to enact than change despite all the progressive legislation of the 40s and 50s blacks perceived that most neighborhoods jobs and schools remained segregated thus the Washington based victories came to feel like defeats at home for example in the four years following the US Supreme Court's 1954 decision to integrate all public schools blacks were the targets of 530 acts of violence direct intimidation of black children and parents bombings and burnings designed to prevent School integration this violence generated the perception of another sort of setback in Black progress for the first time since well before World War II when lynchings had occurred at an average rate of 78 per year blacks had to be concerned about the basic safety of their families the new violence was not limited to the education issue either peaceful civil rights demonstrations of the time were frequently confronted by hostile crowds police still another type of downturn occurred in pocketbook prog ress in 1962 the income of a black family had slid back to 74% of that of a similarly educated white family by davies's argument the most Illuminating aspect of this 74% figure is not that it represented a long-term increase in prosperity from pre-1940s levels but that it represented a short-term decline from the flush mid1 1950s levels in the next year came the Birmingham riots and in staccato succession scores of violent demonstrations building toward the major upheavals of Watts Newark and Detroit in keeping with a distinct historical pattern of Revolution blacks in the United States were more rebellious when their prolonged progress was curtailed somewhat than they were before it began this pattern offers a valuable lesson for wouldbe rulers when it comes to freedoms it is more dangerous to have given for a while than never to have given at all the problem for a government that seeks to improve the political and economic status of a traditionally oppressed group is that in so doing it establishes freedoms for the group where none existed before and should these now established freedoms become less available there will be an especially hot variety of hell to pay we can look to much more recent events in the former Soviet Union for evidence that this basic rule still holds after Decades of repression mik gorbachov began granting the Soviet populace new Liberties Privileges and choices via the twin policies of glassos perista alarmed by the direction their nation was taking a small group of government military and KGB officials staged to coup placing gorbachov under house arrest and announcing on August 19th 1991 that they had assumed power and were moving to reinstate the old order most of the world imagined that the Soviet people known for their characteristic acquiescence to subjugation would passively yield as they had always done Time Magazine editor Lance Morrow described his own reaction similarly at first the coup seemed to confirm the norm the news administered a dark shock followed immediately by depressed sense of resignation of course of course the Russians must revert to their essential selves to their own history gorbachov and glasnost were in aberration now we are back to fatal normality but these were not to be normal times for one thing gorbachov had not governed in the tradition of the Zars or Stalin or any of the line of oppressive post-war rulers who had not allowed even a breath of freedom to the masses he had seed them certain rights and choices and when these now established freedoms were threatened the people lashed out the way a dog would if someone tried taking a fresh bone from its mouth within hours of the Hun's announcement thousands were in the streets erecting barricades confronting armed troops surrounding tanks and defying curfews the uprising was so Swift so massive so unitary in its opposition to any Retreat from the gains of glassos that after only three rius days the astonished officials relented surrendering their power and pleading for Mercy from president gorbachov had they been students of history or of psychology the failed plotters would not have been so surprised by the title a wave of popular resistance that swallowed their coup from the vantage point of either discipline they could have learned an invariant lesson freedoms once granted will not be relinquished without a fight the lesson applies as well to the politics of family as country the parent who grants privileges or enforces rules erratically invites rebelliousness by unwittingly establishing freedoms for child the parent who only sometimes prohibits between me meal suets May create for the child the freedom to have such snacks at that point enforcing the rule becomes a much more difficult and explosive matter because the child is no longer merely lacking a never possessed right but is losing an established one as we have seen in the case of political freedoms and especially pertinent to the present discussion chocolate chip cookies people see a thing as more desirable when it as recently become less available than when it has been scarce all along we should not be surprised then when re SE Arch shows that parents who enforce discipline inconsistently produce generally rebellious children let's look back to the cookie study for another insight into the way we react to scarcity we've already seen from the results of that study that scarce cookies were rated higher than abundant cookies and that newly scarce cookies were rated higher still staying with the newly scarce cookies now there was a certain cookie that was the highest rated of all those that became less available because of a demand for them remember that in the experiment the participants who experienced new scarcity had been given a jar of 10 cookies that was then replaced with a jar of only two cookies actually the researchers did this in one of two ways to certain participants it was explained that some of their cookies had to be given away to other Raiders to supply the demand for cookies in the study to another set of participants it was explained that their number of cookies had to be reduced because the researcher had simply made a mistake AK and given them the wrong jar initially the results showed that those whose cookies became scarce through the process of social demand liked them significantly more than those whose cookies became scarce by mistake in fact the cookies made less available through social demand were rated the most desirable of any in the study this finding highlights the importance of competition and the pursuit of limited resources not only do we want the same item more when it is scarce we want it most when we are in competition for it advertisers often try to exploit this tendency in us in their ads we learn that popular demand for an item is so great that we must hurry to buy or we see a crowd pressing against the doors of a store before the start of a sale or we watch a flock of hands quickly deplete a supermarket shelf of a product there is more to such images than the idea of ordinary social proof the message is not just that the product is good because other people think so but also that we are are in direct competition with those people for it the feeling of being in competition for scarce resources has powerfully motivating properties the ardor of an indifferent lover surges with the appearance of a rival it is often for reasons of strategy therefore that romantic Partners reveal or invent the attentions of a new admirer salespeople are taught to play the same game with indecisive customers for example a realtor who is trying to sell a house to a fence sitting Prospect will sometimes call the prospect with news of another potential buyer who has seen the house liked it and is scheduled to return the following day to talk about terms when wholly fabricated the new bidder is commonly described as an outsider with plenty of money an outof State investor buying for tax purposes and a physician and his wife moving into town are favorites the tactic called in some circles goosing them off the fence can work devastatingly well the thought of losing out to a rival frequently turns a buyer from hesitant to zealous there is something almost physical about the desire to have a contested item Shoppers at Big closeout or bargain sales report being caught up emotionally in the event charged by the crush of competitors they swarm and struggle to claim merchandise they would otherwise disdain such Behavior brings to mind The Feeding Frenzy of wild indiscriminate eating among animal groups commercial fishermen exploit this phenomenon by throwing a quantity of loose bait to large schools of certain fish soon the water is a roing expanse of thrashing fins and snapping mouths competing for the food at this point the fishermen saved time and money by dropping unbated lines into the water since the crazed fish will bite ferociously at anything now including bare metal hooks there is a noticeable parallel between the ways that commercial fishermen and department stores generate a competitive Fury and and those they wish to hook to attract and arouse the catch fishermen scatter some loose bait called Chum for similar reasons department stores holding a bargain sale toss out a few especially good deals on prominently advertised items called loss leaders if the bait of either form has done its job a large and eager crowd forms to snap it up soon in the rush to score the group becomes agitated nearly blinded by the adversarial nature of the situation humans and fish alike lose perspective on what they want and begin striking at whatever is being contested one wonders whether the tuna flapping on a dry Deck with only a bare hook in its mouth shares the what hit me bewilderment of the Shopper arriving home with only a load of department store build lest we believe that the competition for limited resources fever occurs only in such unsophisticated forms of life as tuna and Bargain Basement shoppers we should examine the story behind a remarkable purchase decision made in 1973 by Barry Diller who was then vice president for Prime Time programming at the American Broadcasting Company but who has since been labeled the miracle Mogul by Time magazine in reference to his remarkable successes as head of Paramount Pictures and the Fox network he agreed to pay 3.3 million for a single television showing of the movie The Poseidon Adventure the figure is not worthy in that it greatly exceeded the highest price ever previously paid for a one-time movie showing $2 million for patent in fact the payment was so excessive that ABC figured to lose $1 million on the Poseidon showing as NBC vice president for special programs Bill stor declared at the time there's no way they can get their money back no way at all How Could An astute and experienced businessman like Diller go for a deal that would produce an expected loss of a million dollar the answer May lie in a second noteworthy aspect of the sale it was the first time that a motion picture had been offered to the networks in an open bid auction never before had the three major commercial networks been forced to battle for a scarce resource in quite this way the novel idea of a competitive auction was the brainchild of the movies flamboyant showman producer Irwin Allen and a 20th Century Fox vice president William self who must have been ecstatic about the outcome but how can we be sure that it was the auction format that generated the spectacular sales price rather than the Blockbuster quality of the movie itself some comments from the auction participants provide impressive evidence first came a statement from the Victor Barry Diller intended to set future policy for his Network in language sounding as if it could have escaped only from between clenched teeth he said ABC C has decided regarding its policy for the future that it would never again enter into an auction situation even more instructive are the remarks of dealer's rival Robert Wood then president of CBS Television who nearly lost his head and outbid his competitors at ABC and NBC we were very rational at the start we priced the movie out in terms of what it could bring in for us then allowed a certain value on top of that for exploitation but then the bidding started ABC opened with $2 million I came back with 2.4 ABC went to 2.8 and the fever of the thing caught us like a guy who had lost his mind I kept bidding finally I went to 3.2 and there came a moment when I said to myself good grief if I get it what the heck am I going to do with it when ABC finally topped me my main feeling was relief it's been very educational according to interviewer Bob McKenzie when wood made his it's been very educational statement he was smiling we can be sure that when ABC's Diller made his never again announcement he was not both men had clearly learned something from the great Poseidon auction but for one there had been a $1 million tuition charge fortunately there is a valuable but drastically less expensive lesson here for us too it is instructive to note that the smiling man was the one who had lost the the highly sought after prize as a general rule whenever the dust settles and we find losers looking and speaking like winners and vice versa we should be especially wary of the conditions that kicked up the dust in the present case open competition for a scarce Resource as the TV Executives now know Extreme Caution is advised whenever we encounter the devilish construction of scarcity plus rivalry how to say no it is easy enough to feel properly warned against scarcity pressures but it is substantially more difficult to act on that Warning part of the problem is that our typical reaction to scarcity hinders our ability to think when we watch something we want become less available a physical agitation sets in especially in those cases involving direct competition the blood comes up the focus Narrows and emotions rise as this visceral current advances the cognitive rational side retreats in the rush of arousal it is difficult to be calm and studied in our approach as CBS television's president Robert Wood commented in the wake of his besid and Adventure you get caught up in the Mania of the thing the acceleration of it logic goes right out the window here's our predicament then knowing the causes and workings of scarcity pressures may not be sufficient to protect us from them because knowing is a cognitive thing and cognitive processes are suppressed by our emotional reaction to scarcity in fact this may be the reason for the great effectiveness of scarcity tactics when they are employed properly our first line of defense against foolish Behavior a thoughtful analysis of the situation becomes less likely if because of brain clouding arousal we can't rely on our knowledge about the scarcity principle to stimulate properly cautious Behavior what can we use perhaps in fine Jiu-Jitsu style we can use the arousal itself as our Prime cue in this way we can turn the enemy's strength to our advantage rather than relying on a considered cognitive analysis of the entire situation we might simply tune ourselves to the internal visceral sweep for our Warning by learning to flag the experience of heightening arousal in a compliant situation we can alert ourselves to the Poss possibility of scarcity tactics there and to the need caution but suppose we accomplish this trick of using the rising tide of arousal as a signal to calm ourselves and to proceed with care what then is there any other piece of information we can use to help make a proper decision in the face of scarcity after all merely recognizing that we ought to move carefully doesn't tell us the direction in which to move it only provides the necessary context for a thoughtful decision fortunately there is information available on which we can base thoughtful decisions about scarce items it comes once again from the chocolate chip cookie study where the researchers uncovered something that seems strange but Rings true regarding scarcity even though the scarce cookies were rated as significantly more desirable they were not rated as any better tasting than the Abundant cookies so despite the increased yearning that scarcity caused the Raiders said they wanted to have more of the scarce cookies in the future and would pay a greater price for them it did not make the cookies taste one wit better therein lies an important Insight the joy is not in experiencing a scarce commodity but in possessing it it is important that we not confuse the two whenever we confront the scarcity pressures surrounding some item we must also confront the question of what it is we want from the item if the answer is that we want the thing for the social economic or psychological benefits of possessing something rare then fine scarcity pressures will give us a good indication of how much we would want to pay for it the less available it is the more valuable to us it will be but very often we don't want a thing purely for the sake of owning it we want it instead for its utility value we want to eat it or drink it or touch it or hear it or drive it or otherwise use it in such cases it is vital to remember that scarce things do not taste or feel or sound or ride or work any better because of their limited availability although this is a simple point it can often Escape us when we experience the heightened desirability that scarce items naturally possess I can cite a family example my brother Richard supported himself through school by employing a compliance trick that cashed in handsomely on the tend of most people to miss that simple point in fact his tactic was so effective that he had to work only a few hours each weekend for his money leaving the rest of the time free for his studies Richard sold cars but not in a showroom nor on a car lot he would buy a couple of used cars sold privately through the newspaper on one weekend and adding nothing but soap and water would sell them at a decided profit through the newspaper on the following weekend to do this he had to know three things first he had to know enough about cars to buy those that were offered for sale at the bottom of their Blue Book price range but could be legitimately resold for a higher price second once he got the car he had to know how to write a newspaper ad that would stimulate substantial buyer interest third once a buyer arrived he had to know how to use the scarcity principle to generate more desire for the car than it perhaps deserved Richard knew how to do all three for our purposes though we need to examine his craft with just the third for a car he had purchased on the prior weekend he would place an ad on the Sunday paper because he knew how to construct a good ad he usually received an array of calls from potential buyers on Sunday morning each Prospect who was interested enough to want to see the car was given an appointment time the same appointment time so if six people were scheduled they were all scheduled for say 2:00 that afternoon this little device of simultaneous scheduling paved the way for later compliance because it created an atmosphere of competition for a limited resource typically the first Prospect to arrive would begin a studied examination of the car and would engage in standard car buying Behavior such as pointing out any blemishes or deficiencies or asking if the price was negotiable the psychology of the situation changed radically however when the second buyer drove up the availability of the car to either Prospect suddenly became limited by the presence of the other often the earlier arrival inadvertently stoking the sense of rivalry would assert his right to primary consideration just a minute now I was here first if he didn't assert that right Richard would do it for him addressing the second buyer Richard would say excuse me but this other gentleman was here before you so can I ask you to wait on the other side of the driveway for a few minutes until he's finished looking at the car then if he decides he doesn't want it or if he can't make up his mind I'll show it to you Richard claims it was possible to watch the agitation grow on the first buyer's face his leisurely assessment of the cars pros and cons had suddenly become a Now or Never limited time only rush to decision over a contested resource if he didn't decide for the car at Richard's asking price in the next few minutes he might lose it for good to that that lurking newcomer over there for his part the second buyer would be equally agitated by the combination of rival and restricted availability he would Pace on the periphery visibly straining to get at this now more desirable hunk of metal should 2:00 appointment number one fail to buy or even fail to decide quickly enough 2:00 appointment number two was ready to pounce if these conditions alone were not enough to secure a favorable purchase decision immediately the Trap snapped surely shut as soon as the third 2:00 appointment arrived on the scene according to Richard stacked up competition was usually too much for the first Prospect to Bear he would end the pressure quickly by either agreeing to Richard's price or by leaving abruptly in the latter instance the second arrival would strike at the chance to buy out of a sense of relief coupled with a new feeling of rivalry with that that lurking newcomer over there all those buyers who contributed to my brother's college education failed to recognize a fundamental fact about their purchases the increased desire that spurred them to buy had little to do with the merits of the car that failure of recognition occurred for two reasons first the situation Richard arranged for them produced an emotional reaction that made it difficult for them to think straight second as a consequence they never stopped to think that the reason they wanted the car in the first place was to use it not merely to have it and the competition for a scarce resource pressures Richard applied affected only their desire to have the car in the sense of possessing those pressures did not affect the value of the car in terms of the real purpose for which they had wanted it should we find ourselves beset by scarcity pressures in a compliant situation then our best response would occur in a two-stage sequence as soon as we feel the tide of emotional arousal that flows from scarcity influences we should use that rise and arousal as a signal to stop short panicky feverish reactions have no place in Wise compliance decision we need to calm ourselves and regain a rational perspective once that is done we can move to the second stage by asking ourselves why we want the item under consideration if the answer is that we want it primarily for the purpose of owning it then we should use its availability to help gauge how much we want to spend for it however if the answer is that we want it primarily for its function that is we want something good to drive drink eat Etc then we must remember that the the item under consideration will function equally well whether scarce or plentiful quite simply we need to recall that the scarce cookies didn't taste any better reader report from a blackburg Virginia woman Last Christmas I met a 27-year-old man I was 19 although he really wasn't my type I went out with him probably because it was a status thing to date an older man but I really didn't become interested in him until my folks expressed their concerned about his age the more they got on my case about it the more in love I became it only lasted 5 months but this was about 4 months longer than it would have lasted if my parents hadn't said anything although Romeo and Juliet have long since passed away it appears that the Romeo and Juliet effect is alive and well and making regular appearances in places like blackburg Virginia epilog instant influence primitive consent for an automatic age every day and every way I'm getting better Emil KU every day and every way I'm getting busier Robert chalini back in the 1960s a man named Joe Pine hosted a rather remarkable TV talk show that was syndicated from California the program was made distinctive by Pine's costic and confrontational Style with his guests for the most part a collection of exposure hungry entertainers would be celebrities and representatives of Fringe political or social organizations the host's abrasive approach was designed to provoke his guests into arguments to fluster them into embarrassing Admissions and generally to make them look foolish it was not uncommon for Pine to introduce a visitor and launch immediately into an attack on the individual's beliefs Talent or appearance some people claimed that Pine's acid personal style was partially caused by a leg amputation that had embittered him to life others said no that he was just vituperous by nature one evening rock musician Frank Zappa was a guest on the show this was at a time in the 60s when very long hair on men was still unusual and controversial as soon as Zappa had been introduced and seated the following exchange occurred Pine I guess your long hair makes you a girl Zappa I guess your wooden leg makes you a table aside from containing What may be my favorite adlib the above dialogue illustrates a fundamental theme of this book very often in making a decision about someone or something we don't use all the relevant available information we use instead only a single highly representative piece of the total and an isolated piece of information even though it normally counts us correctly can lead us to clearly stupid mistakes mistakes that when exploited by clever others leave us looking silly or worse at the same time a complicating companion theme has been present throughout this book despite the susceptibility to stupid decisions that accompanies a Reliance on a single feature of the available data the pace of Modern Life demands that we frequently use this shortcut recall that early in chapter 1 our shortcut approach was likened to the automatic responding of lower animals whose elaborate Behavior patterns could be triggered by the presence of a lone stimulus feature a cheap cheap sound a shade of red breast feather or a specific sequence of light flashes the reason infr humans must often rely on such solitary stimulus features is their restricted mental capability their small brains cannot begin to register and process all the relevant information in their environments so these species have evolved special sensitivities to certain aspects of the information because those selected aspects of information are normally enough to cue a correct response the system is usually very efficient whenever a female turkey hears cheap cheep click were out rolls the proper maternal behavior in a mechanical fashion that conserves much of her limited brain power for dealing with the variety of other situations and choices she must face in her day we of course have vastly more effective brain mechanisms than mother turkeys or any other animal group for that matter we are unchallenged in the ability to take into account a multitude of relevant facts and consequently to make good decisions indeed it is this information processing advantage over other species that has helped make us the dominant form of life on the planet still we have our Capac capity limitations too and for the sake of efficiency we must sometimes Retreat from the timeconsuming sophisticated fully informed brand of decision-making to a more automatic primitive single feature type of responding for instance in deciding whether to say yes or no to a requester it is clear that we frequently pay attention to but one piece of the relevant information in the situation we have been exploring several of the most popular of the single pieces of information that we use to prompt our decisions they are the most popular prompts precisely because they are the most reliable ones those that normally point us toward the correct choice that is why we employ the factors of reciprocation consistency social proof liking Authority and scarcity so often and so automatically in making our decisions each by itself provides a highly reliable cue as to when we will be better off saying yes then no we are likely to use these lone cues when we don't have the inclination time energy or cognitive resources to undertake a complete analysis of the situation where we are rushed stressed uncertain indifferent distracted or fatigued we tend to focus on less of the information available to us when making decisions under these circumstances we often revert to the rather primitive but necessary single piece of good evidence approach all this leads to a jarring Insight with the sophisticated mental apparatus we have used to build World Eminence as a species we have created an environment so complex fast-paced and information Laden that we must increasingly deal with it in the fashion of the animals we long ago transcended John Stewart Mill the British Economist political thinker and philosopher of science died more than a hundred years ago the year of his death 1873 is important because he is reputed to have been the last man to know everything there was to know in the world today the notion that one of us could be aware of all known facts is laughable after eons of slow accumulation human knowledge has snowballed into an era of momentum fed multiplicative monstrous expansion we now live in a world where most of the information is less than 15 years old in certain fields of science alone for example physics knowledge is said to double every eight years and the scientific information explosion is not limited to such Arcane Arenas as molecular chemistry or quantum physics but extends to Everyday areas of knowledge where we strive to keep ourselves current health Child Development nutrition and the like what's more this rapid growth is likely to continue since 90% of all scientists who have ever lived are work working today apart from the streaking advance of science things are quickly changing much closer to home in his book Future Shock Alvin Toffler provided early documentation of the unprecedented and increasing rapidity of modern daily life we travel more and faster we relocate more frequently to new residences which are built and torn down more quickly we contact more people and have shorter relationships with them in the Supermarket car showroom and shopping mall we are faced with an array of choices among Styles and products that were unheard of the previous Year and may well be obsolete or forgotten by the next novelty transience diversity and acceleration are acknowledged as Prime descriptors of civilized existence this Avalanche of information and choices is made possible by burgeoning technological progress leading the way our developments and our ability to collect store retrieve and communicate information at first the fruits of such advances were limited to large organizations government agencies or powerful corporations for example speaking as chairman of City Corp Walter riston could say of his company we have tied together a database in the world that is capable of telling almost anyone in the world almost anything immediately but now with further developments in telecommunication and computer technology access to such staggering amounts of information is falling within the reach of individual citizens extensive cable and satellite television systems provide one route for that information into the average home the other major route is the personal computer in 1972 Norman McRae an editor of The Economist speculated prophetically about a time in the future the prospect is after all that we are going going to enter an age when any Duffer sitting at a computer terminal in his laboratory or office or public library or home can delve through unimaginable increased mountains of information in Mass assembly data banks with mechanical powers of concentration and calculation that will be greater by a factor of tens of thousands than was ever available to the human brain of even an Einstein one short decade later Time Magazine signaled that mccre pH future age had arrived by naming a machine the personal computer as its Man of the Year times editors defended their choice by citing the consumer Stampede to purchase small computers and by arguing that America and in a larger perspective the entire world will never be the same mcrae's vision is now being realized millions of ordinary duffers are sitting at machines with the potential to present and anal ize enough data to bury an Einstein because technology can evolve much faster than we can our natural capacity to process information is likely to be increasingly inadequate to handle the surfit of change choice and challenge that is characteristic of Modern Life more and more frequently we will find ourselves in the position of the lower animals with a mental apparatus that is unequipped to deal thoroughly with the intricacy and richness of the environment unlike the animals whose cognitive Powers have always been relatively deficient we have created our own deficiency by constructing a radically more complex world but the consequence of our new deficiency is the same as that of the animal's long-standing one when making a decision we will less frequently enjoy the luxury of a fully considered analysis of the total situation but will revert increasingly to a focus on a single usually reli reliable feature of it when those single features are truly reliable there is nothing inherently wrong with the shortcut approach of narrowed attention and automatic response to a particular piece of information the problem comes when something causes the normally trustworthy cues to counsel us poorly to lead us to erroneous actions and wrong-headed decisions as we have seen one such cause is the trickery of certain compliance practitioners who seek to profit from the rather mindless and mechanical nature of shortcut response if as seems true the frequency of shortcut response is increasing with the pace and form of Modern Life we can be sure that the frequency of this trickery is destined to increase as well what can we do about the expected intensified attack on our system of shortcuts more than evasive action I would urge forceful counter assault there is an important qu ification however compliance professionals who play fairly by the rules of shortcut response are not to be considered the enemy on the contrary they are our allies in an efficient and adaptive process of exchange the proper targets for counter aggression are only those individuals who falsify counterfeit or misrepresent the evidence that naturally cues our shortcut responses let's take an illustration from what is perhaps our most frequently used used shortcut according to the principle of social proof we often decide to do what other people like us are doing it makes all kinds of sense since most of the time an action that is popular in a given situation is also functional and appropriate thus an Advertiser who without using deceptive statistics provides information that a brand of toothpaste is the largest selling or fastest growing has offered us valuable evidence about the quality of the product and the probability that we will like it provided that we are on the market for a tube of good toothpaste we might want to rely on that single piece of information popularity to decide to try it this strategy will likely steer us right will unlikely steer us far wrong and will conserve our cognitive energies for dealing with the rest of our increasingly information Laden decision overloaded environment The Advertiser who allows us to use effectively this efficient strategy is hardly our antagonist but rather must be considered a cooperating partner the story becomes quite different however should a compliance practitioner try to stimulate a shortcut response by giving us a fraudulent signal for it the enemy is the advertiser who seeks to create an image of popularity for a brand of toothpaste by say constructing a series of staged unrehearsed interview commercials in which an array of actors posing as ordinary citizens praise the product here where the evidence of popularity is counterfeit we the principle of social proof and our shortcut response to it are all being exploited in an earlier chapter I recommended against the purchase of any product featured in a fake unrehearsed interview ad and I urg that we send the product manufacturers letters detailing the reason and suggesting that they dismiss their advertising agency I would recommend extending this aggressive stance to any situation in which a compliance professional abuses the principle of social proof or any other weapon of influence in this manner we should refuse to watch TV programs that use canned laughter if we see a bartender beginning a shift by salting his tip jar with a bill or two of his own he should get none from us if after waiting in line outside a nightclub we discover from the amount of available space that the weight was designed to impress passers by with false evidence of the club's popularity we should leave immediately and announce our reason to those still in line in short we should be willing to use boycott threat confrontation censure tiate nearly anything to retaliate I don't consider myself pugnacious by nature but I actively Advocate such belligerent actions because in a way I am at war with the exploiters we all are it is important to recognize however that that their motive for profit is not the cause for hostilities that motive after all is something we each share to an extent the real treachery and the thing we cannot tolerate is any attempt to make their profit in a way that threatens the reliability of our shortcuts the blitz of modern daily life demands that we have faithful shortcuts sound rules of thumb to handle it all these are not luxuries any longer they are out andout Necessities that figure to become increasingly vital as the pulse of daily life quickens that is why we should want to retaliate whenever we see someone betraying one of our rules of thumb for profit we want that rule to be as effective as possible but to the degree that its Fitness for duty is regularly undercut by the tricks of a propheter we naturally will use it less and will be less able to cope efficiently with the decisional burdens of our day we cannot allow that without a fight the stakes have gotten too high

  Top Comments:
  1. @anourae [19 likes]: I’ve already read it, but hormozi said to listen to the audiobook of a book you are reading, listening to this after already reading it’s forcing my brain to remember things I might’ve zoned out for. Thanks for an ad free book sir.
  2. @shubhgupta623: 2:56:15
  3. @shubhgupta623: 2:29:00
  4. @BenardBN: I like this one
  5. @ingphillip: Great book, learning about influence 😅
  6. @bishopslaughterx: 0:00:00 Introduction
  7. @Evan-p5n1f: 51:45
  8. @GauravSingh-bn6lw: Chapter 1: 8:58
Chapter 2: 41:31
Chapter 3: 2:08:22
Chapter 4: 4:14:31
Chapter 5: 6:07:07
Chapter 6: 7:37:29
Chapter 7: 8:36:52
Chapter 8: 9:48:20
  9. @b3makinn: Michael Knowles reading this whole book is pretty nuts
  10. @b3makinn: I
4:19:00
  11. @YesitsCrossKing: I’m here
  12. @Iuminya: 5:56:36 narrator broke 💀
  13. @johnm4854: 4:14:31 7:25:09
  14. @vishalv06: Like it, now could you please upload The Art Of Manipulation
  15. @b3makinn: 3:00:00
  16. @b3makinn: 1:51:12
  17. @b3makinn: 58:33
  18. @b3makinn: 41:31
  19. @ryanjames2673: Great book
  20. @niksjasinskis1108: 3:50:00

- The PSYCHOLOGICAL TRICKS To Persuade & Influence ANYONE! | Robert Cialdini & Lewis Howes: Kind: captions Language: en people think that the way to make an appeal or a message more successful is what you put into the message and that's those seven principles right so that's true but it turns out there's research to show what you say or do before you ever send your message puts people in a i think you gotta have a dream the school of greatness yeah please welcome us the first one which is i think is reciprocity reciprocation i guess you'd call it yeah why is that it's kind of like the old give and take you know let me give you something and then you want to give me something in return how did that come about as a main i guess law of influence for you well you know it came about in the way that all of them did which was um that i decided i needed to get out of my laboratory and off my college campus to really understand what were the factors that moved people powerfully and consistently in the direction of a communicator's request or proposal recommendation and i did it by answer answering ads for um to be uh trained to be trained in any of the major influence professions of our society i took training and how to sell automobiles how to sell insurance how to sell portrait vlog photography over the phone but i didn't stop there i also did the same thing infiltrated training programs incognito disguised identity disguised intent they didn't know why i was there i was there to learn what they had learned over decades and decades of what moves people in their direction so i did that with fundraisers i did it with recruiters i even did it with cult uh how do the cults get us to move in to their orbit and keep us there and what i looked for were the commonalities what worked across all of those various influenced professions whose economic livelihood after all depends on the success of getting people to say yes to to them and what i found just shocked me in how small the footprint was i only counted six universal principles of influence that seem to work in each of those domains to move people and the first one as you rightly suggested was the rule for reciprocation that says people feel a drive to give back to others who have first given to them right so there are a lot there are a lot of different ways that we can move people in our direction one is if people see that they owe us they say yes to us they say yes to the next request we make of them so what it means is that we have to go first we have to give benefits we have to give information we have to give advantages we have to give concessions and that com that flows back to us by rule that exists in every human culture turns out the anthropologists have shown us there's not a single human society that fails to train its its youth in this rule you must not take without giving in return so what it tells me is that we have to flip the script of the usual business arrangement with people where we say to them you do something for us first you buy my product you sign my contract you make a an agreement with me a commitment to me and then i will give back to you what i i hope you will examine yeah this one says yeah that's fine but there's another route where we go first we give and then people want by this rule to give to us there's a lovely study that was it's not even published yet conducted in mcdonald's restaurants in colombia and brazil so you know in south america where they did a promotion one week every family that came in the kids got a balloon as a nice thank you for coming in half of them got the balloon as they were leaving each of the kids got a balloon thank you for you know patronizing mcdonald's please come again the other half got the balloon as they entered those families sales went up yeah 25 more food wow now here's the thing a balloon for a balloon a simple little 10 cent balloon for a balloon now here's the thing i love about that if you look into the data closely that 25 increase in buy included 20 higher coffee orders the kids weren't offering getting the coffee the parents were the the parents were grateful for what their kids got and they were going to buy more this has to do with the last principle that we'll talk about later the principle of unity but here's the takeaway any favor you do for my child you have done for me interesting you make my child happy i'm happier and i want to thank you and i'm good that's right i'm not just thankful i'm obligated i'm i'm both grateful and obligated by this rule to to give in return why do we yeah why do we feel this obligation is it trained culturally or society is it kind of innate in our human dna or our psychology or the way our brain works the chemistry why are we why do we feel obligated to give something in return when someone gives something to us because the first of your uh candidates i think is the is the major one and that we are socialized from childhood into this rule it because that rule if it exists in any culture makes the culture thrive because people give back and forth they they'll it allows them to to be specialized in a particular area where they can have an input and then somebody gives them something that they don't have in their particular area and it also allows people to cooperate toward a common goal if this rule didn't exist why would i ever give something first to you right with the risk of losing it right for the first time in evolutionary history now there's a rule that allows us to give something without giving it away we don't give it away it comes back to us and so we're now freed to begin economic exchanges that require that we trust the other person will not just take this so you know in in every human language we have very nasty names for people who take without giving in return and we don't want to be saddled with those names i know in english we call them moochers right yes i've been that in my life when i had no money and i was broke and i was sleeping on my sister's couch for about a year and a half i was a moocher because i was like uh and it doesn't feel good off my sister eating her food you know not paying rent not working and i was like that's when i started to study your work you can't wait i mean you're on the balls of your feet waiting to get in a position to help in return when she might need something oh and that's that's all i wanted to do is constantly give back it's funny because i was talking about this a couple days ago actually for the last i don't know eight years i feel very uncomfortable when i go to dinner or lunch or coffee with someone i feel very uncomfortable for them paying for me i almost always pay almost always unless someone is like somehow sneaks their credit card in before me with you know with the waiter or something and it's because for almost two years i couldn't like everyone else had to pay for me and i feel i i feel obligated to pay the debt back isn't that interesting i feel obligated it's been a decade and i still feel like ah i just need to keep paying and paying like i feel the obligation and you know i don't feel bad about it it just feels hard to receive because i know that was a mooch for almost two years and uh you know you're i i believe you're close with adam grant who talks about this in his book give and take and then there's another book called giftology by john rulin i'm not both of those i've read and recommend yeah the principles of kind of giving first and not waiting for someone to buy but giving first i'm curious in the online marketing world where it seems like every website is trying to give you something to opt in is there ever too much uh saturation of giving where people or diminishes the opportunity to connect or someone to opt in or to buy is there ever kind of too much saturation where it numbs us or is this always going to work well it it is diminished where we don't see the gift as something genuine but just as a device that you give to everybody it's not you don't you're not trying to benefit me you're trying to just get me to feel uh obligated so for me there's good evidence on this it the more we can personalize what we give the more people feel like they really want to give back and uh here's another study that shows that it's also in a fast food restaurant people came into the shop and half of them were greeted warmly and then went to the counter another group of them was given a gift a little uh key ring a nice expensive key ring right and the third group was given a small cup of yogurt now those who were given the key ring bought 12 more food than those who weren't given anything just as we said right but those given the yogurt bought 24 more food why is that why do you go to a restaurant because you're hungry you're hungry so if you give me some food you i've personalized the gift to your challenges your needs what you prefer in that moment and i double wow your likelihood so it's not a random gift it's something you came in for already now i wonder if they did an extra study where it said you get to choose the flavor and it was specialized to you even more i wonder if that how that would work but that's a that's interesting i don't know uh there's uh there's another principle of social proof that we'll get to later yes that says if i let's say it's a dessert it was in a mcdonald's and they have various kinds of additions you can put on you know sprinkles or oreos if you if you tell people what the most popular addition is uh it it raises the willingness to get additions by 45 wow so we'll get to that the idea that uh you can ask people and give them an option and tell them in the in the process what a lot of people like them prefer yes i think yeah i think of c's candy um where you go in they give you a piece of free chocolate like you get to kind of pick the chocolate yeah yeah if you're liking it's like yeah i want this piece and they always give a free piece of chocolate to anyone and sometimes they'll give you a couple pieces where it's like now i want to buy more it's just this feeling of obligation of like of course i want to buy and just the fact that you know you can go into the store and get a free piece you could walk out if you want to but just knowing i can go into see's candy store i can get a piece of chocolate i want yeah i'm going to feel like obligated so i'm going to do it anyways but um to to your question how do you do this online yes how do you personalize well if you have a particular expertise right you know that people are following you because they want that particular thing you give them something like the top three things you can do to enhance your success on this particular topic in this particular dimension that you're that you're here for here or here are the top five mistakes that people should avoid in buying insurance or selecting uh you know motorcycle parts what whatever it is right it shouldn't be something that specifically enhances your business because that is seen as a device now that's just you're just promoting yourself no what will make you a better consumer a better uh reviewer a better uh decision maker in this particular field give that first right people will indebted as for that yeah i'm always of the mindset of like give as much of your best stuff up front for free like give as much value as possible and and let people just be like man this is unbelievable this is the authority which we'll go into a little bit later and when you showcase your value and people realize wow no one else in this space is giving like this i trust this person more i like this person more you know all the things that we're going to talk about here is that i agree with you on that and there are there are people who argue with me that no no no don't give away your best stuff no no don't you save that wait a minute how do people know what your best stuff is unless you give them a sample of it you gotta give a sample is there a diminishing return based on the season of your gift giving for example it doesn't seem like there is with sea's candy when people come in they've been doing this for probably decades where you get a free piece of chocolate but talking about in maybe the online marketing world or online business world if you're just giving the same pdf or video series or audio series for three five ten years in a row are there diminishing returns for that season should we be changing up the the give every six to 12 months have you seen any research around that yes we should because it turns out that what we give if it is new if it is unexpected it increases the likelihood of the amount that people give back to us because it's once again not just the same thing it's it's more personalized it's you've updated it for us so that makes it feel uh you know more unique yeah unique and and rare and interesting and all these things yeah um what else around reciprocation should we be aware of that's important for us and is there any downside yeah to to how much you can give like is there yeah you know um i'm spending so much money on this give and it's not working in terms of making me money is there a downside there well there is a downside and i'll give you an example what uh i found is a mistake that people make after they have done something that is truly beneficial to a group or an audience or an individual let's say an individual you've done something and that person comes back to you and says louis thank you i can't tell you how important that was it was it it really did pull me out of the the problem i was in and i i can't here's what i used to say when people would ah listen don't think anything of it no big deal i wouldn't have done you know it's part of the job for anybody you've just slapped the rule of reciprocity out the window where it dominates that situation you really did go out of your way you really did go above and beyond and you've diminished [Music] so here's what i recommend that you say you see of course i was glad to do it it's what partners do for one another don't forget the addendum for one another oh that's the mistake that people very much offer you have to put it on the map you have to acknowledge it you don't diminish it you don't dismiss it you put it on the map and you say it's what we do for one another little his un record is ready to give back to you wow now that's for somebody that you've had a relationship is what friends do it's what partners do for one another a business what if it's somebody who who you've helped for the first time you don't have a lasting relationship what do you say here's what i would recommend again i was glad to do it i know that if the situation were ever to be reversed you do the same for me yeah you do the same for me again you've put it up you've put the person on record yes yeah i did do you a favor and i know you're the kind of person who plays by the rules the key is not to say oh i know if the situation had been reversed you would have done the same for me that's in the past that will never happen you say if the situation would be reversed you would do the same for me you're going to get the next request you ask for wow the subtle the subtleties of how we communicate are so important in creating the life of our dreams and struggling consistently i think the little nuances you know chris voss who i think you know as well i do talks about this and his work uh never split the difference just the little subtle communication um you know the way we communicate uh the words we use at the specific time can drastically transform our life for good or not for good right and i think we we want to learn how to use these tools the communication styles ethically and an empowering way so that everyone benefits there's a win-win-win in every interaction that's what think what we're all looking for that's what gets you long-term relate profitable relationships people who are who who are with you who trust you who recognize that hey you're a straight shooter i can i can work with this person on into the future and do well yeah i would see my father do this my dad was in the insurance business for 33 years and i would see him always going to the local shop we were in a small town in delaware ohio so it was a very small community and i would always see him you know buying from all the local people and then them buying from him and just like building those relationships he would send them you know gifts this was like snail mail days where he would like write them letters and he would find newspaper clippings about them and write a little thoughtful note and send it to them just kind of constantly in that giving mentality and um i saw it work for him you know for for decades in the insurance business of the kind of the old school pre-internet social media days and uh and you can do it online offline and this this this law this principle works you know i have a colleague she's my uh speaker's agent in europe and she has a client very big client but who's a slow pay he doesn't pay for six months and all her friends in the business say oh this guy you know his he's a big client we need him but he he he won't pay our invoices and uh she asked me about it i said well what do you know about him she said well he lives in a different city than i do so i don't know a lot i just know that he's a he's a an art lover i said oh listen go to your local art galleries and museums where they have these little postcards you know that show the pictures of the the the exhibitions that they have on display and their permanent uh work and so on and put one in the mail with your invoice i love that she said it cut time in half that's brilliant that's brilliant if you want to get paid you got to do things a little differently you got to stand out i think that's fascinating put a starbucks card in with the invoice something it could be 25 bucks it doesn't have to be yeah thank you for your business yeah and now they're ready to say now they're the ones who are saying thank you and they do it by things like that absolutely yeah i love this um anything else about reciprocation before yeah we've covered our best i love it i think it's such an important rule and it's um yeah and it's it's something that if you're not thinking of this if you're not coming in in my opinion if you're not coming from a giving heart first and wanting to add value wanting to be of service wanting to give it's just going to be harder to sustain relationships long term with your business your intimate relationships your family relationships if you're always being the moocher or the taker right and so i just come from a place of service first and i think you'll always win out in the win-win-win situation in the long run we are on the same page there yes you come from a a position of service what can you provide that enhances the other person's outcomes first and then as a side effect they will want to enhance yours absolutely the the next principle is commitment and consistency and i get this question so often robert about people asking me about you know how have you built your online business or how have you got your podcast to go so big what's the secret what's the hack what's the trick to help me launch my podcast as fast as you did and i literally tell people commitment and consistency over i'm like i'm going to give you the most boring answer of how i've built you know one of the biggest shows uh podcast in the world which has been eight and a half years showing up every single week being extremely committed to my vision my mission of serving people and being so consistent never missing a week for eight and a half years and when you do things consistently with the level of commitment to your vision it starts to pay off so can you explain more about commitment and consistency i mean that is very that is primal what you just said you have to have within yourself a commitment to your vision a consistent movement toward it in ways that really do advance the towards your goals but we also need to recognize that the people we want to influence also value consistency in themselves right one thing we can do is to find an existing value or an existing preference of theirs and show how what we offer them is consistent with that value their vision their commitment and then they will want to move in our direction because of a drive to be congruent with their existing preferences and and values and and previous choices right can you an example around that here's one that there was a study done in um chicago uh restaurant owner not this time a server but a restaurant owner who was having a problem with no-shows people who weren't being consistent they would call they would make a they would make a a a reservation and then they wouldn't appear for it and he when he listened to what his receptionist would say when she took a booking and she would say thank you for calling gordon's restaurant please call if you have to change or cancel your reservation all right he asked her to change two words you were saying a minute ago you know it's remarkable how just changing a word or two it makes a big difference he asked her to change two words instead of saying please call he asked her to say will you and then he asked her to pause if i said to you will you please call and i paused what would you fill that pause with you'd see of course right yes yeah yeah of course so it's reciprocating and saying yes i will a you've made a commitment interesting no shows dropped by 67 percent that's correct because people were on record as publicly committing themselves committing to that act because we all want to be it's a value to to live up to what we say we prefer our word of ourselves yes and so you make people uh make that commitment explicit yes i will now you've given them something to be consistent with because please call is more of an ask it's not it's more like a suggestion yeah it's not a an ask with a commitment right attached to it the most brilliant thing about his recommendation was asking her to pause so people had to make an active comment oh man yeah here's another one i love this one guy called me a couple years ago he's the boy scout leader and he says to make money for our troop we've arranged with a supermarket that we put tables outside the doors and we sell popcorn to people who come out of the supermarket to help the boy scouts right and he said our our results are dismal we're getting like 15 percent well i can understand why because first of all people if they wanted popcorn they would have bought it in the in the and they've already expended their budget right and and they're tired and they're okay so i said so what do you say when they come they said would you like to buy some popcorn if you do you could support the boy scouts i said try this say excuse me do you support the boy scouts everybody says yes he says no i don't support the boris yeah you're like a bad person he doesn't have as a value or the boy's got right a preference he says well if you if you would if you would you like to buy some popcorn that will support us now fifty-five percent go from fifteen to fifty-five and here's what he said to me he called me up one he said this is amazing because the who don't want the popcorn say i don't want your popcorn but i'll give you a donation because i support the boy amazing so they're making they're making a profit without even having to sell the that's amazing because they get people to first make a commitment where how do you ask the question so people say yes to the direction you would like them to move before you ask them to move in that direction yes i'm i'm reminded of i'm having so many flashbacks of early 2010s where i studied your your book and i was studying everyone else in kind of uh behavioral psychology and influence and persuasion and marketing and i'm reminded of um oh my gosh is it frank lutz frank luntz looks luts yes words that work where he had all these examples kind of similar to what you created where it's like if you just change this one word all these other things could happen in your favor and it's so fascinating that you're giving these suggestions and testing these things for the boy scouts and all these people um and it's seeing these increases just with a couple little tweaks and if we learn these things and you i know you've got all this stuff in your book as well but if we start to really learn these things it's just the result can be incredible for a return on in bet on investment that's over the top the the investment is one more breath that's it will you you know the pause yes it's costless mm-hmm so when i so i don't know how many of uh the people who who listen are managers or have to run teams from time to time where you have a team meeting and everybody has a task to do before the next meeting here's what i said i don't let anybody out of that room until you say will you be able to complete that task by our next so when so we do our team calls on mondays and if we have kind of each person go around and share like what's the one thing they're going to accomplish this week or the big task of the week how should we phrase that to get their buy-in and their commitment on that what you say to them is will do you think you will be able to accomplish this or make progress toward it before our next and if they say no i don't you know you can say well what can you get some help with it do you need more resources do you need to put something else to the side you can then work on getting to yes right right but if they do say yes i'm able you have now motivated them to put that higher in the priority list of what they're going to do because they've made a commitment yes they've made a public commitment to everybody that they're going to do it and no one wants to break their commitment no one wants to break their word you do it over and over again you kind of lose confidence in yourself you know your your self-worth goes down your i guess your likability with yourself kind of probably goes down because you're always breaking your commitment to yourself you that's a really good point and a lot of people when we talk about this say oh well your reputation with others will go down if you break it what you've pointed to is something just as powerful you want to live up to your own standards and so you will take steps to make sure you you live up to your commitments so what's one thing if i'm trying to get someone to listen more regularly on the show or watch the youtube channel on a weekly basis what's something i could ask to the listeners or the viewers to get them committed to showing up consistently what would be something you'd suggest or for anyone who has a show that's you know has that they want to get their listeners to be more consistent what would you suggest i would say i'd i'd begin by asking for something small like could you listen to last week's podcast or any of the following and tell me and then say to yourself was that worth it and would you like to get that kind of benefit regularly i'm going to make a commitment to you if you do you will get that i'm going to ice i select my guests and i do my homework so that there is value for you in each of our programs and if you would be willing to make that commitment to me i have made i'll make this commitment to you you will get value i love that okay awesome anything else around commitment or consistency that we should know about okay here's another thing where you change one word yes um so again let's say you're a manager and you've got a a goal that your team is making progress toward and and they're advancing and and they're halfway there and what we're always supposed to do is to congratulate them on the the movement that they've made on their progress that's a mistake to use the word progress to congratulate people on their progress because what you've asked them to do is look behind them at where they have been and what what's happened so far and their their movement and a lot of times people say oh okay they're satisfied i'm satisfied now i can coast a little bit here right if instead you don't say congratulations on your progress that you've made toward the goal it's congratulations on your commitment to this goal to finishing this now they're looking forward wow and the research shows they're significantly more likely to reach that goal on time if you use the word commitment to it then progress toward it so not even don't even add congratulations on the progress of your commitment to this goal to say congratulations on the commitment we're doing great things and we're we're we're almost there let's finish it off right okay congratulations on the commitment i'm writing this down i like that a lot your commitment make sure it's their commitment your commitment to this goal okay yeah i hope everyone's taking notes as well like me um i love this this is possible i love it commitment and consistency you know this i was always a curious uh teenager and young man about how did this work like that how did people get me to say yes to things i wasn't really interested in you know they want to buy this yeah i didn't want this it must be the way they presented it the psychology of it yes yes the next principle is social proof and i've always been fascinated by this i think there's there's stories in the book that that go into some of these examples but i'm always fascinated by the one of just like okay there's two coffee shops or two donut shops or whatever there's the same type of store one's got a long line and the other has no line most people go into the one with the long line because it just shows a social proof case study of people want this thing then it must be good can you explain more of this concept of social proof well yes and i want to compliment you on that particular example because not only does it show the kind principle of social proof that says when i'm uncertain about what to do i use the responses of other people the choices of other people to steer me in that direction it reduces my uncertainty we're so persuaded but to want to wait in line just because everyone else wants the thing it's like the nightclub where it's like they make you wait outside in line yeah you want to go in there you know exactly so that's the that's the extra point that i think you raised with that example you're willing to go and wait in line incur all the inconvenience because this rule is so powerful crazy you'll wait 10 20 30 minutes for the same cup of coffee right you know or whatever it is you know it's like a lot of times i mean i haven't been in the nightclub i don't know 10 years or something but a lot of times you would go into the nightclub and you're like this is not that good let me get out of here you just waited an hour to go something you didn't really like one here's a story that for me that this worked incredibly well when i learned this principle at 2009 i learned this from you it worked i was like this is fascinating i remember getting a big press opportunity i was in a big i don't know five page spread of details magazine the magazine is no longer around i don't think but details magazines i remember it was a big magazine back in the day it was kind of like a gq type of thing and i got an email from one of the main writers there say i'm doing a story about online marketers who can help you earn more money and i've got tim ferriss that i'm featuring gary vaynerchuk seth godin and i want to include you and it was maybe one or two other people and he was like we're gonna fly you out to new york city we're gonna do a big photo shoot the whole thing i was a nobody robert i was a nobody no one even knew who i was i had a very small following when i was teaching linkedin strategies back in 2008 so i had a small micro community and but i was nobody compared to tim ferriss and gary vaynerchuk and all these other people and i said yes right away and i i went there and did this shoot and it was like this big spread in details magazine and it was like a massive opportunity for me and i remember after it was published i asked the writer i didn't want to ask him beforehand but i asked the writer hey why did you choose me why did you want to have me in this this featured magazine and he said i saw someone retweet one of your tweets and i went to who was influential to me i saw them retweet it then i went to your link in your bio and i saw your website and on the website at the very top i saw that you were featured in time magazine and fast company and a few other places and he said right away i saw that you were featuring these other places and i thought if you were good enough for them you were good enough for details magazine and that was pretty much all the research they did before reaching out to me and there was two levels of social proof one someone sharing uh a message that i put out there on twitter that he saw so someone else was talking about it and then seeing the the logos of the other press that i had gotten which was very small you know mentions it wasn't like these featured articles but it was showing where i'd been featured and he said because other people desired you and wanted to talk about you i figured you were good enough for us yep and that that small change that i learned from you helped just unlock so much more and i think if people just understood the subtleties of just showcase where you've been featured just make sure you're showing these things so people are aware it'll bring new opportunities i mean that's um that's the the essence of social proof yes what are people around me like me doing or what have they been doing that reduces my uncertainty about what i should do in that situation um and it works in all kinds there was this lovely little study in a a pub in uh in uk in london where one day the proprietor put up a sign on the bar that said this week our most popular beer is our porter porter sales doubled just by saying this week our most popular is wow we all have our most popular item product feature payment plan all we have to do is point to to the one that is and people say oh i can stop asking about where i should go or what i should no here's a reason for me to stop searching and choose right now well i feel like we're all suckers for this i mean not in a bad way but when i go to a restaurant that i've never been to i just asked the waiter i don't even look at the menu i just say what are the three most popular items or what are the three things you like the most on the menu and they'll say well this one's great i love this one the most and this is the most popular one and then i make a decision based on that typically because i don't want to look through everything and try to find something i just want to know what do other people like what do you like what's the recommendation right and you know i'm sure on amazon i'm they're probably the masters at all of this but they're showing amazon's recommended choice all the time when you search into something i buy that recommended choice pretty much every time it's got the most reviews it's got the credibility it's got all these things you know um i do the same thing when i go to a restaurant where i am not familiar with the menu i just add one other thing that uh i when i say so tell me what are your most popular items in the ad appetizer category how about the mains how about the desserts and so whatever i'm interested in soup whatever and i say of your regulars tell me the people who are your regulars what's the most popular of theirs they're essentially the verified buyers on amazon yes yeah that we all listen to the most right your regulars they've already done the beta testing for me i don't have to go all over the menu and test so what's so that's that idea i mean i wonder if i've never seen a menu do that in each category i've seen sometimes like one item that says like our most popular item but i wonder if they did it in appetizers salads soups you know entrees desserts they put the top like the star most popular item here in each category i bet those things would get so much more sales lewis i can give you confirmation okay you're right there was a study done in beijing it shows you how cross-culturally extended this principle is restaurant managers put a little asterisk next to certain items in each of the categories and each one became 13 to 20 percent more purchased and what did the asterisk stand for this is one of our most popular items i bet you could start to predict as a business owner a restauranteer what ingredients you need more of based on the consistency of just that one difference of putting an asterisk or most popular or whatever you want to do it you can start to predict the sales every week of okay i'm not going to buy an excess of all these other ingredients because we know that only 20 of people are going to buy these other lower choices you could start to increase the profit margin you could start to predict things better there's so many things that would happen in your benefit well here's the best part of it and about people are happier because they're making a choice they think is the best choice right and they enjoy it more psychologically they're like oh i'm doing what everyone else loves that's the best part because not only are you reducing their uncertainty if you've truly pointed to the genuinely most popular you're giving them a better experience and they're going to come back you're going to come back and also you're going to become better at making that thing better because you're working on that thing more you're going to make sure it's great every time like just it's just all these things are going to level you up the entire experience i love this and it doesn't have to be any one thing it can be a couple of things within the advertising uh the appetizer category and so on top two most popular choices anything else around social proof that we should be aware of no i think the this is well the biggest is it shouldn't just be many others it should be comparable others we most reduce our uncertainty of what to do in a situation by looking at what those like us have done there interesting one thing we can do is let people know that you know like on the the uh hotel sites what they will do is segment their market and say the best hotels as rated by uh business people the best for uh leisure travelers the best for romantic couples the best for people with families and so now you dive right in and you say that's that's where i'm gonna go to get my information that's smart yeah specializing it to people that are like you or doing something like you and uh speaking of like liking someone uh the next principle is is liking and what is the difference between liking and likability well you can become you you get liking by being likable okay but nobody would be surprised to hear that here's what's worth knowing from the research and that is there are two very small things we can do that cause people to like us more one is to point to similarities between the two of us right the comparabilities and uh because people like those who are like them yes right there was a study of negotiators who were doing bargaining over email and if before they began to to bargain they traded information about one another right so they could personalize the other person you know they found that stymied negotiations went from thirty percent to six percent wow just by sending now here's the key when the researchers looked at the data they found that it wasn't those who sent the most information back and forth about themselves and you know kind of made themselves human it was whether in the information there were parallels similarities you're a runner i'm a runner yes you're an only child i'm an only child those were the things that created the willingness to give the other person grace in a negotiation so you don't walk away with a stymied deadlocked nothing burger where nobody wins right right so that that's the first thing having shared similarities right within each other what's the second thing praise compliments wow i'm going to admit to something here this is my biggest fallback this is this is my biggest mistake i have a very difficult time giving warranted praise really to people why is it was the way i grew up oh my parents didn't do it they were always they didn't say i loved you well they would say that but they wouldn't say oh great job on that in in that game or you'd really you know did because they didn't want me to take it easy they always wanted me to push a little harder push it a little harder i can't tell you how many times you know i was a before i retired a research psychologist i how many times in meetings research meetings with my graduate students i would hear myself say oh that's a brilliant thing that lewis just said or oh what's thera how sarah just frees that is exactly what we should say in our study what do you want to say and i say it to myself i didn't and i missed all the good will that would come from just translating it from my mind to my tongue and now i i don't do that anymore i make sure that any time i hear myself praise somebody in my head i hear myself say it in my ears because i say it out loud that's good yeah i can't tell you the effect it's had on uh on the social interaction and good will in those sessions and with my students you know what's fascinating again i've applied so many of these principles throughout my the last 10 12 years i guess when i was getting started a lot of people are listening they've fallen for a while they know my story i got started using linkedin to kind of build relationships and connections and then from there started helping people how to use linkedin to get opportunities and jobs and you know investors and all these different things and the first few months of using linkedin back in 2007 2000 yeah late i would email people and message people and and very few would reply to me and i was reaching out to kind of influential ceos and business leaders because i was trying to build relationships i was trying to interview them early on to ask them questions and just learn from them and very few would give me the time of day and then i started to implement this strategy from your book of of liking right and and also kind of social proof in there as well and i started emailing and i said to myself in the first sentence i've got to incorporate this so i would look and do research on their profile and see what are the similarities how do we know how do we know each other how do we know friends of friends that's why i think social networking is a great tool to use because you can usually see if you have common friends i would i would always talk about like oh i see that we have bob and sarah and tom as mutual friends there's a similarity i would see where did they go to school where are they from did they play sports because it tells you their hobbies their interests their associations you know i see that you're a public speaker i'm in toastmasters right now i see that you played football i just finished playing arena football whatever it is i would try to add three levels of similarities within the first sentence and by doing that i believe i think i got like eight or nine out of ten replies every time whereas maybe i was only getting one or two out of ten replies before just by adding that and also by acknowledging something in their career they did that i felt inspired by so i would add the similarities and then i would also try to find out what did they do in their career i would research them a lot and say i really like when you put this out i really like how you did this thing and i acknowledged them for that and then i would say i would love to learn more about how you did this before i would say can you give me advice can i take 10 minutes of your time where you teach me these things yeah then i said no one wants to give advice and give up when they're busy and give them their time yeah but people love to tell their story of their success and how they overcame the challenge so i rephrased it and i would get so many different connections from that because i didn't ask for advice i just was inspired by their story one of them to share and by listening they gave me all the advice in the world you know it seems to me you've hit the two principal pillars of liking then similarity and praise uh and and uh yeah so not only do we like the people who are like us we like the people who do like us and say so compliments we like the people who give us compliments as a result we want to do business with them we want to interact with them we want to say yes praise such a simple thing and it's and it's again it's costless yes i mean but what you did is the right thing is if you give a phony compliment you know it it's just going to ring it's not going to ring true yeah but if you really research there really think about who they are and understand what their challenges are who where they came from what challenges they've overcome and you praise that it's genuine it rings true absolutely absolutely i love this liking is huge again two things that we can do to get more people to like us finding commonalities and similarities and praise acknowledgement compliments they're they're free it just takes a little bit of research a little bit of thoughtfulness and the benefits are abundant and it doesn't take a lot of research because they tell us about themselves on linkedin exactly they tell us about themselves on facebook it's not proprietary information you can go to someone's instagram and a few photos you can see if they have kids you can see what they're up to where they live and they want us to know that about them exactly and it's interesting when i'm sure bob when you get emailed and someone does the research and someone shares common similarities and they acknowledge you for the incredible work you've done in the world and how your book has impacted them or the videos they've seen you're more likely to reply maybe you won't spend your time on the phone with them but you're more likely to say i like this person let me at least say thank you and i appreciate it and let's you know maybe in the future we'll get together i feel obligated to want to reply to those nice compliments and oh we know these people in common oh okay if i don't reply to this person and he has a common friend am i going to be the jerk that blows you know is it going to come back to me from my friend that i was a jerk it's like we feel obligated i i am exactly the same somebody compliments me it's very difficult to just dismiss them and not you have to do something in return and say thank you it's reciprocity you have to do something in return that's crazy i love it um okay the next principle is authority and i think with all the people that are maybe getting started in their career or their business or they're launching an idea and they feel like they have no why do they need to create authority in order to be more successful how do they gain authority in an authentic way and and what happens if we don't have authority yeah so i'm going to differentiate between two kinds of authority both of which make a difference and cause people to say yes to us but this person you described doesn't have the first type which is to be in a position of authority that is to be uh to have standing or stature in a hierarchy or some uh yeah so there are people who are in authority that's not who we're talking about in influence that's power that's about power there are people there's somebody who is an authority that's the person i'm talking about somebody who's knowledgeable somebody who has experience somebody who can point to some credentials they have and very you know that can be somebody who's just come out of a training program or a university with a major on a particular area where they specialize and they can say i know about the latest research on this you know or somebody who's been around for a while can say i've been in this area for a while and i have a lot of experience you can point to those things that are genuine uh credentials that you have so for example i did a some work with a hospital in the i live in the phoenix area it's a hospital where they asked me to help them with stroke patients who weren't doing their home exercises that the physical therapist gave them to do when they left the hospital and so they weren't getting better um i said well can you show me what you do and and they said well here's the the the regimen we give them to do it and we take them into this this little room and we make sure they understand everything and i looked at the room there were pictures on the walls said replace those pictures with your credentials put your diplomas put your awards put your certifications on the wall exercise compliance as measured by flexibility strength range of motion increased by 31 percent because in the room where they were giving them the information they had all this in all this evidence credibility they were an authority so people took them more seriously yes so showcase showcasing your showcase your credentials you can't do it face to face though you can't sit down from somebody and say louis let me just tell you how great i really am yeah no you do it by sending them uh your resume as an attachment ahead of your first meeting i'm looking forward to our meeting on thursday uh the top on the topic of x here are my background and credentials on x right or you say here's my linkedin go there or at the bottom of your email signature you could have like the letters or the initials the initials i'm sure that if i you know if i'm looking at your book here and it just said robert cialdini with no phd after it versus having the phd i'm sure that adds just a subtle level of credibility with this right here it does for people and the authority now if you hold that up again and you look at the top of it over five million copies sold yes that's social proof huge social proof but in both cases i'm pointing to something that's genuine right i don't have to fabricate it i don't have to really you don't have to do that yeah you have the social proof with how many this is how many people have bought it then you have the more social proof from a credible source giving a recommendation then you have this down here which is the authority it's all on the front of the book new and expanded you know additional content all this stuff it's all on the front page which helps you make a decision and you know lewis i have in the past not this particular edition but in previous editions i've had to fight my publisher to get that stuff on really because they said you know we want more white space what you want white i'm talking about authority yeah you're talking about white's face yes and you have again praise on the back it's like when someone's praising you it's more social proof yeah and uh it's funny because there's so many authors who have implemented these strategies over the last 10 years since you've been putting this work out there and you see it everywhere now you see everyone following a similar format if they're researched and studied well with these principles and it's they work they do it because it works because it works so authority yeah and oh there's one more feature of authority that the newest research suggests and that is people say how do i how can i multiply my authority well get legitimate experts quotes or testimonials it doesn't have to be necessarily to you or your product but to your idea yes to you as a person to you as yes all right you put that there in in any message that you send at the top not at the don't bar you want that authority aura to suffuse everything that goes next every claim that you make really want to be supported by the fact that an authority agrees with you and your vision so what would this be would this be for like a book proposal to have those at the top would it be for what other types of examples would that be for to put the quotes at the top of your website at the top at the web the website is the key right what's the first thing you should see on somebody's website you should see testimonials from incredible people incredible people most of the the websites have them buried somewhere or in a separate category over there prays for such a it there should be testimonials at the outset so that influence applies to everything you've yet to read in it yes it sets this it sets the tone right as opposed to them guessing and wondering and have to look it sets the stage stages this is the authority this is a credit bill person let me learn more not right let me find out if they're credible with their bio and this and this or whatever like scrolling like start with credibility and authority that's why when i use the strategy of like here are the other places i've featured here are the logos of the presses that i've been featured on it was instant authority just when a second you see it you feel authority in your body you're just like okay as opposed to not showing it at the top people have to go down and look for it i feel like you're missing the mark i once did some uh work with bose acoustics corporation they had a new product the bose wave music system at the time after we got some increased uh sales to a particular ad product had been out there long enough that they had authorities uh testifying and so they made up a new generation of the ad with the authorities in there except they were at the bottom of the ad the authority we just had them move them to the top and got a 15 increase in sales crazy you see the i think the movie industry does as well where they are constantly saying the movie of the year by entertainment magazine or this you know it's like astonishing whatever it may be uh you see that always flashing up in the trailers of of the movies and you just like okay if everyone else loves this and they're calling me authority or this is the authoritative movie of the year i gotta go watch it you know right right right 20 emmy nominations it's like all right i have to go watch this yeah you know it's the authority in that space as well so remember i said that social proof reduces your uncertainty about you which you should do the same thing applies to authority if the experts are recommending something it reduces your uncertainty you don't have to sit on the fence anymore you don't have to ditter around then think about this or that boom you can go right in i love it i love that we've got uh the the final principle of the previous version until you've discovered the new principle which i want to get to but the the original final principle is scarcity can you explain that the principle of scarcity why we find things that are rare and scarce or limited something that we desire that we want on human psychology standpoint and then also in a digital world for people that have unlimited of digital goods essentially that's not a physical good and they they have digital how do they position in a way that is ethical scarcity okay i want to take those in order because that's the right uh sequence of this first of all the reason we want things that are rare or scarce or dwindling in availability is that otherwise we lose them and loss is a more powerful motivator in human psychology than gaining the same thing really there's a man who won the nobel prize in economics a few years ago daniel kahneman for something he called prospect theory where he showed that the prospects of gaining a particular amount of a resource all right let's say a dollar right compared to the prospects of losing that dollar people were twice as likely to want to avoid losing the dollar than gaining the extra one right so wow so if if we have um the ability to gain a million dollars or lose a million dollars we'd rather hold on to the losing of the million dollars than the possibility of gaining is that kind of definitely i i once gave a lecture to a financial services firm and afterwards the the the boss came up to me said you just said something with that loss aversion the idea of people are averse to loss more than they they want to gain things you just said something that finally allows me to understand what my mentor told me he said if you have a high value uh client right way up there you don't lose them right yeah but they're millions of dollars right and you call them at five in the morning and say if you act now you'll be able to gain 25 000 on this on this stock they're gonna scream at you and hang up the phone but if you call them and say if you if you act now you'll avoid losing 25 on our position they'll thank you people don't want to lose what they have they don't want to lose so that's why scarcity is so valuable because scarcity loss is the ultimate form of scarcity it means you can't have it anymore that's why people are so adamant about grabbing onto scarce or dwindling resources they don't want to lose them okay now how does that apply how do you do that when you've got a lot of various a lot of opportunities uh okay i'm gonna two things you do have something that's scarce which is what differentiates you from your rivals what is the single thing that people can't get they will lose if they don't move in your direction right now it might not be one thing but it might be a suite of things a combination of items that only you provide right right you simply say you you don't just say and if you will go with us you will gain these you have to be able to say you don't want to lose these benefits that only we can offer you don't want to miss that right remember i told you about the bose ad that we did where if you added testimonials at the top you increased sales by 15 percent and i said but first of all we had done something that increased their sales in a different way well here's what we did at the top of their initial ad for the bose wave museus music system they had new uh features new convenience new simplicity new elegance right and at the top was the word new this was there at we changed it to hear what you've been missing and we got a 45 increase in sales so something people has lost missing you haven't heard it yet yeah yes before all those new features and those were things to be gained now we say you don't want to miss these yeah that's good that's interesting man humans that's voice okay so that's one thing yeah now here's the other and i think your online people will be interested in it there was a study of 700 online commercial sites right and they looked at a b tests within each one for various kinds of features of the site that would lead to conversions and some of them were economic like uh do we offer free delivery right uh some were uh technological are is there a search function in the site for where you can some were psychological like uh is there uh a call to action after each appeal you know in each appeal the top six were the six principles it wasn't any of it was the six principles of influence and you know what was at the top scarcity really if you could legitimately say we only have x number of these items at this price or with this feature or with this bonus you got the most conversions of all well even more than saying we only have a limited time for buying this at this price so limited time is valuable but limited quantity or package of certain things is more powerful and here's why because with a limited number you can still wait competition all right limited time you can still wait till the last minute yeah you're not in competition with anybody for it you can do it anytime if it's a limited number you better move or it'll be gone it's lost yes if you've got a lot of these you can say this special is only good for x number of items or you know we've only got so many of these with this extra feature or that we will provide this additional inducement now let me say that was number one number two was social proof telling people what a lot of others like them had been doing with this right number three was limited time and here's one i rarely see online sites it was the liking principle really here's what they did they began with a welcoming letter um it's what you do like when somebody comes to your door you welcome them in yes you say hello glad that you're here yep come on in it was a welcoming letter liking first scarcity social proof limited time liking with the welcome letter this was this the in order the influence authority was before liking got it okay i love this stuff i love learning about this that's right i don't know if people hopefully people are jotting down as many notes as me this is powerful the scarcity thing has been a big factor that i've seen more and more in the last couple of years uh with i don't know if you've been aware of this whole nft movement these nfts online which are essentially digital representations of artwork oh yes that that are selling out in seconds you know when they have a thousand or 500 they're limited they're selling on seconds i live here in los angeles and sometimes i'll drive down fairfax or melrose avenue and you'll see people in hundreds of people in line outside of a store the shoe stores kind of the sneaker head stores where they have like this limited run and people will wait for hours i think it's you know i think apple does this well where it's like well i got a limited amount the first week you know stand in line for three days in a tent so you can get the iphone when it comes out right the first yeah uh you know baseball and basketball and trading cards have have become a booming in the last couple years i even got involved in this and i was like i can't believe uh you know what now with so much limited quality uh a quantity of older cards or rare cards i think it was two days ago the uh honest wagner card sold for six point six million dollars is the new highest price card ever sold when it was previously sold for i think 5.1 million or something like a year ago and it's a two inch by two inch piece of cardboard right you know it's selling for millions because it's rare it's scarce and i think you know that's crazy that is crazy and here's the best example i ever saw it has to do with apple and how apple uses this right it was the release of the iphone 5. in phoenix the local tv station that i listened to i watched uh they sent a reporter to interview the people who had been around the corner in sleeping bags right waiting for this and they went up the the reporter went up to the person who was number 23 in line interviewing so do you talk to the other people in line did you get to know them she said yeah actually she said i was originally number 25 in line but i struck up a conversation with the woman who was number 23 who admired my shoulder black it's a 2 800 dollar louise give it to her for the spot and she's that's exactly oh my god she said i i broke her to deal with her your spot in line for my louis vuitton bag that's craziness to go from 25 to 23 and and to her credit the reporter after stammering what she said why did you do that and i heard this shop didn't have a lot and i didn't want to lose the chance to get wow it's all about loss scarcity is about loss and you'll give up a 2 dollar shoulder bag to go from twenty five to twenty three yeah maybe that's how powerful this is that's and crazy but the human psychology is fascinating the way our brain thinks the way we work is fascinating so scarcity is all about and showcasing that there's a limited quality you don't want to lose out you don't want to miss out on this limited quantity or packaging exclusive packaging of the thing right anything else on scarcity before we get no that's a good this is great run through so for how long is this the first book has been around for what over over a decade right before the new before the new version came out 12 years 12 years and these six principles have been the leading force in massive companies for entrepreneurs for lifestyle entrepreneurs for online websites for for the last 12 years but now with this new and expanded version you've got a lot of new research and you've added an additional principle which is unity can you explain what unity is and why you decided to add an additional principle to influence because i started to see evidence that i was mistaken in thinking that unity was just an extension of similarity what unity is if if as a communicator i can convince somebody that i share membership in a in a wee group a group that this person uses the term we characterize right everything becomes easier inside the boundaries of the wii group so for example like we are part of uh you know the same college alumni association precisely some category that defines our identity and um so i even yeah so region is one thing so for example people who belong to the same city or the same state state country it's like finding something where we're apart we belong we belong where are we wow right but it when when we were first talking before we went on the air you were saying some of your followers just want to know about how things can be done in their personal life to increase their their outcomes and there's a great example of how the unity principle works in relationships romantic relationships you know in all romantic relationships there are some things that are going really well and there are some things that you they're just a disagreement you you're not you you can't get resolution on a particular problem or difficulty and so these researchers in texas brought couples into a situation research situation and they said what we'd like you to do is think about a an issue that you haven't been able to get uh agreement on you just all the time that you've been together you just haven't been able to do it and we would like for one of you in flip to coin to be the persuader to try to persuade your partner to come into line with your position on this issue right and then they took a step back left the room but they had tv cameras and tape recorders going so they knew what happened and they found three kinds of persuaders one was what they called the uh coercive persuader who said i need you to do this for me otherwise you'll be sorry i'll have to do some things that you're not happy about right not only did that fail to work it produced polarization you that you got the opposite result now the recipient of that message was further away from the persuader's position so that was terrible there was another approach that the researchers called the r the rational logical approach where the persuader said look if you'll just if if you'll just examine the situation more closely you'll see that my position is the more rational one it's the more reasonable one now that didn't get polarization that got laughter yes right right how you think so they they got no movement at all from that one there was only one strategy that worked what was that by a very small percentage of people okay who said you know we've been together now for two and a half years i'd really appreciate it if you'd do this for me they just brought to the surface that they were a unit wow they shared an identity that's all that was it no new information no greater logic no no no just bring to consciousness we are a we group and inside we groups support and compromise it's what we do inside we groups right now there was another version of that that was even simpler to implement it was simply to use the pronouns we our and us in making the request for change wow for change gotcha we our work on us and us okay again bringing to consciousness the idea of oh we're members of this shared identity it can be anything really and it could be we go to the same gym we like the same workouts we like the same whatever food we like the same restaurants you're saying any type of wee community yes so i i grew up in wisconsin yeah and so my nfl football team is the green bay packers all my life i've been a packers fan right a little a while ago i read a newspaper article where they looked at the favorite nfl teams of various celebrities and i found out that justin timberlake and lil wayne are both avid green bay packer fans louis i immediately thought better of their music oh wow that's crazy and i wanted them to succeed they were of me they weren't just like me they were one of us they were one of us it made all yeah so that's crazy and i'm assuming the more emotionally connected to an identity group you are the more likely you're want to support or be in partnership with right like someone who is a part of deeper emotional group for you if you're like the green bay packers super fan if you find one person likes them you're like okay i look at them completely differently now completely differently that's amazing so how how can we incorporate this in a business negotiation let's say all right uh here's here's what i am going to recommend first of all just like you look for just similarities of preferences and styles and tastes you can also look for similarities of categories by doing that search that initial yes search and bring and bring it up you're a boater i'm a boater right whatever it could be but there's another way that i that has been wildly successful in the marketing community maybe the most successful strategy for creating loyalty and satisfaction with your product the last decade co-creation where we ask people who have been who are our customers or even our prospective customers we want to create the next level of our product or service can you give us some input and we ask for their responses uh you know on what what can we do to make this better what can we do to what should we drop away what should we what do we need to improve co-create the next level of our products or services that creates unity you are co-creating this thing it's probably why it's probably why um you know crowdfunding and kickstarter and all these sites have done so well because someone puts out an idea and then says but also give us feedback so that when we ship it we've incorporated those ideas into making this product to your and yes people get behind it they buy something they can't even get for a year they you know invest in something to be a part of the co-creation of of someone launching it they'll give feedback they'll be excited about they'll spend so much time and energy on one potential product that maybe they get six to 12 months later right because they're part of the co-creation and here where we come to another one of those single word changes if you ask for feedback if you ask for an opinion you can get this effect but there's one word you can use that enhances the effect significantly instead of asking for their opinion or their feedback you ask for their advice and you get a partner so don't ask for feedback ask for advice ask for advice when you ask for feedback people take a half step away from you and they go inside themselves right and they consider what their reactions are inside if you ask for advice they come and stand next to you um psychologically right that's interesting and now here's what the research shows if you people like your idea better than if you feedback or uh opinion about it what's this stuff is fascinating to me one word yes this stuff is fascinating to me if you were is there anything else about unity yeah that you would add to i would say that we don't want to let this go where it exists already i'll give you an example of how it worked for me a while ago i was i had to complete a report and it was due the next day and as i was reading over it i saw there was one section that it was not really convincing i wasn't i really didn't make my case but because i didn't have the research to support it but i knew i had a colleague who had done a study the year before and had collected data relevant to this point that i if i put that in it would it would close the envelope it would be a sure thing sure well this guy let's call him tim that's not his real name was known to be sour and irratible and unpleasant guy so i i i sent him an email i said tim i explained my situation i have this due the next day you have the date i'm going to call you and see how we can get this to me today so i can put it into my report and i called him he said i know why you're calling bob and the answer is no he said look man i can't be responsible for your poor time management skills that it's due the next day and you don't have the data he said does he no and before i read all the research on unity i would have said come on tim it's due to the next it's i i'm really in a bind here it's due tomorrow he had already said no to that right this is what i said honestly you know tim we've been in the same psychology department now for 12 years i really appreciate if you do this for me wow and i had the data that afternoon wow there you go so he said no and then you because i didn't raise to just like researchers in texas and as the the group that said we're in a couple we've been together for i said we've been together for 12 years in the same unit and now no went to yes people people feel more obligated or persuaded to take the action i think obligated they feel out of loyalty to the group you have to do this that's crazy otherwise you're like a bad member of the group or something right oh man this is why is human psychology so fascinating and powerful and it's always been fascinating to me isn't it crazy that you could have everyone everything you want in your life you could accomplish your goals your dreams you could you could have great partnerships great friendships great business opportunities if you learn to understand people and you learn to speak the language of people it's it's fascinating and i want more people to learn about these things i want more people to study it because when you can study it and then integrate it into your daily life and just make it a part of who you are it's gonna feel like everything flows to you it's gonna feel like synchronicities are around you constantly it's gonna feel like life is abundant and you're a magnet for what you want yeah it's just so powerful yeah and the best thing about it is that you get to be ethical in the process by simply pointing to the things that truly exist we've been together for 12 years that's right in the same uni or you know you know uh we we both like uh we we're both runners you know or any of these things we've we've talked about right you know you you just it's not about manipulation it's about yeah just reaffirming connecting pointing to something pointing to true social proof true authority true scarcity that's all this is fascinating i got a few more questions for you i feel like i feel like we've only been talking for 20 minutes but it's been about almost an hour and 50 minutes now and i've got a few more for you i could talk about this stuff all day long i'm curious about how to use some of this information to get the truth out of someone is there any any research that you've done or practices you've implemented where you can use some of these seven principles to see whether or not someone is telling the truth or to get them to be more honest about something whether it's in business or or just in life there's um you know when we talk about reciprocation the first thing we talked about it turns out self-disclosure is reciprocal if you begin by saying you know i'm going to be honest with you about this uh this this this and that give you back they disclose something about themselves that's honest right again you have to be first right just like giving a gift first and someone wants to give it a return yeah i i use i i apply that on my show where if i want someone to be vulnerable and open up about something i always lead with vulnerability yeah yeah and i always lead with like something that may be hard to say in in front of a stranger like something i've been through or something i'm proud of or a challenge i went through and how it made me feel i try to open up about that so that others are willing to open up and be vulnerable right right i think that's so these are the things we've we've talked about you were saying well how do we really use these principles well one is you have to know them you have you have to know what they are but then it becomes if you start out with the with with the value system that you described at the beginning which is you be assert you be of service you use them to steer people correctly you know to things that they don't want to miss to things that do have authorities who support it to social proof that shows the popularity of what it is everybody's winning absolutely everyone's winning where in your life are you still struggling to implement some of this you know um besides the prayer is the praise still a challenge or is that yeah it's still something i have to fight with i have to remember to do it every time in order to get that to be sure that people are properly acknowledged for their contributions their their thinking what they have brought to the table it's so easy to just go on and and take that without a without appreciating it publicly so that's what i i have to fight to be sure that i don't do that anymore and if someone listening or watching could only implement one of these principles on a daily basis and the uc would help them and get incredible benefits if they could only do one thing what would that one be that you suggest that people get started with hopefully they can incorporate all seven but if it was one so i would ask them to look to the one that's already there in the situation is there real scarcity that you can use is there real authority already you've got all these testimonials you've got all those credentials is there real social proof whatever it is that's where you go you go to the one that's its engine is running it's right there in the situation just waiting for you to harness it but there's one thing i would recommend as a general strategy as i have a colleague who has a teenage son and he said i wanted to give him some advice about going forward now that he's becoming an adult and i'm asking all of my friends for a piece of advice for him what would yours be bob right so um here's what it would be when you go into a situation where you don't know people it's a new situation unfamiliar think the best of those people the best and that that they will they want to provide the best to you if you think that it allows you to be generous with them and as soon as you are generous with there are two really important maybe three important uh downstream consequences first of all by the principle of reciprocity they will want to be generous with you secondly by giving them this gift of whatever it is they will like you more and they will want to do business with you and finally after they see themselves doing business with you they've made a commitment to you they will want to continue to do business with somebody they like and now you've got people interacting with one another who like one another and why trying to be generous with that with one another another i don't know how you get a better work environment than that absolutely i love this okay couple final questions that i ask everyone at the end uh before i ask the questions i want people to get the book influence i've bought this for so many people i've given it to so many people over the last decade it's now the updated expanded with a lot of new research information uh that can really educate you on how to integrate and implement these principles into your life and your relationships in your business so i want people to get the book get a few copies for friends again over five million copies already sold lots of incredible praise and and it's given me incredible results in my life i'm trying to incorporate all the principles and influence by just letting you guys all these things um and uh it's been a it's been a joy to to connect with you robert and have you on and hope to have you on in person again in the future sometime this this question is called the three truths question i ask everyone at the end of the show it's called three truths i'd like you to imagine a hypothetical scenario that you get to it's your last day on earth many many years away and you get to live as long as you want but eventually you gotta you gotta go on to the next place and you've accomplished every dream you have robert you've got all these dreams goals you the fulfillment it all happens for you but for whatever reason you've got to take all of your written work video content audio it's all gonna go with you somewhere else so it's gotta go somewhere else but it can't be here anymore you get to leave behind three lessons to the world three things you know to be true from all your experiences and all your wisdom that you would leave behind what would you say would be those three truths for you one is one that we've just described go into new situations thinking the best of people so which allows you to be generous the second is also something we've talked about don't have a favorite principle of to think that the same principle is going to work on all audiences with all histories with you with all kinds times of types of products and services no you you choose the one that's in there right you you the the thing that's that's already there the final one really has to do with another book that i wrote called persuasion and it is there is people think that the way to make an eye a an appeal or a message more successful your message puts people in a mindset that is consistent with your message and then that message becomes even more successful so what i would say is think about arranging for people to be in a state of mind that's consistent with the central feature of your message before you send it so if it's about it's about scarcity so for example there was a study that showed that if you have a message asking people to take a stand that uh or purchase something that's scarce if you send them an email with two ticking down clock emojis in the subject line they become 15 more likely to buy a scarce opportunity wow because you've put them in mind i love this stuff this is fascinating for me um i've got one final question for you but i want to make sure people get the book they can go online uh and get influenced the new and expanded version the psychology of persuasion they can follow you on social media robert cialdini on twitter and facebook as well are you on instagram also i'm not sure yeah we are but i think the best place is uh our our website influenceatwork.com influenceatwork.com go there you can opt in for the newsletter you can get all the information there's got data there's research all the papers are there all that stuff um you're you're the the godfather of influence a lot of people call you and uh it's been it's been fun to watch uh your journey as i've started my journey to discover your journey and decades of research and work that you put in long before you know i got into this and it's been fun to implement your research and your findings and really see incredible benefits so i appreciate that and i want to acknowledge robert the consistency of your efforts the consistency and your dedication to finding the answers to finding solutions on how we can improve the quality of our life and improve the quality of our business our relationships through these practical and influential i guess psychological principles and i'm just so grateful that that you continue to show up in the way you do and then you continue to speak this message that you speak about it you write about it and uh and continue to offer us tools to improve these different areas of our life so i really acknowledge you for how you've shown up in the world it's it's amazing robert and my final question for you is what's your definition of greatness i would say the ability to transcend your circumstances not to be imprisoned or to have a stealing based on the circumstances that have been dealt to you that you can get above and beyond those circumstances robert thank you so much for being here i appreciate it good i enjoyed it and then the other thing too that helps with conversations is something called adaptability which a lot of people don't have like if i have a i have a conversation with you and i specifically want to know one thing but you want to tell me a whole other story around it people don't have the patience and so like no no no we're talking about something else like stick stick to the topic

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ascendix123 [1 likes]: Bookmark 20:48
  2. @schlawineraffchen [1 likes]: 1:35:50 this is how my brother always gets what he wants. he keeps saying "isn't this something one would do for his brother". really pisses me off every time because you always end up as the a**h*le if you would say no
  3. @JarmainPatrick [1 likes]: Halfway through the pod, just stopped to purchase Robert’s book “Influence” from Amazon. 

Excited to read it. Thanks guys 🤝
  4. @eriksenoddeirik [1 likes]: I've seen a lot of videos with a lot of good content, but none of them were as PACKED with great content as this one. I took tons of notes. Came here because I searched for Robert Cialdini, and as a bonus I discovered you, Lewis. You ask great questions, and you fill in with great comments. Looking fwd to explore your other interviews. Thanks a lot for this! 😊
  5. @leojiang6210: Made a chapter map for this because the conversation is really a tour of influence principles, not one generic persuasion tip:

- 00:01 Reciprocity and pre-suasion: why the frame before the ask changes how the ask is received.
- 13:56 Giving first without making it feel like a tactic: relevance, freshness, and acknowledging the exchange.
- 24:00 Commitment and consistency: how small public commitments turn intentions into follow-through.
- 37:46 Social proof under uncertainty: why people copy visible choices, especially from people like themselves.
- 46:20 Liking: similarity and genuine praise as low-cost ways to reduce social distance.
- 58:31 Authority: how demonstrated expertise and visible credentials reduce hesitation.
- 1:08:29 Scarcity: loss aversion, limited quantity, and why "what you might miss" moves behavior.
- 1:17:59 Modern scarcity examples: NFTs, sneakers, collectibles, and the emotional math of missing out.
- 1:22:27 Unity: shared identity as a deeper influence lever than simple similarity.
- 1:27:02 Unity in business: co-creation, asking for advice, and bringing real shared membership to the surface.
- 1:37:15 Ethics and truthfulness: using real proof, real scarcity, and reciprocal vulnerability instead of manipulation.
- 1:40:46 Choosing where to start: apply the principle already present in the situation.
- 1:43:22 Closing: Cialdini's resources, definition of greatness, and a final note on conversational adaptability.

Made a polished transcript of this because the raw transcript loses too much of the structure of the conversation.
The Transcript Desk Substack & Chrome Extension
  6. @luispadua2: 8:00
  7. @stillwithjesus.official: Thanks
  8. @MitchellSemole: This completely changed the game for me!
  9. @TamedandBased: 53:38
  10. @2Pac_Tupac_Shakur: 58:30 Authority
1:08:31 scarcity
  11. @IsabelleRebille-ht9yn: Lewis. Good interview
 But.  Too many  I LOVE IT
and. this. Is.  FASCINATING
 OK there re called fillers and are.   kind of  help
 Thanx 
   Claude 
 PARIS
  12. @alandasilva629: Legend
  13. @Drone_Guru: On scarcity, limited quantity works because it creates an unmeasurable time remaining to act, which creates an uncertainty.  Limited time remaining:  not as much because human brain can measure time and be certain about how much time it has to act.
  14. @fathysynts1872: Amazing interview 👏👏👏
Thank you 🙏 ❤❤❤❤
  15. @LivyonLife: Very helpful. Thank you.
  16. @tabithanasieku9432: Watched this video more than twice.
  17. @KelvinTroyJohnson: Two years later, this could have been recorded today because of its relevance. Great show.
  18. @ZivezeCoachingServices: This is so good,  I am going to buy all his books 📚
  19. @RobyIndraWijaya: Amazing
  20. @carlosg5736: We need a podcast on Dr shiva

- How Brands Can Use Framing To Influence Customers (Psychology Of Marketing): Kind: captions Language: en welcome to add psych snacktime brought to you by inter mark group a psychology driven marketing agency picture this you have an ugly painting but it's in a beautiful frame the beautiful frame is gonna make that painting look nicer conversely putting a masterpiece and a shoddy frame is going to make the painting look less impressive the way it's presented makes all the difference and the same goes for goods and services let's look at some scenarios if a service provider had a 90 percent satisfaction rate you think that was pretty good right of course you would 90 percent is impressive now what would you think of a product that fails to work one out of every ten times would probably be a little skeptical clock I think we all will even though working 90% of the time and failing one out of ten times is the exact same thing they're just framed differently framing is another example of cognitive bias where people react to a particular choice in different ways depending on how it is presented framing uses prospect theory which states that people prefer small games over potentially larger gains that also come with risk therefore people tend to make decisions to minimize loss rather than maximize game make sense when you think about it wouldn't you rather be given a guaranteed $250 right now than risk losing two hundred and fifty dollars on a 50/50 chance of winning $500 that's what I thought unless you're one of those risk-taking living life on the edge adrenaline junkies who recklessly throws caution to the wind the normal rules don't apply to you wild cards as you might imagine marketers use framing to their advantage every day some of our favorite companies use framing to get us to buy their goods or services and we don't even notice it most of us probably use a music or video streaming service like Apple music or Netflix that charge is a small monthly rate rather than a large upfront fee for the year that's textbook framing even though it ends up being the exact same price charging just ten dollars a month makes the service seem much more affordable than a one-time yearly fee of one hundred and twenty dollars to frame it a little differently you want to think of yourself as a smart consumer so you're going to make the purchasing decision that makes you feel like you're getting the best value companies know that it's just another way they use psychology to help consumers make purchasing decisions you

  Top Comments:
  1. @thomasslone1964 [10 likes]: watching this on a 1 year old 1500 dollar phone while drinking a room temperature 12oz 6 dollar coffee and eating a 2 dollar hot pocket that's 75% crust
  2. @suzthewuz [7 likes]: your editing is like a jackbox game haha
  3. @Randomcomment7699 [7 likes]: Great content,  bgm please reduce volume or please change
  4. @hxmxnx [6 likes]: Hey, that was a ton of value in a couple minutes. Great job guys.
  5. @GonzoTehGreat [4 likes]: 1:52 Your streaming example is wrong because an annual subscription of $120 isn't equivalent to a monthly subscription of $10. 
This is because a monthly sub offers the flexibility to cancel at any time, whereas annual subs force consumers to pay upfront, a year in advance, but rarely offer a refund if they're cancelled early. To compensate consumers for this, annual subs are often discounted compared to monthly subs.
  6. @eeaotly [3 likes]: Actually, I would buy both pictures and switch the frames.
  7. @RiyaShaw-jf6jz [2 likes]: The video's deep dive into the use of psychological framing in marketing is truly enlightening for understanding how subtle messaging can significantly influence consumer behavior. For marketers looking to apply such psychological insights in their strategies, AdNativia offers an excellent platform. With its comprehensive tools, it's well-suited for those who want to implement nuanced and effective marketing techniques in their native advertising campaigns.
  8. @HolnessHezzy [2 likes]: wow, very insightfull content
  9. @ugomariapablo [1 likes]: You are wrong with your last analogy. 

It's not framing they use when we pay a little a month as opposed to paying it all a year. For poor people like me, a monthly payment gives me the opportunity to stop paying in any particular month. I did that for Netflix. The moment I didn't need it anymore, I opted out. If I had paid for the whole year, I would  have had to use it anyway since I've paid for it even though I don't need it. Also, I don't have the money to pay it once for the whole year. But I can afford to pay it monthly. They are thinking of the poor, you aren't. 

Youtube is getting overrun by bad educational content. Two I've found out today alone.
  10. @bekientertainment99 [1 likes]: The video's deep dive into the use of psychological framing in marketing is truly enlightening for understanding how subtle messaging can significantly influence consumer behavior. For marketers looking to apply such psychological insights in their strategies, AdNativia offers an excellent platform. With its comprehensive tools, it's well-suited for those who want to implement nuanced and effective marketing techniques in their native advertising campaigns.
  11. @IntermarkGroupAgency: Check out our webinars to learn more about marketing psychology: https://bit.ly/2KGKk2m
  12. @keilgre5319: Annoying music.
  13. @justthoughts8872: Framing
  14. @TheRealworld-cb7yh: good work broo
  15. @상원-y1j: Framing is a powerful marketing tool, but it must be used ethically. When brands manipulate perception through misleading frames, they risk damaging consumer trust in the long term. Ethical framing should aim to clarify value, not distort it.
  16. @상원-y1j: Framing should be used ethically, not to mislead consumers
  17. @Talent.Oracle: Really well explained!
  18. @Giordanoo-v7k: Hi, I have USDT on TronLink and need to transfer to Binance. The seed is ( cricket message resemble lumber kiwi voyage distance document width gun awake glass ) anyone can help me ?
  19. @DylanPazclips: Can anyone tell me what that type of editing is called?
  20. @Ayusmita-zt7uv: Good content.

- How ads manipulate us - and how to resist | BBC Ideas: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Advertising is particularly good at attaching emotions to brands. A terrific example from years back is a car called the Renault Clio. Years ago they launched with an advertising campaign featuring a couple of daft French people, Papa and Nicole. The whole idea of that ad was supposed to be that the Renault Clio is a terrifically easy car to drive. However, when you look at that ad what you're looking at is two people flirting, being terrifically sexy. And of course what that does, is result in you thinking the Renault Clio is a terrifically sexy little car, and lots of people want to be sexy. The result? The most successful car launch ever in the UK. Meta-communication are all the twiddly bits - the music, the characters, the setting, the storyline... Anything that's not actually to do with what you're telling people. The interesting thing about meta-communication is that we are programmed not to be able to unprocess it. Once it’s exposed to us, we've got it. Here's a good example: the famous Apple 1984 ad was shown once on midnight in 1983, and once in the Superbowl in 1984. And yet that ad is known practically all around the world. The ad is the girl running down this aisle with all these zombie-like people, and she hurls the mallet through the screen. And of course the message in that ad is very simple - the world is being dominated in that era by IBM and Apple is going to break out of that era. That idea of Apple being the defender of the people, and the defender of freedom of course reflected into Steve Jobs, who became the epitome of the defender of the people. Which means people who buy Apple computers and in most cases, astonishingly, even though that ad would never have actually been seen by them on air, they know about this ad. And they feel Apple is a terrific company. And in that respect, once you get a reputation like that established, it's there forever. There's a company called Huawei who've recently launched an ad featuring a little creature called a Gnu being photographed. And the guy who's photographing the Gnu looks at his photograph and he imagines what's going to happen to the little Gnu. It's going to be captured, it's going to be put in a zoo, it's going to have things thrown at it... So, he decides not to take the photograph. And the message is, with Huawei you can be your own judge of morality. What absolute nonsense! I mean Huawei's a phone, it doesn’t allow you to do anything. But, emotionally, very appealing. How do you stop your emotions being influenced by advertising? Well, in my book, there's only two ways to do it. One is just don’t watch any advertising. The other way, curiously enough, is to watch the ad very carefully, is to look at it and to say: What are you trying to do? "What are you trying to influence?" "What's really behind this ad?" If I see this little furry animal in the woods, what's it there for? Is it there to make me feel good about this brand? Yeah, of course it is. And by doing that, you can do something called counter-arguing. We're not used to counter-arguing the emotion in advertising, but if you look at the ads, if you look at the emotive content in the ads, if you listen to the music you can say, "Ah! I know what you're trying to do." So emotionally you can counter-argue that ad. Of course, it probably won't work but at least you can feel you're slightly more in control of your life than the advertisers are.

  Top Comments:
  1. @esselsid3727 [20 likes]: Don't get brainwashed...Buy YouTube premium...
  2. @gauchoparaguayo [6 likes]: The biggest liars in the world are not the politician it is the advertisers
  3. @user-wt3bk9nl5x [3 likes]: I'm 99,5% immune to ads. This doesn't mean i don't appreciate a good, creative ad.
  4. @simonas906 [2 likes]: thank you!
  5. @Justanordinaryperson-b8e [1 likes]: Advertisers are the cause of the attention crisis
  6. @GalustGalstyan-u4k: A broader perspective is that ads don’t just trick people—they also provide useful information about products.
  7. @쉿-h3c: 3:26
  8. @oronk60: Lmao, I've always looked at ads and picked them apart. Something about unseen influence puts me off.
  9. @yam8790: 🇪🇹🇪🇹🇪🇹🇪🇹
  10. @OgolordIntl: Watching this bbc video is advertising. Or you forgot to demonize your channel or this clip? 😒

- How Does Technology Change Consumer Behavior?: Kind: captions Language: en how does technology change consumer expectations and behaviors how do you keep up technology is moving so fast the consumer has a very hard time to keep up with it um they have multiple choices So eventually you see them racing behind it in the business if you wish of providing practice experiences and that takes time we tend to use technology actually to facilitate not to make you a slave technology is changing consumer Behavior because now we're in an era where the individual has more power than possibly any time in human history which is exciting so it's no longer just pushing messages out to people inste instead successful companies and successful organizations are seeking to understand and to partner with their their most uh prolific supporters to uh co-create a brand essentially as consumers now we are the beneficiaries of a Powers shift the powers shift is from media companies who used to control what we saw when we saw it and how we saw it or what we consumed and when we consumed and what we knew about what we consumed now the power Powers shift is with us with consumers we make the decisions we decide when we're going to watch television and where we're going to watch television meaning on what screen we decide what we want to buy based on a whole lot more information than we used to have so essentially we're getting what we need or what we want anytime anywhere everywhere and technology and innovation has created that shift in the power Paradigm I think it definitely raises their expectations and if they experience a new Behavior whether it's on their iPad or on the desktop it sets the bar for all other engagements with Communications through other channels so if they can do it once they expect to be able to do it everywhere so that really is a challenge for most communication vendors and Brands today I think a lot of us feel like we're trying to invent the future a little bit and we're trying to get people to use their phones in ways that they just hadn't used them before like it's obvious that you open up your phone and ask the maps or a search um you know some search site like a question when you're lost right but when we think about like how can how can software almost help you get lost in certain ways like if you're in a familiar neighborhood how can software push you to do something that you wouldn't have done before how can it encourage you to go to places that you haven't gone to how can it make you travel a little bit further to go try something you haven't done before when we think of this idea of like software as a motivator that's like a that's a new thing like people aren't used to software suggesting what they should do before they ask for it

  Top Comments:
  1. @sira.a.t.8529 [1 likes]: really inspiring video CE1D5
  2. @AdeSomantri-s5j: Terima kasih atas materi pembelajaran nya
  3. @syarfulloh85: terima kasih
  4. @Marselkollo-qd4qy: Thank you
  5. @roypetrucci: Keren, Terima kasih
  6. @12_kristianaratnadewi3: Thanks for information
  7. @darmawanhalawa9778: thans is informasi thea are study is tecnology thea are si imponten nouw
  8. @METIPURNAMASARI-r5j: Terima kasih atas materi nya dan penjelasannya bpk dosen sangat berguna dan bermanfaat sekali bagi saya untuk mengerjakan tugas tuton UT ini .. sehat dan sukses selalu bpk dosen wassalam 🙏
  9. @Ll.nrrbtl.Adw.: Thanks u
  10. @Muhammadirfanfanani: Ok
  11. @bagoesaja: Thank you
  12. @dimashardiansyah2447: thank you
  13. @ridwandishub7596: Thank u
  14. @playermenkrep7552: Hey Ancelotti!!
  15. @rawanabirazin1580: Nice explanation... 🎉
  16. @SukarnoHatta-i4l: Keren kk

- Marketing Psychology (Advanced): Kind: captions Language: en People don't buy products, they buy better versions of themselves. And once you understand that, every marketing decision becomes obvious. Nearly every e-commerce YouTube video and course out there only teaches you 10% of the entire equation to launching an ecom business, which are the basics, such as setting up your Shopify store, where to find winning products, how to run your ads, etc. The other 90% is what actually goes on behind the scenes when you're selling your product. And unfortunately, no video out there will teach you how to sell your specific product. Experience and knowledge is the only teacher. The reason most YouTubers only teach you the basics online is because that's what people want to hear. It gets clicks. It's easy to understand. But instead, in this video, I'm going to go above all that. I'm going to be giving you the marketing frameworks and theories that have allowed me to scale into over 11 million in ecom sales in these past few years. My name's Colin Zecom. I've been in the e-commerce and drop shipping space for over 6 years now. And I'm qualified to teach you this because this same knowledge is what allowed me to actually go from losing money daily to scaling a recent brand of mine last year to 5 million in sales. So without further ado, let's jump right into it. Pillar number one, understanding the mind of a drop shipping customer. After selling so many products, you start to see patterns with who you're selling to. Later on in my journey, I started to connect the dots between who this ideal customer was for my drop shipping brand. I learned that there's a spectrum of buyers online. On one end is the utilitarian shoppers. The other end is the hydonic shoppers. Utilitarian shoppers usually do lots of research before buying. They're typically very skeptical and they don't normally impulsively purchase products online. Whereas hydonic shoppers buy for the fun of it. They like the excitement and they usually impulsively purchase products just to make them happy. I'm sure you know somebody like that. And today we're going to focus on hydonic shoppers. Because if you're advertising your product through the means of direct to consumer advertising, aka interruption marketing, aka Facebook ads, Tik Tok ads, organic marketing, etc. Basically, anything that's not a listing based platform like Amazon or eBay, then we need to focus our efforts on selling products to hideonic shoppers online. Write that down. Hideonic shoppers. Advertising algorithms will automatically place your ads in front of hideonic shoppers a majority of the time, considering you're optimizing for conversions on the advertising platform. But anyways, back to my journey. I also learned that 95% of all direct to consumer purchases were made impulsively and that the age bracket of 18 to 24 years old were 52% more likely to impulsively purchase low ticket products over any other age bracket. So I continued to narrow it down further and I found that men are more likely to impulsively purchase high ticket products in lower quantity whereas women are more likely to impulsively purchase large quantities of low ticket products. But I wasn't done with my research. I continued to narrow it down and I found that FOMO, fear of missing out, is recorded as the biggest driver to impulse purchases online, which led me to starting a home decoration store called Room Explosion, selling the Young Women on Facebook and Tik Tok with a 40% off sale that claimed it would end in the next 24 hours. FOMO. And this allowed me to hit 320,000 in sales by month number six of starting my drop shipping business and later scale it into 1.3 million within the first year of starting. But I wanted to continue to narrow it down. Okay, I understood who purchased my drop shipping products, but why did they? That's what I'll go over now. Inside of the fog behavior model, we can see that before someone makes a rapid decision, three things must converge. Motivation, ability, and trigger. They must first have the motivation to want to buy the product, meaning it's got to spark lots of joy and excitement in the hyonic shopper brain. Next, they must have the ability to do so, meaning the price needs to be within a reasonable threshold. And personally, I found that a4 to90ish price point is usually a good spot to sell in with the cost of ads today. Meaning, anything below your margins are going to be wiped, and anything higher, it's harder to capture those impulsive purchases, especially if you're a beginner. And then lastly, we need a trigger to push them over the edge of purchasing. Meaning, there's got to be some sort of urgency or scarcity in our particular case that drives a shopper to purchase right then and there impulsively. And as I continued my research, I found that this directly correlates with the areas that light up in the brain. The nucleus encumbent, motivation, lights up when it's excited and dopamine is flowing. The insula, the ability, lights up when it sees the painful price tag. And then lastly, the messial prefrontal cortex, the trigger, lights up when it believes it's gotten a good deal. For example, a 40% off sale ending tomorrow. And I could keep going down this rabbit hole of research, but I want to keep it short. Pillar number two is finding a product that connects the bridge to this audience. And the real question is, how do we find a product that this audience of people would absolutely love? We need to connect the bridge now and find this market gap. And without going too deep, I simplified my research lens down to four main variables one should check off before locking in a new product. Number one, it needs to be a want over a need. Number two, it's got to be relatively new to the market and unsaturated yet has that proof of concept. So basically a 3 out of 10 on the saturation scale. And then number three, it needs to bring joy over utility. And then number four, it needs to have a 5 to 10x markup for margins. Now, let me remind you again, this is primarily for the strategy that I use. There's a thousand different e-commerce marketing strategies out there that all work, but this is the path I've gone down over the years, and it's been extremely profitable. And most importantly, you can easily replicate this yourself. And if you want to follow my exact strategy, the link is in the description to get the full strategy that I personally use today. Pillar number three, marketing the product. Now that we understand the audience and the product fundamentals, we need to learn how to actually take all of this information out of our heads and apply it in real time. Otherwise, it's completely useless. But before we do, we need to take a look at what marketing values our product aligns with. In this tree of purchase values right here, we can see that there's primal values, emotional values, efficiency values, and social values. Pick one to three values your product aligns with and then streamline all of your marketing efforts towards selling these values. Whether that's on your advertisements, your website, your emails, etc. Only focus on just a few main selling points and sell those values hard in the copywriting and the advertisements and the emails and everything. Just for an easy example, we were selling the fidget spinner. Our three marketing values would be one, pleasure, aka satisfying, two, simple access, meaning it's easy to buy and it's cheap. And then three trends, the most important value this product had. Everybody had one of these things back in the day. It was one of the most popular drop shipping products to ever hit the market. Obviously, not a good product example for today's market, but you get the point. Next, we need to understand where our target audience is and what forms of content resonate with them. My audience is on Tik Tok and Instagram primarily. This is who I sell to with this strategy. I built an entire community and program around Tik Tok and Instagram drop shipping. and the forms of content that resonate with my audience's UGC advertisements that look like normal Tik Toks. Now, this could vary depending on what you're selling, but you need to figure out where these people are at. Otherwise, you could be advertising on the wrong platform using the wrong style of advertisement. But when it comes to my UGC ads, I like to call it Trojan horse marketing, where the viewer thinks it's a normal Tik Tok, but in reality, it transitions into an advertisement halfway through the video. Now, if your audience is an older demographic, for instance, you may want to advertise on Facebook and the style of advertisement may need to be more that professional classic styled advertisement that the older generation trusts more. Understand what platform your audience is on and then adjust your marketing to reach those people. So, as you start your journey with this form of analysis that I'm teaching you right now, you'll be light years ahead of all of your competition. This is how you have to think if you want to be successful. 10% of the equation is setting up the fundamentals like the Shopify store, finding the product, setting up the ads, etc. The other 90% of the equation is actually selling and marketing a product profitably. Keyword profitably. This is the secret behind how and why people succeed and fail with e-commerce. But here's the thing, no one can teach you how to sell your product. The only way to learn is by actually doing it and testing to see how the market reacts to your specific product and your stimulus. So once you've done your research and you're 100% ready to launch, take violent action towards the mission and never stop optimizing your business in 1% increments until you perfect it. It's going to be a lot of work. It's going to take you a lot of time, but I promise you the potential to grow an e-commerce brand in today's market is so damn high. And the money is right there if you take it. Just about anyone can make a six or seven figure income with e-commerce if they go about it the correct way. But outside of that, if you like this video and you want the full 20-hour course going over the full drop shipping strategy in full detail, click the video on the screen, go like and save that video because within the first eight hours of this video, I break down marketing psychology in extreme detail. Yeah. Outside of this, if you like this video, hit the like button, subscribe, and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @tburton2877 [1 likes]: Interesting , gonna save this and come back real scientific
  2. @yasso-v4i: Great video 💪
  3. @rajkishen3270: value bombs 💣

- Neuromarketing Techniques & How It Can Increase Your Revenue: Kind: captions Language: en what is what is neuromarking like explain it to somebody that is a business owner and why they need to know what neuromarketing is right well I guess there are multiple definitions I use a very inclusive definition very Jared which is uh any use of our understanding of how our brains work to make marketing better and I really kind of divided from there into two subsets one field has been called consumer neuroscience and it's using Neuroscience tools and also other tools things like eye tracking and Biometrics that aren't Neuroscience to measure how customers or potential customers respond to ads to content to packaging to a retail environment where you have something that you want to evaluate or better even you have two or three versions of what you want to evaluate and then you use these tools uh tools from a neural marketing standpoint could include fmri which is uh something that is primarily used for medical purposes and research purposes it's not used as much in commercial neural marketing but it's kind of a gold standard for academic work where you put a person in this narrow noisy gigantic tube that is usually used to provide very detailed imagery for medical purposes uh it can be used to see how people are responding on a second by second basis almost in real time to stimuli which could be content uh it could be two versions of an advertisement it could be a package they've even done taste tests by putting a tube into somebody's mouth and giving them tastes of things so that's more commonly commercially you see EEG used where the subject has a cap with electrodes on it and these can be ranged from very complicated with wet electrodes which are about as appetizing as they sound it means they put some goop in your hair to get really good contact which provides high quality data down to a much simpler headsets with just a couple of electrodes that are very easy they're not not intrusive at all but may not provide the depth or quality of data that the more complicated systems do anyway uh that's that's one space and that was how it started the good news in that space Jared is that it has come down in accessibility and price what used to be something that was only usable for big corporations looking at big problems a new television campaign a Super Bowl ad uh a major package redesign where they could afford to spend tens of thousands of dollars on studying the problem now uh partly driven by the pandemic but partly it had been evolving before now some of these services are available on a service basis a software base is a SAS model where you sign up for a monthly subscription pay you know 50 100 200 dollars a month and I'm talking American dollars uh uh but these are not real fixed numbers uh and you get to access these services that you can use to evaluate the same kinds of things they are often not as high quality as a detailed lab study but they are infinitely cheaper and infinitely more convenient imagine trying to recruit people like your customers bring them into a laboratory having them put goop in their hair so they can look at then your ads and see what their reaction was that's going to be very difficult to get your customers to want to do that you're probably going to have to use subjects that you hope are like your customers where these new tools are much less intrusive and we can get into some of the details on that in a bit if you want but they are much more accessible and can be used by any size business even small agencies small businesses and some are portable enough or unobtrusive enough that they can be used to measure things like training events how people are experiencing these things on a minute by minute or second by second basis the other category of neuromarketing uh is what I call behavioral marketing and that's not evaluating a specific ad or a specific image or message but rather using the tools of Behavioral Science of psychology behavioral economics to come up with better ways to Market generally I would say come out come up with a hypothesis for a better way to Market rather than just saying well yes the science says we should go with this headline rather than this other headline I would say you would use the science to say Let's test this new headline against our old headline and see if it outperforms it and those tools are also accessible to anybody who can read a book listen to a podcast watch a video on YouTube and they're very powerful and you see major corporations using these tools if you I perhaps the best example I can think of Jared are travel sites where most major corporations now the biggest corporations actually have a Behavioral Science team for marketing also for working on internal things employee experience and so on they understand how powerful Behavioral Science is but if you go to book an airplane reservation you will see all kinds of Behavioral Science tricks at play there there's only two rooms left at this price these prices are good for today only 25 people have booked this hotel in the last 24 hours all of these things are using Robert cialdini's principles of influence to try and spur customers to act right then before they click through to some other travel website maybe look at some other options

- Neuromarketing : 5 biais cognitifs pour vendre plus en E-commerce (avec @sebastientortu ): Kind: captions Language: en People say they're immune to advertising, but in fact, their inner workings tell a completely different story. The human brain is much more afraid of losing than of winning. If you lose €10 to get a gain that emotionally compensates for that loss, you need to have €25. 2.5 times that amount, we've created a fake product with an anchor price that actually allows us to sell the other one based on advertising. We estimate that people ignore roughly 99% of the ads they see. You see a truck go by, there's an ad on it, they do n't see it because it doesn't interest them. That's the case. You have to be part of that famous 1%. Well, hi everyone and welcome to this new podcast episode. I'm so happy to have you here on YouTube with Sébastien, whom you might already know. He's been on the podcast twice, and it was very successful. One of the interviews we did together got, I think, 100,100 views. So, YouTube is already pretty good for my channel, another 100 plus all the podcast listens, so I'm sure they've already heard you. To recap a bit, you came two years ago to talk to us about SEO and branding, yeah, specifically how you apply it to your homepage, your collection page, your product page. Then last year you came with something that very few people were doing, and it's becoming increasingly important: landing pages for e-commerce applications. And today I'm inviting you back to talk about another topic, like every year, since you're a regular. I think you're here, I think. I've had you and one other person on more than three times, so you're one of the top guests on the podcast. I'm sure you're on the podcast, Deo, exactly. I hope so. I think if we add up all your podcasts, you're one of the two with the most listens and views, so that's already a lot, that's already pretty good. And yeah, today... So, you're here to talk to us about applied neuromarketing again, al-commerce, since these are your areas of expertise and also things you offer with your agency, Boost Conversion. So, I'm very happy to have you back. Could you introduce yourself to the audience? Well, thank you very much, Danilo, for the invitation. Yeah, well, I 'm Sébastien Tortue, founder of Boost Conversion, a conversion optimization agency. We do what we call €6/hour for landing page conversion rate optimization, but we try to have a more holistic approach. We only do this kind of work, but we try to have a more comprehensive approach. And today, I'm passionate about human psychology, about understanding humans. And so, I've always been interested in neuromarketing, I've looked at brain studies and so on. And then, for some time now, I decided to really train myself. So, I trained with professionals, and today I'm considered an expert in neuromarketing. This is a topic I'm starting to bring up, both on LinkedIn and in my services, precisely to improve my services for my clients and better understand their customers. Okay, listen, maybe a lot of questions are coming up about this: why did I train in this? What made you decide you needed to train in neuromarketing to improve your work or just to be more comprehensive in your approach? Well, quite simply because, well, I'm passionate about people. I wanted to understand myself, you know, how I function, why I sometimes have certain reactions and other reactions. So, at some point, you have to ask yourself, "Okay, how do I function?" You know, physically, mentally, and so on. These are topics that have always fascinated me, first and foremost for myself, and then to understand others, my loved ones, you know, initially my wife, my parents, and so on. You see, it's always interesting, so I listened a lot. I've talked about a lot of things in podcasts, and then at one point I realized that in e-commerce, there's a real flaw. You see, we always talk about transactions, adding items to the cart, conversion rates, and so on, but we rarely talk about the human element. We rarely talk about the people behind your CPA, behind your conversion rate. There are real people, men and women, who are on their phones, who are out on the street, who have desires, fears, anxieties, and problems that you might be able to solve. For example, you have back pain, you're on your couch, you have back pain, and so on. Well, maybe I can offer you a solution if I can really connect with you, connect with your emotions. And so, that's something that really made me want to explore it thoroughly. And today, having clients who are quite advanced in strategy, you know, 900K Spring Hydrates Dijo and so on, well, I could see it clearly. that it was also necessary to go further because, in fact, there are a lot of misconceptions about how customers work, how they make decisions, and so on, and that I needed to bring this knowledge to my clients and my audience, and to be able to bring it to them, I needed to be more confident and therefore spend a lot more time working on it. Okay, so you had both personal reasons and reasons related to your demanding clients who spend a lot of money on advertising, and so you can't just base your messages on information you give them about their clients and use simple formulas like problem-solution. You have to go a little further than that. And actually, my second question is, what is neuromarketing for you? Because in that term you have marketing, but you also have neuro, and you think of the brain and so on. So neuromarketing is quite simple, it's really about understanding the brain, so... Neuroscience, so really the cognitive sciences, uh, about the brain, uh, applied to marketing. So it's about understanding, uh, because neuroscience is very broad, you can learn a lot of things, you see, about children, about many things, uh, to really understand how the brain works. And here it's really about understanding how it works in the service sector. So it's really about consumer psychology, you see, about the consumer. So it's really about our businesses, and in fact, it's about understanding, well, you see, how we function chemically, how we function psychologically, how we function physiologically. In fact, whatever you do, you have emotions, hormones that are secreted within you, and that's why when people say, "I'm insensitive to advertising," it's their rationality that's saying, "I'm insensitive." But in fact, inside their bodies, it's the complete opposite because, in fact, whatever happens, it will secrete dopamine, serotonin, it doesn't matter, depending on the level you're at. If you want, we can go into detail, but it will generate You see, emotions trigger hormones that mean that deep down, even if they tell themselves they're not sensitive, they actually are. That's why in the end they still end up buying products, they still end up clicking on ads. So that's really what neuromarketing is: it's incredibly fascinating. And without knowing how decision-making works, what happens in your body completely unconsciously when you're faced with a particular situation, with fear, with joy, with sadness, or whatever, well, you can hardly understand how to sell a product to that same person. So, for me, you could hardly do marketing without doing neuromarketing because what I like to say when I talk about it is that marketing isn't about selling, it's about understanding. And in fact, when you understand, there's a quote from Zigziglarard that always resonates with me when I think about all this: he says, "You can have what you want in life if you help..." Others want what they want, well for me, that's what marketing is: I'm going to help you get everything you want, to meet your deepest needs, your desires, your problems, and indirectly, without even asking, you'll give back to me. In fact, that's the basis of everything: you have to be interested in others so they'll be interested in you. It's Dr. Carne who says that, since we're quoting some pretty well- known authors, but that's what marketers think. So, for a long time, they ignored that. There's surely a reason. What makes marketers... they don't say... I'm not talking about the marketer who works in an e-commerce company. Wait, I'm going to try to understand a little better how my clients work and get inside their heads. Why do they ignore that? Basically, people don't even know who they are. That is to say, if you do a street interview and ask how you make a decision, what the emotions are, the decisions, and so on, 90% of... People who will say, "I have no idea," well, I would have told you it's a mix of emotion and, as I said, rationality, but we'll talk about that later. It's not about discussing certain things, but in any case, people aren't very interested in it. And besides, they went to school, you see, we know a lot of them, they went to business schools and so on, and they were never taught how their customers' brains work, how decisions are made, what role emotions play in purchasing, and so on. Why? Because it's also a fairly new science, you see, let's say it's 20 years old, so it's a bit older, but in the last 20 years we've never learned so much. That's what I wanted to talk to you about, but neuroscience, you know Andrew Berman very well, I suppose. He says it's been since the 70s that they discovered dopamine or something like that. Can you imagine, that was just 50 years ago? What's with this foot hormone that makes us literally addicted to all sorts of things? And actually, what you're saying is really interesting because basically, consumer society as we know it is only 50 years old, oh yeah, after the post-war boom, well, during the "Thirty Glorious Years" it really started, right? So that's 50 years ago. And actually, our brain has been the same for thousands of years; it hasn't evolved much. When you study it, it has evolved a little, but not that much, and especially in the last 50 years, it hasn't evolved that much. And so we've kind of stuck with our old ways. And so in business school, they teach you that you have to explain all the specifics of your product, that you have to appeal to rationality, that you have to justify your price, that you have to do this and that, and so on. All of that is wrong because emotions and decisions are made by emotions, and that's been proven. And I like this example because Sometimes it's proven the opposite. How can we prove that emotions affect decision-making? Well, there's a well-known study by Antonio Damazio that proved that when you have certain brain lesions, you lose connections between certain neurons—connections related to your emotions—and therefore you feel fewer emotions and are less able to make decisions. And in fact, there are brilliant people who hold important positions, and so on, and yet they have trouble making decisions because they feel fewer emotions. Why is that? Because what are emotions? They're a lot of feelings, but they're also a lot of experience, a lot of past experiences, and so on. That is to say, you associate events and things with certain emotions. And today, you're capable, sometimes, of being all alone in the street in the middle of the night, there's nothing, there's nobody, and yet you'll have a reflex because Actually, your brain is made to pick up on these kinds of little things. It's an emotion, fear for example. That will lead you to make a decision: Do I cross the street? Do I turn around? Do I run? Do I do nothing? It's clear, it's clear. Imagine you were, I don't know, attacked when you were younger, so it was a super strong emotion. Ten years later, you're fighting in a street, there aren't many people, and you see someone following you. What do you do? Nobody. You relive that emotion, and that's what's important. And at that moment, you're not being rational at all. Yes, because maybe there's nobody there. In fact, you see people. This person is a normal person. Nobody. They're completely normal. Has this ever happened to you? Actually, one day, coming home a little late from a party, there was a girl. I was walking behind her, and since I have long legs, I caught up with her, but I I was in my own little world with my headphones on, and so on. The girl suddenly started running because she must have been afraid I was going to attack her. And while it was clearly not interesting what you were saying, it's especially important to We're always told that the brain is either emotional or rational, but that's a total misconception. Yeah, I'll talk to you about that too, because I would tell you, " Wait, I'm a very rational person," because it's reassuring. We all want to be rational. There's nobody who says, well, very rarely, I'm 100% emotional. I make all my decisions instinctively. Nobody says that. You get the impression you're a bit out of touch, you know? But actually, the person who said that would be telling the truth, because it's precisely Damazio who said that 8 to 15% of decisions are made by emotions. So to understand that, you have to understand how the The brain works, so we don't have two brains as we've often been told: an emotional brain and a rational brain. That's wrong. Left brain, right brain—for those who don't know, that's not true. That's a mental image created by a scientist to explain how we function. But in fact, he simplified things so much that he created a false belief, which leads people today to think that there are, like, " I'm going to my left brain to, I don't know, plan my vacation," and my right brain to go buy a computer, exactly. When that's completely false, you only have one brain. I think if you opened your skull, there would only be one brain. And in fact, this brain is composed of two systems: System 1 and System 2 by Daniel Kenman. System 1 is precisely your brain, which will... Being hyper- instinctive, hyper-fast, actually draws on your memories, on everything you've experienced, to make very quick decisions. If I say 2 + 2 + 4, okay, you haven't thought about it because you know it, you see? Your System 2 is the one that can settle down and consider, and consider, and think about much more complex things, and which therefore comes in as a kind of rescue at certain times when your System 1 ca n't make decisions. Yeah, that's what I'm saying, that's the problem. Yeah, it's that System 2 has trouble making decisions because, in fact, it's capable of reasoning, but since it takes in too many parameters, in the end it gets stuck, it can't make a decision. Give an example you might know, but when you have to buy a car that costs €100,000, obviously you're going to use System 2 more, and at the end of the day it's System 1 that will kick in. You know, I'm just finishing with System 1. And 2, and with that example, you'll understand, if I say "square root of 16," it's too complex, it's... it's... what is it? Or... but... Anyway, a little bit... you must have thought about it. There are people, if I ask them "square root of 16," they'll answer you in a second because, in fact, their brain... and that's why it's important, because we don't all have the same System 1 and the same System 2. There are some, I think, if we go to Airbus and do a street interview and we interview the engineers leaving the office, mental calculations... they'll blow us away because those guys do that all day long, and in fact, that's their System 1. If, on the other hand, you go to the exit of a drama school and you ask exactly the same question, there you're using System 2, you lose them, and in fact, they'll get lost. Their brain will consume a huge amount of energy because, in fact, if you ask them to think about the square root of 144... How do I do it, and so on? So either they'll manage, but it will take time, it will cost them energy, it will be tiring, or, conversely, if I tell you 2 + 2, everyone is capable of doing that, it doesn't cost energy, and it's a quick answer. And in fact, the brain's job is to make sure you expend as little energy as possible. That's why, you, who are a great runner, if you do 25 x 10 km, your body will save energy after a while because it will understand how to save energy. Because we mustn't forget that for a long time, the brain was used to protect us. I would say that, for me, the main function of the brain is to protect you, understood like that. So that's why it makes quick decisions because, in fact, if a lion comes out of a log, you do it, it's instinctive, it's that system. If you start Something to think about, oh wait, how many kilos? And if I hide, yeah, yeah, that's it, you don't have time to think, no time. So you see, that's really it, system 1, system 2. So when you understand that, and this is already super important, fast, slow, and so the more you want to get a decision made, if we go back to e-commerce, the more you want your customer to make a decision, the more you'll have to talk to them using their system 1, so they can make a quick decision. And that doesn't mean manipulating them, it just means making sure they understand things perfectly so their brain can instinctively react. So your ad shouldn't have the square root of 16, but rather more... That's why we always say you have to simplify the message so it's easy to understand, for example. And in fact, sometimes we say, but that's infantilizing. It's true, it can be the case, but... What you need to think about is mental imagery. Does my client understand what I 'm explaining? Can he quickly project himself into the situation without thinking? It takes hours to understand what I 'm telling him, which is why you should avoid talking about difficult things. That's also why those who are very good at storytelling are very talented, and sometimes people even call them " variants," but no, they're just people who can address people's emotions, make them experience an emotion. Because we remember stories, but we don't remember numbers. That's also why we invented—well, not just numbers, actually— complex things. That's why we invented writing. Before writing, people knew how to tell stories. There are religions that were able to tell their stories without all that, because we told stories. However, as soon as it became necessary to do complex things, to solve math and C equations, it was better to write them down. It's exactly the same thing. So it's extremely important to keep that in mind, to understand that decisions are made by emotions, and that if you don't Don't evoke emotions, you won't make customers buy. And often, to conclude on this point, regarding why marketers don't do this, well, firstly, because it's the initial question, or rather, because most of them don't know what I just told you, and secondly, because it's difficult to answer this question. It's much easier to tell your boss, "Well, actually, customers aren't buying the product because, after answering a questionnaire, they considered it too expensive," rather than saying, "Well, actually, it's our brand, it doesn't evoke emotions, the message isn't strong, it doesn't give them anything, and in fact, they're not capable of buying something." And you mustn't forget that most people buy iPhones for 1200 or 1500 euros even when they earn 1200 euros a month. Yeah, and that's, of course, not at all rational, not at all rational. Not to be rude, I was going to use that example, but we all know that when it comes to phones, you can get more or less the same thing as an iPhone, well, obviously, for half the price, sometimes with the same features. So it's not a question of features, it's really that simple. And when you understand that, you question a lot of marketing beliefs. There are a lot of people who don't want to face this reality because they don't understand it, and also because it creates more complex responses. How does your brand create emotions? It's much harder than saying what the right price is or how to properly smooth out its features. So it leads to the question: how do you speak to System 1? So I suppose there are shortcuts, cognitive strategies, so what are these cognitive strategies you can use to talk to System 1? And if it's possible to apply them to commerce, that's even better, since there are tons of strategies, you see, there are... Hundreds more are still being discovered, you see, the study of the brain is n't complete, but if I give you an example that I really like to use, mainly on the landing page, it's what we call the loss version. Why? Because the brain doesn't react to risk or loss—no, it's different. It's the loss version, but it's not the risk version. It's not the same thing. No, no, it's the version. It could be close, but it's the loss version. It's about telling you, in fact, we don't like to lose. If you go back 200 years ago or whatever, you harvested your fruit, and so on. If I tell you, "Well, you lost your harvest," it's going to be difficult because you could potentially die if you no longer have anything to eat, and so on. Yeah, whereas instead, if we tell you, "You have your harvest, and I can give you five more apples," five more apples, that's it. Well, maybe it won't change your life because you had There's already plenty to eat, so yeah, it could be cool, I'll make some more compote, but in the end, you see, it's not going to change your life. So, basically, the human brain is much more afraid of losing than of winning, for the exact same amount, between winning C or losing 5. And in fact, exactly, that is to say, if you lose €10 you'll be disgusted, if you win €10 you'll be happy, but it's not going to be the same. Besides, it's been proven that in financial terms, if you lose €10, to have a gain that compensates from an emotional point of view, you need to have €25, 2.5 times, okay, because when you bet and you start losing even €5, you say you need at least €12 to really compensate for that, so you're going to bet again, exactly exactly. And so it's really this fear of losing that makes so many people fall into addictions in all sorts of things because, in fact, this emotion is Too strong a desire, and besides, there are people who, conversely, have yet another form of BIA (Business Analysis Index), but I'm not going to say they go to the casino to lose, for example, but rather they go to experience the emotion of the fear of losing, the fear of losing because it's actually dangerous. It's a bit like guys who ride motorcycles at 300 km/h, you see, it's a bit the same thing, it's risk-taking, danger, and I'm not going to say that losing suits them because, well, it's this emotion that is so strong that people want to experience it. So, if I take an example, for example, in commerce, regarding the loss scenario, it's saying, for example, today on 95% of subscription sites, it says that by subscribing you earn 10% or you save 10 per order, or conversely, if you said 100 subscribers you lose 10% on each order you place and That works better, yeah, that works better, and it's true that I remember those things, but it's so difficult to apply because it's counterintuitive, as you know. You always think about what you're going to gain, not what you're going to lose, or what you could lose—sorry, exactly what you could lose. And so that's incredibly important. So you see, instead of saying you gained 10% in productivity, well, it's actually every day that passes you lose 10% in productivity, 10% in results. If you do n't do this or that, what am I losing? Yeah, and so you want to do it, you want to do it. Yeah, it's very good that you remind us, that you explain it like that, because I think people don't understand it well like that, generally speaking. And that's super important. And by the way, you see, I created a prompt AI to tell your Starting from the loss perspective, so sometimes it's a bit much, but it allows you to find interesting things. You should n't do it on all your messages, but it's true that on messages like this, about subscriptions, it potentially makes sense for using such a tool. It can make sense for other things, okay? We talked about the loss perspective. There could be social desirability, that's obviously true. Man is, well, humans are social animals; they need others to exist. If we go back 200 or 300 years, if you 're not in a group, you die. Because, well, you see, you have to be able to protect yourself from the elements, from the harshness of life, from all that. You were forced to be in a clan. Only 200 years ago, that's nothing at all. But yes, of course, today you can live a little more alone, but you see, when you're all alone, all alone, it's still complicated. If you're on a... Going it alone is complicated, so you need, you see, you need to be desired by a group, and you need to feel like you belong to a group. So, as soon as you can highlight social proof that you have a significant number of clients, that these clients are happy, and all that, well, then you'll be able to thrive. You'll be able to create this desirability by saying, "Okay, I too can be part of this group. I can be, you see, I recognize myself in this group and therefore in this person." For example, when you do ads, when you create landing pages, and so on, it will be interesting to include people. That's why it's extremely important to include people so that visitors can ask themselves, "Okay, do I identify with these people?" If I land on a landing page with only people over 70, I'm not going to identify with them. Maybe with my parents, my grandparents, it doesn't matter, but in any case, if that's the message for me, I'm not going to identify with them. For example, if I see people my age, you know who... who have a lifestyle like mine, and so on, I'll identify with them, and that's what's going to be important. So you see, you'll be able to play on that too, to make sure that, well, your client isn't all alone from the start, you see, and that they're part of a group, part of a community, part of that. And so, for example, one of our landing pages— I can say this because it's been running for so long now that a lot of people have seen it, those who analyze the landing pages of well- known brands in France, like Spring—yeah, that's why 60,000 French people decided to throw away their laundry detergent. So, if you do like them, basically, that's why they did it, so why wouldn't you? It's strong, yeah, that's your hook at the beginning of the landing page, that's my headline, and so that's social desirability. It's almost a loss-making version, by the way. If you don't do it, why aren't you with them? Exactly, so you see, and there are plenty of examples like that. Framing, we were talking about price earlier, framing or anchoring, whatever you want to call it, is precisely about creating a framework to tell yourself if tomorrow you arrive at, uh, let's take the example of a restaurant, you open the wine list, what's important to know is that humans struggle with numbers, it's really something they have trouble conceptualizing, and so they'll always make comparisons. So you'll have an idea of the price of a bottle of wine, you see that you're able to spend, so indirectly you'll look for that kind of price. Except that if you see that you open the page and you see €1000, €500, and in fact you're there, you had a budget of €30, but in fact there's a bottle at € 60, well, that one will seem cheap, it won't seem too expensive because Actually, you'll have seen some so expensive ones next door, and it's a good way to be able to sell at a higher price and justify a price. I'm not going to mention the brand because we agreed it would remain a secret, but we created a fake product—well, not a fake product, but we created a product with a price that has an anchor price, a PR (Price Point) that allows us to sell the other one, you see? And that's really interesting because you can play on that to make sure your price isn't always... It's always me, you see, when I present my offers—it sounds silly, I know what you're talking about—I present the cheapest offer first, then the more expensive ones. So you can start with the most expensive offer. Here's our premium offer, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's it. Obviously, it's a higher budget, yeah. And then, on the other hand, there are entry-level offers that I can also present to you here. So never talk about entry-level offers because nobody wants entry-level, you know, or they're not the right customer, you see? We have star offers, you have to find a way to present them, but in any case, start with the expensive one. Bam, it's €5,000 per month! Oh yeah, I wasn't expecting that. On the other hand, that's for customers, and there you can play on desirability and so on. These are customers who might spend a little more or who are in a significant maturity phase, but wait, I 'm mature too, I'm something too. And in fact, you'll then be able to present the second or third offer. Often, apart from the third, it works well too, but you'll be able to present the second or third. And in fact, if you manage to create desirability, to create scarcity, on the first offer, you have a much better chance of making them want to take it, and/or that they'll be sure to take the second one because, in fact, they'll want the third one. that it will seem so far removed from the service of the first one that he will want at least that first one, or even that second one. In short, all of this is extremely important to understand and know in order to evoke emotions. And here we are really talking about playing on emotions to make customers want to buy. So, how many of these tickets do you use in e-commerce for your customers? Without thinking too much about it, I would say there's a list of 20 or 25 that exist, but they are more difficult. And then there are also, you see, it's important to tell yourself that the low-quality option is neither good nor bad. That is to say, it's really your brain that takes shortcuts to allow him to buy more easily. If he has to take all the parameters into account, he will make his decision. So it's extremely important for him. You see, we were talking about social desirability earlier. Okay, well... There are 100,000 customers who bought it, they have a 4.8 rating. I had a similar experience two days ago. I came across a product that, while benchmarking, I saw could solve one of my problems that I hadn't even specifically considered. It's there, for example. I see that there are 20,000 or 30,000 customers. I go on Trustpilot, they have like 1,000 reviews, 4.8 rating, and the bad reviews are: " He didn't achieve..." Yeah, yeah, suddenly I say, "Wait, I'll take it because the risk, again, the risk of me being wrong, is still extremely low, and besides, if I'm wrong, I can always blame others." Wait, I don't understand, there were 1,000 positive reviews. How do you see that? And at worst, since I'm going to post-rationalize because that's always what emotions are after rationality, well, since I've post- rationalized, I'm going to say, "Yeah, but at the same time, I'm not like other MS people." I'm not like the others, and I'm going to move forward like this, so you see, that's why it's so important. What you have to understand is that we use our money to reason faster, make decisions more easily because there's too much information. Then we make the decision, and then we rationalize it. That's the thing. It's a really beautiful car, yeah, you buy a really beautiful car. A better example than a car is your wife, marriage, whatever. Imagine you ask me, you ask me, yeah, I know the question, so I can answer you. But if you ask me why you love your wife, the truth is it's emotional, so you ca n't explain it. You can't say, "She has beautiful hair," or "I like the conversations I have with her." You ask the question in the street, "Why do you love the person you love?" Well, people will answer, "She's a good cook." We laugh, no, but we laugh a lot, but because you're actually asking for rationality, because you're rarely able to explain. Your question is really interesting, I find it interesting too. You ca n't explain your emotion, but you still seek validation, especially in this case where you ask yourself, " Why marry her?" Well, of course, because you find lots of reasons to explain something. You can explain it to me if you ask me why I married my wife. You see, it's almost a philosophical question, and I need to do some introspection. You didn't just make an Excel spreadsheet saying, "If I leave..." And you see, you're talking to my System 2 because I'm forced to think, "Wait, how do I rationalize my emotion?" And so the most obvious answer is, " She makes me laugh, she's very beautiful, she's enterprising, she supports me, she's a good cook." And you rationalize it with rather pragmatic things. Pragmatic, true, but actually, if I give you someone who has all these same qualities, yeah, that doesn't mean you... that you'll love it more, love it more than your wife exactly, or super interesting, well, we were on that, but we're on the subject of tickets. However, I had another question about tickets: what happens when you use them incorrectly or if you don't understand them? Can it have a negative effect? Oh, well, completely. In fact, all biases, once again, are both positive and negative. Positive, why? Because, once again, it's your brain that decides to take it to make a quick decision. Yeah, and so, to do you a favor, I need to make a quick decision, I... I... I'll take this ticket, and in fact, it's almost like saying I'll take this shortcut. I know a shortcut, rather than doing 3 km, well, I'll only do one. It's logical, I'll save gas. I'll... all that in reverse. If we were talking about the loss scenario earlier, if I do too much, if I tell you, you'll lose your productivity, you'll lose your clients, you'll lose all your revenue, so you'll... You'll lose your employees, then you'll lose your wife because you didn't get the software. You'll be afraid, but you'll say it's an exaggeration, yeah, it's an exaggeration. You see, you'll fall into a situation where you'll say, "Actually, I don't feel concerned anymore." You see, if we, as entrepreneurs, have a group of entrepreneurs who tell us, "Don't miss out! By not coming to our events, you'll miss out on networking opportunities," and so on, you say, "Okay, that's great!" If the guy says, "Actually, you're missing out on life," yes, again, yes, well, dude, I have my life without you, then you fall into an extreme that makes your brain go on alert because it thinks, " Wow, what is he telling me?" And he's going too far. So that's what's really important: finding the right balance, knowing how to address emotions without manipulating. Speaking of social desirability, I've always been told you can never have too much social proof. You can never have enough opinions, you can never have enough community aspects to highlight, or human elements. What do you think about that? Do you think it's true, or do you think, on the contrary, that you have to find the right balance? I would say that you have to find the right balance. If you only focus on the human element, on the community, in the end you no longer talk about your products. Exactly, to tell you the truth, we did the test on a client where we were doing a... The landing page is very UGC-heavy, so we thought, okay, this guy sees a UGC page, how can we maximize social proof and make it more community-oriented? Yeah, but you realize that at some point it doesn't work any better than if you use social proof of the product, emotions related to the product, and so on. Why? Because, once again, the customer is n't going to analyze everything. You see, it's like the subway. Again, in the subway, there's still a choice to be made, and so you go too far. And again, if I tell you that over 100,000 customers have already had it, that it changed their lives, and so on, you might want to buy it. But if I go too far, if I try too hard to prove that what I'm saying is true, a little lightbulb goes off and says, "Is he really saying something true?" And so, okay, what then? You're going to look for what's called the confirmation ticket, thinking, "Maybe he's manipulating me," and then all you'll see is manipulation. So you'll go to Trpilote and you'll... well, you'll see the bad reviews, so you'll form a bad opinion, forgetting that 95% of the reviews are very good. But you saw the 5% that are bad: "Yeah, the product doesn't work, it's broken, it does n't work for me," and so on. And you're going to look for your confirmation there, so that's where it's important, you see? And again, it's about finding the right balance to appeal to System 1. If you overdo it, System 2 goes on alert: " I'm not able to make a decision, I'll rationalize, I'll search," and in fact, well, you'll lose the customer. Okay, I understand. Well, pay attention to that. So, there were other questions we... What I noted was, uh, regarding attention span, we know that today it's increasingly limited. Following what you've learned from neuroscience, have you found any technical secrets to more easily capture people's attention? Well, actually, that's kind of what we tell ourselves: the brain looks for shortcuts. The brain is super, super, super stimulated all day long. You see, I'm talking to you right now, but there are also books here, there's a light here, you move, I have my watch, maybe my phone will vibrate, you see, so much is happening that your brain is constantly super, super stimulated, and that's why it looks for shortcuts to be able to analyze what it needs. So what we need to do is figure out how it goes, for example, to advertising. We estimate that it filters out roughly 99% Advertisements he sees, you know, a truck goes by, there's an ad on it, he doesn't see it because it doesn't interest him, that's the case. So you have to be part of that famous 1%. And how do you become part of that 1%? Well, first, you need to create something new because, in fact, the brain has learned to put aside everything that seemed familiar, and so on, because it's no longer important information for him. He's seen it, you know, the logo across the street from your house, the door across the street from your house, you don't see it anymore because you've seen it so much that you've talked about it. It's really true, you can't always recycle things, they already exist. That's it. And so, okay, I need to create something new because I need to create a break, I need to create attention for him, you see? So that's going to be important. Secondly, movement, you need to create movement for him, that's why we often say, "You..." You know, in the first few seconds there has to be something, something, something, because that's what grabs attention, and right away the person will think, "Wow, I've never seen that before!" Except when you create those famous trends, you know, like tennis, you see the same trend 150 times, it's the same here, it's not new anymore, it doesn't work anymore. Like I like to say, every marketing technique eventually runs out of steam, so it's the same thing. So you really have to create something new, you see, create movement, have creativity too, because the brain likes to discover new things. So if there are things that surprise it, and so on, well, it's going to stop even if it doesn't like it. You see a statue that's a bit unusual, you look at it, you don't completely miss it, whereas potentially a statue of Victor Hugo Hugo, place, place, place, what's the name of the place in Paris? Damn, I forgot the name of the place where there are lots of statues. You might not notice it as much, so that's going to be super important. And again, creating emotions, how do I manage to create emotions? Because in fact, once you've got it, once you've gotten their attention, what you'll have to do is be able to tell them your story, to hold their attention. And for that, well, right away it's going to be, once again, what emotion do I want them to experience? Do I want to scare them? Do I want to please them? Do I want to take them to such and such a place? And so that's what's really going to create temptation. And that's why you see, for example, the guy Abrage, brother, who was doing his thing, he created a break from everything we saw on the internet, and he managed to capture attention and keep people engaged. That it doesn't work anymore, who are you talking about? You know, that guy who used to do that thing, bro, where he'd post the beginning of an influencer's video or something, who'd spend five minutes explaining something simple, and then he'd come along, grab his coffee, and say, "I saved you four minutes!" Wow, that's amazing, because all she said was that? Well, he came along, he had a breakthrough, he had something new, he had momentum because he was riding the wave of other people's successes, and then he managed to create tension and keep people engaged. Everyone started doing ABR, bro, and his account died, it died because he lost interest, and you see, there's nothing left. So that's what's really important. The point is ultimately to find a way to reinvent yourself. You have to be attentive to what's happening, you have to identify trends. You can identify trends that are happening elsewhere, that are n't happening in your market, and then adapt them. Exploit, and then you said playing on emotions, and lately it's been about exploiting movement in your creative work, well, it doesn't really matter, not advertising, okay, yeah, okay, okay. Something else that's interesting to keep in mind is what we call neurochemistry. Yeah, it's really about saying, like we were talking about, you see, you have emotions deep inside you that will allow you to relive your experience. You're on your phone, you're on your phone on your couch. Who is your... I don't know... the person who inspires you the most in the world? Not saying Elon Musk, that's classic. Let's say it's Elon Musk, whatever. Imagine it's Elon Musk. You're on your... you're on your Instagram feed. You 're there on your couch on a Saturday or Sunday night. You scroll, and there you see a picture of Musk. Hey, you stop. Yeah, you see he has a great watch, you see a bit of a high-end one, and so on. What happens then? Dopamine creation. Desire, or you know, uh, I crave anticipation, damn, what would I be if I had the same watch as Elon Musk? Would I be something, something, or maybe not the same guy? Maybe it's a smartwatch that allows him to be so efficient, that allows him... you'll click on the ad, you'll land on a landing page, you'll land on a landing page, uh, and there, the landing page will tell you a story, it will tell you... you'll see that there are other customers, and so on. What happens then is that the hormone called oxytocin will be triggered, which will allow you to create a connection, to build trust. So, there, that's interesting. And then you keep scrolling, and there you see that it's not just Elon Musk, there's also Xavier Niel, there's also Bernard Arnault, there's also... and then you say, wow. serotonin, social status, but wait, if I buy it, maybe I'll also become an entrepreneur like that, yeah, you see, if they all have it, you see, so at first you have this anticipation of desire, then you have, you see, you have this thing, OK, OK, I created a link, you see, I created a link, and then wow, but wait, we 're talking about status here, and then you see that it's actually a pre- sale, and the pre-sale ends tonight, and that if you don't buy it now, it goes up 40% tomorrow morning, because you're on pre-sale, you're forced to, you're scared, so, and there, it's the hormones called cortisol, you see, that allow you at a certain point to, whoa, wait, damn, I have to take action, man, I understand when you talk about neurochemistry, I understand, OK, it's that you have different hormones that are secreted, exactly, you're going to have the Serotonin, what is it? It's the pleasure when you talk to people, or it's dopamine, anticipation of pleasure, desire, and so on. Auxytocin, you see, it's creating a bond, creating trust. Yeah, so there you are, you're building trust by showing other people, exactly, your brand is credible, the product is credible, the photos are credible, you see, you create trust. Or then serotonin, there it's more about status, you're like, okay, damn, I can be like Elon Musk. And then cortisol, cortisol, it's the... if I don't take action now. And why does cortisol come last? Because it's the emotion of fear, it's the most powerful emotion because we're afraid of being afraid, we're afraid of regret, in fact, we're afraid of regret, we're always much more afraid of regret than afraid of doing, you see. We're afraid of not doing something, and that's why you see the false words and so on working so well because you're thinking, "Wow, I might miss out on something and regret it." And regret is a very difficult emotion, which is why so many people get depressed because they regret things from their past, and years later they're stuck because at 25 they did something they regret, like dumping the wrong girl or something, because they've never been able to get over that regret. It's such a powerful emotion that if you can play with it, you can convey emotions and make people buy into it. That's interesting. So, there was a question I had right away: what's the limit of all this? That you're ultimately getting a little pleasure from people's emotions, the fact of, as you say... Playing on regret, missing out, or indeed, people are afraid of regretting not having done something. Yeah, what's the line between that and manipulating people? Yeah, so for me there's a big difference between playing on emotions and manipulating. Why? Because playing on emotions, as a human being, yeah, these emotions make you feel good, yeah, you know, like a dopamine rush, it makes you feel good. On the other hand, it can be taken in negative ways, a backlash. It makes you feel good, you see. So playing on emotions isn't a bad thing, you see, because in the end, if I make you feel good because I make you experience the right emotions, well, you're not going to regret it. That's why, once again, people buy Apple products, that's why they go to Louis Vuitton, that's why so many things happen, because we make them experience emotions. Like, for example, a girl goes to work with her new bag and others look at her and think, " Wow, classy, nice, nice, everything." Yeah, you feel it, so you need that to live, okay? Manipulation, for me, is getting someone to buy something they don't need. I was going to say that, I was going to say exactly that, something they don't need and that they'll regret, that they'll regret. Okay, you see, we've all been there, I don't know, been at a market, gotten taken in by some kind of salesperson who comes in with arguments, who sweet-talks us, who sells us something or other, and you go home, you look at the thing and you say, " Why did I buy that? It's useless, I've never used it." And then you have the feeling of having been manipulated. And the big difference is that there's one with which you can create a brand and the other with which you can't create a brand. If you play on manipulation, well, the customer who goes home and regrets their purchase will never buy again, as always. Yes, so if you paid x euros, you see on your website or whatever, to make them buy Actually, you've already lost because, well, he's not going to use it, so he's not going to talk about it, he's not going to give you feedback, and if he does, it'll be negative. You see, you've lost everything. So, if you play on emotions, and on the right emotions, the customer will be happy with what he bought and he'll be happy to leave you a positive review. He'll be happy to tell his family about it, he'll be happy to show his product to everyone because, once again, he'll have experienced something positive and so he'll want to share it. You see, it's like sports clubs, you know, sports clubs, football clubs, and so on. If they give you a great feeling, you'll be very proud to tell everyone that you're a supporter of that club. If you've been losing every match for three years, you won't be able to support that club anymore. You'll hide your jersey, you won't fit in anymore. We lost, they lost, exactly. So you see... The limit is there, and it's a fine line, but it's incredibly important to find. That's why, for example, on our websites, we avoid as much as possible anything like "there are only two products left in stock" or "there's no more of this," because it works, but if the customer realizes they have n't bought it yet, and then three weeks later sees "there are only two products left in stock," either they'll think, "Actually, nobody bought it in the meantime," you see, if they don't have the perspective, they'll tell nobody who bought it in the meantime, so all the work you've done on social desirability falls apart, or they'll think, "Okay, they're messing with me," and then they don't want to buy it anymore. So you see, that's where it's incredibly important to find the right framework for what you're studying. As always, you mustn't lie, you mustn't exaggerate, you mustn't overdo things, otherwise, well, there are so many people who want to create brands or And those who want to pull off a stunt, if you want to pull off a stunt, it works, but with added value, well, you fall into what we call dark patterns. Go for it and try to find the right balance so that customers don't go over to the other side, but go for it if you want to create a long- term brand. You see, with a spring, we're not going to say there's too much left in stock because in fact they sell thousands a day, or a month, you see. So at some point, it's not going to be credible, and I hope, I even hope that if I had the idea to do it, the boss would tell me, "No, don't do it, because I find it ridiculous." So you see, it's this balance that's important to find, and to tell yourself again, you have to evoke emotions, you have to evoke emotions that are ultimately positive, even if you can play a little on fear, even if you can play on all that, in the end it must still be positive so that the customer wants to buy again and wants to talk about you, not that. It all depends on the ethical side of the marketer in question, of course. Okay, because we often make the mistake of saying there's a left brain and a right brain, which isn't true. In reality, we make decisions not only emotionally, but also with a degree of rationality that comes into play. Ultimately, not so much as that, rather, in post- theory. Are there other marketing beliefs you could debunk, to your knowledge, regarding remarketing? For example, that customers know what they want. There's a well-known quote from Henry Ford who said, "You see, if I had asked my customers what they wanted, they would have bought a horse quickly." It's an old quote, but it still holds true and is interesting. However, many people, when they conduct surveys, create questionnaires, and so on, completely forget this, thinking that the customer will be able to innovate, will be able to have ideas. But the customer isn't capable of that; they are capable of experiencing emotions and they are capable of rationalizing them. So, if you base your reasoning on... Regarding the rationality of his response, you're on the wrong track again. He'll tell you the price, he'll tell you the thing, he'll tell you what he knows, what he has references on, except that, okay, it's too expensive, but he bought it anyway, you see? Yes, because in fact, you've brought something else to life, you see? So really, saying that customers know what they want is false, and that's why today there are many tools, you see, on H-maps, on analytics, and so on, that will allow you to understand what they do. And in fact, neuromarketing is what's important: it's not understanding what they want, it's understanding what they do, yes, and understanding what they feel. Hence the fact that you're not too fond of customer surveys. You ask, "What's your problem?" or "What's the ideal solution for you?" Does it work? Doesn't it work? Because in fact, you're appealing to rationality, to System 2, but that's not the The system of who should make the decision, so you see, you're already in complete disagreement with yourself about the answers you're expecting. It's true that I find asking people for the solution pointless, asking if it's too expensive pointless, well, they'll all say it's for it, well, it's always too expensive, it's always too expensive, there's never anyone who will say no, it's not expensive enough, it's not expensive enough. You really have to, at the very least, have people vote on the price. I don't know what surveys you could use, but it doesn't work, it's often biased in 95% of cases, maybe a little more. The second bias, well, the second thing to debunk, is that I give my customers more choices, but in fact, often too many choices. You have the choice, oh yes, that's it. A classic, there was a book on that, "The Paradox of Choice," exactly. It's one of the most important things, the paradox of choice. Honestly, I 'm subscribed to Netflix, but I almost never watch it. When I do, I have no idea what to watch. There are a lot of choices, but then they try to feature things, highlight them, and so on. So, of course, but you see what I mean? They do that work, you know, to try to make your choice easier and guide it, because that's what's important. You have lots of websites, lots of products on your site, that's not a problem, you see. However, what you'll need to do is be able to refocus at some point on the exact needs of the customer. They'll use very specific methods, the customer's favorite choice, the thing that will actually allow customers to make informed choices. It has a huge impact, so you see, that's extremely important, and I see a lot of brands getting lost in... Add options, stuff, because that's what my clients want. It's not that, it's what they told you they wanted, but it's not what they actually want. What they want is this: keep it simple. What they want is, obviously, if you tell them how we can improve the product, they'll look into it because they're polite, or of course, you see, they're not going to tell you, "Well, you shouldn't do anything, it's perfect, you should stay as it is." No, you ask them a question, they look into it, so that's an important point. And then the third point, the one marketers bring up the most, and which is surely one of the most false, is the price. Okay, you see, the price barrier, it's too expensive, there's nothing too expensive. Yes, it's that you don't want to increase your price too much, but that's not true, it's not true, it's just a story, actually, it's just a story about positioning, about the story you're telling, yeah, and about possible comparisons with the Competition, yes, exactly, obviously you won't be able to tomorrow if you're selling, I don't know, shower gel, do FO 5 if all the competitors are 5 times cheaper, I 'm sure you will, but yes, that's it, but you could do it if you come from a Mani or something, justify what's in it, you know a little bit of the story, right? No, you don't have to justify what's in it, you have to be able to tell the story that will make the customer feel involved and they will be able to buy this product. Remember with Apple when they released the iPhone 16 or 15 and they said it was made of titanium, they said yes, it's the titanium that we find on this planet, plus what they said about it being used by astronauts, I don't remember which one, to build rockets, something like that, and you say, oh yeah, I'm totally buying a piece of a rocket, exactly, exactly, you see? And that's purely emotional, they tell you stories based on the product features, but obviously between the iPhone versions there are still some The changes are quite minimal, you see, between the 15th, the 16th, and the 14th, it's minimal, but you tell a crazy story, or maybe a studio camera you have in your pocket, something like that. So it facilitates mental images, mental image, mental emotion, and in the end, it's not, once again, it's not the price. Otherwise, ask yourself, why does everyone have an iPhone, or almost everyone? Because even other phones today are still quite expensive. Why do luxury car brands manage to be so successful? Why don't you buy a Tesla? Because you're an environmentalist. Have you ever seen the faces of guys who drive Teslas? Most of them take planes, private planes, and so on. That's not ecological at all. It's become a status symbol. I was going to say it's a status symbol. I think socially, I think of status symbols, of course. And it's not a question of electricity, well, electric vehicles, and it's not a question of price, but at the same time, this... What Elon Musk has achieved is that he's taken cars away from some of the biggest polluters, because it's not your little car, you know, the brand new one you bought at Twingo, etc., that pollutes the most; it's the big SUV, always. Except, if the guy has a Tesla instead of an SUV, well, maybe that's already a bit of a victory, it's already good because it's not those people you're going after, it's not the ones with Twingos you're going after, it's precisely those who have bigger cars, of course, that consume a lot, and and people often get confused about that, you know, they say, well, so Tesla or something else, but the target is the environmentalists, no, no, the target is the people who pollute. But I'm going to tell them a new story, I'm not going to tell them to be eco-friendly because if you tell them to be eco-friendly, it's not going to resonate with them, it's not going to resonate with them, why? So, these guys have their fancy cars, but if they needed to be eco-friendly, they would have asked themselves that question before buying the fancy car, of course, before taking private car or whatever, you see, so they don't ask themselves that question. On the other hand, if you sell them social status and on top of that, you justify it, and especially give them a reason to rationalize by saying, "Well, of course, I bought the new Tesla because it's eco-friendly, it runs on electricity, and it's so much better for the planet." Those are the features to justify your purchase, exactly. We're almost done. I have one last question for you because you know we've talked a lot lately, especially you and me, since we talk from time to time by video message. What's the future of neuromarketing? Neuro-cross, as you mentioned, seems to be linked to our cat friends, GPT, our cat friend, GPT, who can do pretty much anything. Ah, so... So, it's precisely this whole analysis part, you see, because CRO involves a huge amount of customer data analysis and so on. Being able to extract patterns from thousands of customer reviews is much easier than doing it yourself by reading every single line. Being able to identify patterns on your website, to analyze people's behavior when they're on the website— you know, we've talked about this kind of thing quite a bit. Well, there are tools that are starting to integrate this well, so basically, the conclusion of your itmap is already done. All of this is incredibly interesting because it will allow you, once again, and for our profession, to offer a much more premium service to clients for the same price. Because instead of my CRO manager spending a whole day doing an analysis, if they spend more than three hours on that analysis, they'll spend more time on the strategic side. He's going to have better ideas and he's going to be able to seek more growth, so for me that's really it. And so obviously we're still only at the beginning, I think there are still a lot of things to come, but for us it's incredibly interesting because, once again, well, as I was saying earlier, you have a good prompt on the version, you're able to tell a completely different story in 2 seconds, you integrate it into your LP, you test it, and off you go, you see? So yeah, I'm investing a lot in it, I'm training a lot, I'm developing an internal tool precisely to have this unlimited creative capacity, this ability to have unlimited ideas, because in the end I think that's what counts, and being able to structure all of that. And so for me it's, as you were saying in our discussions, it's more of a nice to-do obligation, but speaking of that, I'll finish by saying that I know you sometimes put it in advance, you have prompts on Prompt chat that can help with the growth part, so if you want to highlight them, please do. Yeah, yeah. Well, actually, you know, my goal is to help as many businesses as possible. Today, with the agency, we have a rather premium positioning in terms of service because we want to support brands where we really have the ability to create change, so we have to invest the resources, we have to invest people, and people cost money. There's no way around it. So, at a certain point, and I know that not everyone can afford that, for about a year now, we've decided that every little thing, every big lesson we learn, we'll pass on for a fee. So, we did a lot of free stuff, but we did a huge amount of free stuff during the beginning of this adventure. We continue to do it, but since then, we've been... We're paying because we believe that at some point everything has value, you see, and so we developed a method we called the Océ method (in green) around landing pages to really understand how to reach the different levels of customer awareness, which landing page to create, and so on. And obviously, when you create landing pages, you think, " How can I go even faster?" Well, with Lia, we've created quite a few prompts—about twenty today, but we add more every month—to create landing pages, improve your copywriting, improve your product descriptions, improve your emails, improve all of that. Compared to different approaches, they allow you to benefit from all our learning, all our knowledge. It's a business, so that's what I'm passionate about today. We have prompts that we sell, on which we partnered with Ruben Acide, one of the best prompt engineers in the world, who gave us the structure of the best prompts, and we added the context. ecce, inside I still have to treat myself, so there you go. Listen, put the link in the notes. Send me the link, we'll put it in the episode notes. Anyway, it was a pleasure to have you one last time in 2025, and so we'll see you in 2026. And that's it. I hope you enjoyed the episode, and I was going to say, like the video, comment, and don't hesitate to subscribe to the YouTube channel or the podcast if you listen to the audio version. It's always a pleasure. And you, we can find you all over LinkedIn and also via your YouTube channel. Exactly, thank you very much for the invitation. I hope it was cool. Anyway, see you very soon, and be careful, think of the emotions. See you soon. Bye everyone. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @denisdufresne5338 [26 likes]: Très Intéressant sujet, mais l'écoute serait encore plus intéressante si tu interrompais moins l'invité.   Plusieurs de tes interventions n'apportent rien au développement du sujet.
  2. @sebastientortu [10 likes]: Merci beaucoup Danilo pour l’invitation ! 
J’espère que l’épisode vous aura plu !
  3. @daganthomas2593 [10 likes]: L’une des interviews avec le plus de valeur que j’ai vu à ce jour ! Merci !
  4. @lemoinedefatima5480 [6 likes]: Un seul mot "Masterclasssss!"
  5. @raniarefsi3349 [5 likes]: J’ai appris énormément sur le neuro marketing, super thématique ! Ça me sera utile pour mon e-commerce. 
merci beaucoup
  6. @samirlssab4201 [4 likes]: Magnifique podcast, par contre tu casse les couilles a le couper. Laisse parler Le coupe pas toutes les 2 sec. Thanks Guys
  7. @triplet153 [3 likes]: Super video, juste beaucoup de passages où les deux voix s'entremêlent mais explications superbes
  8. @amrdiarzouita6928 [2 likes]: Arrête d’interrompre les gens 
Écoute bon sang
  9. @JulienLopez-u8z [2 likes]: sujet top, full value merci beaucoup, J’aurais juste aimé que tu le laisse développer ses idées….😊
  10. @Relaispopulaire [2 likes]: Merci super video, remplie de valeurs
  11. @ireneadande [2 likes]: Merci beaucoup pour cet épisode
  12. @franckremyona [1 likes]: Très bon contenu. De très haute qualité
  13. @clementvdb5254 [1 likes]: Un petit résumé des points les plus important dans un Google doc serait le bienvenu ! Très bonne vidéo
  14. @R.Balboa [1 likes]: La vidéo serait tellement plus pertinente si les voix n'étaient pas autant l'une sur l'autre,  le fond reste hyper intéressant, dommage on reste fixé sur les fois où on coupe Sebastientortu.
  15. @yassinehabiba6044 [1 likes]: Trop fort !
  16. @thibautcomas2608 [1 likes]: MERCI !
  17. @SoDeShow: Super contenu Danilo
  18. @JorelFranc: Merci 🙏

- Chris Voss Teaches the Art of Negotiation | Official Trailer | MasterClass: Kind: captions Language: en Everything in life is a negotiation. When you cross the street is a negotiation. Getting your coffee at Starbucks is a negotiation. You're probably in three to seven negotiations every single day. Your life could be in a completely different place just by improving how you negotiate. REPORTER: Negotiators are working around the clock. REPORTER: The deadline for execution has passed. REPORTER: With us now to help break down the investigation, FBI special agent, hostage negotiator Christopher Voss. My role as a hostage negotiator was to connect authentically with the victim, the victim's family, and with the hostage taker. Everybody really deserves to have somebody hear what they have to say. In my MasterClass, I'm going to give you all the strategies and tactics that I developed as one of the top hostage negotiators in the world. You're going to learn everything from bargaining to reading body language to the neuroscience that you can use to literally bend people's reality. You know, negotiation is letting the other side have your way. So mirroring creates the opportunity for them actually to present you with your deal, only they thought it was their idea. It's just the simple repetition of the last one to three words of what somebody said. We've got the actual recording on the Chase Manhattan Bank robbery hostage taking. CHRIS VOSS: (RECORDING) We've got a van out here. Know anything about it? BANK ROBBER: (RECORDING) You guys chased my driver away. CHRIS VOSS: (RECORDING) We chased your driver away? My training was to mirror, and the bank robber started blurting out stuff that he had no intention of saying. People love to be mirrored. They love to be encouraged to go on. These skills help you improve your life. Sometimes people say to me, these tools are just manipulation. It's about win/lose. That is not the case. Great negotiation is about great collaboration. Why does it matter to you that you should get better at negotiation? Because however your life is now, you can do better. I'm Chris Voss, and this is my MasterClass.

  Top Comments:
  1. @masterclass [51 likes]: Chris Voss Teaches the Art of Negotiation is now streaming on MasterClass https://mstr.cl/34tNa5K.
  2. @kaylagnapp5509 [1 likes]: If you value human connection, being heard, and your future, this class and his sessions alone is worth the Masterclass subscription.
  3. @behjani1: جزئيات ؟
  4. @MissWoofieWoo: anybody take any of his classes? How did it go??
  5. @behjani1: شوش حال:
  6. @dudeofnewyorkfi: Verbatim.
  7. @arbyandy3134: The FBI wins!
  8. @varun5940: King 's son become king
  9. @arbyandy3134: ALL RIGHTS RESERVED BLACK SWAN GROUP 1999-2026
  10. @behjani1: Thank you very much 😂
  11. @behjani1: 🦿💪🏿👊🏿
  12. @behjani1: Badddd😂
  13. @behjani1: بچه بازي درميارم😂
  14. @Godseyeadventures: SIR LOOKING UP TO YOUR GREAT WORK
  15. @felixernamemory9391: my favorite class! so glad I found him!
  16. @abhipatil4844: Awesome
  17. @SamPrakash-f3c: Bro sounds like mike from breaking bad
  18. @behjani1: Millionaires ♠️👀😂
  19. @behjani1: 🤌🏿😂
  20. @StockTraderClassLive: 👍

- How to Negotiate: NEVER SPLIT THE DIFFERENCE by Chris Voss | Core Message: Kind: captions Language: es - Recientemente leí el libro Rompe la barrea del no del autor Chris Voss. Hace muchos años, el autor Chris Voss fué invitado a una clase de negociación en Harvard. La instructora de la clase le pidió a Chris que condujera una negociación simulada con uno de los estudiantes de Harvard. En esta negociación simulada, Chris estaba vendiendo un producto y a su contraparte se le dió un presupuesto para comprarlo Chris y su contraparte fueron de un sitio a otro hasta que acordaron un precio. Cuando la instructora se acercó y preguntó: Cuál fué el precio acordado? Chris le dijo. Y ella inmediatamente empezó a reír. Ella le dijo, "Chris literalmente obtuviste cada centavo que tenía" La instructora estaba acostumbrada a ver a sus estudiantes dividir la diferencia entre el precio mínimo de venta dado al vendedor y el presupuesto máximo otorgado al comprador Pero de algún modo, el autor Chris Voss había convendido a su contraparte en la negociación de ofrecer voluntariamente todo su presupuesto. Para probar si fué suerte, la instructora puso a Chris a hacer lo mismo con otro estudiante al otro día. Y de nuevo, Chris salió con la cantidad máxima. Estos estudiantes de Harvard sabían las técnicas más avanzadas para negociar del libro. ¿Así que cómo los convenció Chris Voss de darle todo el presupuesto? Bueno, Chris no era un hombre tomado de la calle al azar Chris era el negociador principal de rehenes del FBI. Y después de docenas de negociaciones de rehenes con secuestradores alrededor del mundo, Chris Voss encontró que la clave para obtener lo que quería, y evitar compromisos, y hacer que el otro lado sienta que fué tratado justamente, era empatía táctica. Empatía táctica es el acto de empatizar sinceramete con la situación de tu contraparte y después hacer que empaticen con tu situación. Déjame contarte por qué demostrar empatía sinceramente es crítico en una negociación. Y cómo dar y recibir empatía es la llave para salir de una negociación con el mejor precio posible, mejor salario posible o el mejor contrato posible y a la vez hacer que la otra parte sienta que fué tratada justamente. Durante una sesión de psicoterapia, una psiquiatra le pide a un paciente que hable mientras ella escucha atentamente. Ocasionalmente la psiquiatra interrumpe para ayudar a aclarar lo que el paciente está diciendo y sintiendo. Los psiquiatras hacen eso porque saben que el paciente estará menos a la defensiva, y menos en contra de cambios. si lo puede hacer sentir escuchado. El mismo principio aplica en una negociación. Durante una negociación, tu contraparte estará incómoda lidiando contigo y resistirá tus contraofertas. Hasta que demuestres que entiendes su mundo y puedes empatizar con sus necesidades y preocupaciones. Una mujer en el trabajo de Chris aprendió eso de la manera difícil. La mujer, que llamaremos Susan era una agente de ventas para una compañia farmaceútica Ella trataba de influenciar a un doctor para reemplazar un medicamento que estaba vendiendo a sus pacientes con uno que ella estaba vendiendo. En la primera reunión con el doctor el era frío e incrédulo. Él le dijo que nada lo convencería de reemplazar la droga que estaba administrando a sus pacientes. Aunque este primer encuentro estaba siendo terrible, Susan empezó a ver lo mucho que él se preocupaba por sus pacientes Cuando hablaba de cualquiera de sus pacientes su lenguaje corporal y tono de voz era notablemente más cálidos. Susan se dió cuenta. "Parece que eres muy apasionado en el cuidado de tus pacientes" "Puedo ver lo duro que trabajas para desarrolar tratamientos específicos para cada uno de tus pacientes". El doctor pausó, y la miró como si la estuviera viendo por primera vez y dijo: "Es cierto, siento que estoy tratando una epidemia que los otros doctores no están considerando. Lo que significa que muchos pacientes no están siendo tratados adecuadamente". Desde ese momento, el doctor bajó la guardia y estaba dispuesto a escuchar lo que Susan tenía por decir. Cuando Susan mencionó los aspectos positivos de su producto el escuchó atentamente. Al final de la reunión el doctor dijo que estaba abierto a probar el medicamento nuevo. Hizo una orden ese mismo día. Las palabras mágicas que transformaron la conversación con el doctor fueron: "Es cierto". Si logras que tu contraparte diga las palabras "Es cierto" sabrás que los hiciste sentir escuchados y sabrás que estarán más receptivos. a cualquier oferta y contraoferta que hagas de ahí en adelante. El autor Chris Voss dice, "Una negociación no empieza realmente hasta que escuchas las palabras, 'Es cierto.' " la mejor manera de hacer que tu contraparte diga esas palabras es escuchar las emociones detrás de las palabras de tu contraparte. Tu objetivo es descubrir alguna preocupación o necesidad que tienen respecto a la negociación, y después resumir esas necesidades con una expresión concisa que empiece con: "Parece que" a "Me suena a" Como en, "Parece que estás realmente preocupado por 'espacio.' " O "Me suena a que 'espacio' es muy importante para ti" La belleza de empezar tus frases con: "Parece que" or "Me suena a" es que si no tienes razón, no arruinas la conversación. Ya que puedes seguir con, "Bueno, no dije que fuera de esa forma sólo me pareció". Pero si tu contraparte confirma tu declaración con un "Es cierto" Entonces es tiempo para hacerlos empatizar con tu situación. Chris Voss dice que la mejor manera de hacer que alguien empatice contigo y empezar a pensar en maneras en las que pueden ayudarte es hacer preguntas calibradas. Preguntas calibradas son preguntas abiertas que empiezan con "cómo" o "qué" y están calibradas para direccionar la atención de tu contraparte hacia tu problema. Transforman una negociación desde una confrontación a una sesión de solución de problemas. Chris Voss dice, "La pregunta calibrada definitiva es "¿Como se supone que haga eso?" Digamos que vives en un apartemento en arriendo y el dueño te dice que va a aumentar la renta de 1200 dólares a $1500 al mes. La mejor manera de evitar el aumento en la renta y negociar un precio más bajo es empatizar con su posición y después preguntar una versión de "¿Como se supone que haga eso?" Podrías decir "Parece que crees que tu apartamento está infravalorado, y solo quieres un mercado justo, pero cómo se supone que pague $1500 por mes cuando solo gano suficiente para pagar $1200. La clave es decir: en la misma manera en que dirías: "Aprecio tu inteligencia, ¿puedes por favor ayudarme a resolver mi problema? En este punto, si has hecho que tu contraparte se sienta mal ya has ganado su confianza y cuando le preguntes la pregunta calibrada "¿Como se supone que haga eso?" tu contraparte probablemente hará una de dos cosas. Inventaran una solución creativa para que los dos obtengan lo que quieren. O aumentarán o reducirán su demanda inicial para acomodarse a ti. Si toman la opción dos, pero la oferta todavía no te complace, simplemente respondes con una preguta calibrada diferente. De vuelta al ejemplo de la renta, si el dueño reduce la renta a $1400 al mes podrías responder con: "Es muy generoso de tu parte, eso es probablemente lo más bajo que puedes ir, pero lo siento, no veo cómo puedo pagar $1400 al mes para seguir aquí, cuando puedo rentar un apartamento cerca de aquí por menos de $1200 por mes". Esta técnica de refutar educadamente cada oferta con alguna versión de "¿Como se supone que haga eso?" es precisamente como Chris Voss logró que los estudiantes ofrecieran voluntariamente todo el Así que la próxima vez que estés en una negociación empatiza con la situación y trata de obtener un: "Es cierto". Luego trata de que empaticen con tu situación y pídeles que te ayuden a resolver tu problema haciendo una pregunta calibrada como "¿Como se supone que haga eso?" Si haces esto, estás en el camino de dominar el arte de la negociación. Que es simplemente el arte de hacer que alguien más lo haga a tu manera. Ese fué el mensaje principal que saqué de Rompe la barrera del no Es un gran libro para entender las sutilezas en una negociación. Lo recomiendo altamente. Si te gustaría tener un PDF resumen de una página de ideas que recogí de este libro, solo haz click en el link debajo y estaré feliz de enviártelo al correo. Si estás suscrito al boletín de noticias gratis de Productivity Game este PDF ya está en tu correo. Si te gustó este video por favor compártelo y como siempre, gracias por ver y ten una semana productiva.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AndrewMSmith130 [1 likes]: If you don't empathise with the person you are negotiating with, you might as well talk to a brick wall.I use this technique when explaining the difference between fairness and equality to children and it works a treat.
  2. @chiomachubby [1 likes]: https://youtu.be/mpXD72sTLws?si=fG9EKdCdg7hyjv-I
  3. @optzzaw: Landlord: I give a shit. It's your problem
  4. @ChandraSekhar-km9zb: Sir. I am a teacher. I would like to create similar videos. Could you guide me the tools you are using to create this kind of videos
  5. @Yessir-x1o: What if you threaten to not pay and take them to court to get free months
  6. @taofeeksaka17: I've used this technique in a political negotiation regarding prices and got 100$ if the phone didn't cut, I'd have walked away with 50$ which I wanted.
  7. @Wisdom2Freedom31: This book completely changed how I approach conversations! Chris Voss’s techniques like 'tactical empathy' and 'mirroring' are game-changers—not just in business, but in everyday life too. 'Never split the difference' isn’t just a catchy phrase, it’s a mindset. Thanks for breaking it down so clearly
  8. @mrjatinn-2oct1970: jai hind 🇮🇳
  9. @bswill5077: Not really practical lol. Not unless you are talking to an idiot XD
  10. @rutujajoshi7664: 1:33 Tactical Empathy 
4:06 That's right - listen to the emotions
4:58 Summarise ,' it seems like'
5:38 Calibrated questions - Why, How
  11. @nawii6380: Sorry, this doesn't make much sense
  12. @jackiechildress4390: I can see a situation where the landlord says, "That's not my problem."  Whether you can afford $1200 and not $1500, to many because the landlord is a corporation, is not their problem. They can always find someone else who can afford $1500.  So, this assumption that the landlord will have some empathy and compassion rings hollow. There may be a few out there who will have empathy for the renter, but, sadly, many do not as rents continue to increase and many are pushed out of their cities to surrounding areas where rents are much cheaper.
  13. @skeptikai: Haha... ya, just go to your landlord and complain about them raising the price and they'll reduce it for you because they want you to stay so bad. 

Not sure what planet or what year the author is living in but it ain't here & now.
  14. @AlternaLive-u2x: I wanted to try this technique with my land lord but he watched this video before I did
  15. @SallyMwalrMusic: Always one of the best books
  16. @LeMuseHere: That drawing looks more like Zod from Superman 2 than Chris Voss.
  17. @8starsAND: I was using it without knowledge about that
  18. @evanwilliams1199: The core message sounds very similar to habit 5 from The 7 habits of highly effective people; 'Seek first to understand, then to be understood'
  19. @sunrevolver: the prerequisite for all negotiations: Mentality
  20. @oldguywholifts: Great summary of the book

- 6  Powerful Psychological tricks that should be illegal //Robert Cialdini - PRE - suasion: Kind: captions Language: en today I'm going to summarize another book on psychology called persuasion honestly the more books I read on psychology the more I get scared because it makes me realize how easy it is to manipulate someone the scariest part is that most of these tactics you will hear in this video are so hidden that your conscious mind can't catch them it happens subconsciously they are a bit like a magic pill you give it to someone before you talk to them and they start believing you or behaving differently they feel like they are in control and made a conscious decision but they are not for example in an experiment they sent a very good looking guy a model type of guy to approach a random woman in the shopping mall and ask for their number on a date now giving your phone number to a complete stranger is a risky thing to do and of course the guy got a lot of no's but he got quite some yeses whenever he approached a woman in front of a particular store can you guess what type of store it was no it wasn't a perfume store or a chocolate store it was a flower store if you look at it flowers are related to romance and it subconsciously impacted their behavior and caused them to give out their number after the experiment they asked the participants who gave their numbers if the store had anything to do with their decision all responded of course not I made a conscious decision to give my number in a similar experiment again a guy approached a woman on the street asking for a date this time researchers were testing how the results would change depending on the object the guy was carrying in his hand at the time he approached the women there was one particular object that brought a lot of yeses can you guess what that object was well it was a guitar case let's look at another example from the business world there's an interesting experiment with an online furniture store researchers directed half of the buyers to a landing page that had soft clouds on the background image and half of the buyers were directed to a page that had pictures of coins people who had clouds as a background picture focused their attention on choosing Furniture based on softness and comfort and the people who saw coins is the first thing when they visited the page focused on price and tried to find the cheapest options after the experiment when they were asked if the coins or clouds played a role in their decision all of them laughed and said no they said they are all independent and conscious people clouds or coins had absolutely no impact on them okay so far both of the experiments were related to some visual objects how about using words can we create the same effect but with words the answer is yes and here's how A salesperson was failing to sell his 75 000 product whenever he would mention the price many clients would try to negotiate and when they couldn't get the lower price they wanted they would just walk away this way the salesperson would lose a lot of clients then he made a small change during his presentation before mentioning the price he would jokingly say well obviously I can't charge you a million dollars for this product whenever he mentioned this sentence almost no one tried to negotiate the price or complained that 75 000 was a lot of money why because 75 000 seemed quite a small amount compared to a million dollars and yes I absolutely agree with you that jokingly mentioning a million dollars has nothing to do with the 75 000 product and it shouldn't change people's behavior but that's not the reality the reality is that subconsciously it impacted people's perception of the price in an experiment marketers wanted the customers to test a new energy drink to give them feedback many people didn't agree which is kind of understandable because the product was new and this could create resistance so marketers tried another tactic this time before making the request they asked people if they considered themselves to be adventurous people many of them said yes they were adventurous and then when they were offered to try out the new energy drink they agreed I would like to give you an example that happened to me personally once I was meeting with a banker and somehow we ended up talking about the investment products they were offering he described a few products but none of them got my attention so I was half listening and half thinking about when I was going to leave but then before describing the next product he said something that made me wake up lean forward and listen carefully he said the next product I'm going to talk about is the one that I would recommend even to my mother to invest in as soon as I heard this sentence I felt strong trust towards him and the product probably not on purpose but he activated one of the most powerful persuasion principles that Robert cialdini calls Unity Unity refers to a shared identity that both the influencer and the influency are part of the idea that we share an identity with someone else causes us to want to say yes to them to a much greater extent than to someone who's outside that unit if a communicator can show that he or she belongs to the same group as we are before delivering the message then we are much more open to cooperating with that person or believing him or her let me give an example a big concern of investors has always been what happens to Buffett's firm Berkshire Hathaway when he's no longer in charge in a letter to shareholders regarding succession plans Buffett wrote I will tell you what I would say to my family today if they asked me about berkshire's future with that language Buffett was highly convincing because he said he was advising readers in the same way he would advise a family member the most powerful form of unity is in the family people go to Great Lengths even risking their lives to help close relatives Robert shows you how you can use family driven Unity even when you are trying to influence people who aren't your own relatives in one of his college classes Robert wanted students and their parents to fill out a questionnaire student compliance was always very high but parents typically responded at a far lower rate often below 20 percent one small tweak increased the parent response rate to 97 percent what was the simple tweak Robert said he would give the students an extra point on one test if their parents completed the survey one point on one test in a semester-long course is an inconsequential benefit it would be unlikely to have any impact at all on the student's final grade but by invoking the concept of helping a family member he increased the response rate five-fold from poor to nearly perfect implications of these studies and examples are huge this means if I can shift your attention to let's say helpfulness fairness or romance before I deliver my message then at that moment you become a helpful fair or romantic person in other words by using the persuasion tactics I can change your identity in that particular situation I can change who you are I can change how you perceive yourself and I can change how you perceive me and my message this next experiment is pretty impressive and will explain why we get influenced so easily in Belgium researchers brought a group of people together and showed them a picture of a household object but with a different background image they divided the people into three groups in the background picture of the first group there was a single person standing alone the second group's background picture had two people standing next to each other separately finally in the third group's background picture there were two people standing shoulder to shoulder now during the experiment researchers stood up and accidentally dropped several items on the floor in order to find out who of these three groups would get down on their knees and help both from the first and second groups only 20 percent of people helped but the results were three times higher in the third group who had a background image of two people standing shoulder to shoulder now this isn't the most interesting part of the experiment the most interesting part is that the subjects of this experiment were only 18 month old children who had no logical reasoning and could barely talk this experiment proves how primitive and fundamental this process is and why subconsciously every single one of us can easily be influenced regardless of the level of logic or intelligence for example research shows that if you simply put a picture of a thinking man in the corner of the screen while they do a task they become more analytical and make fewer mistakes or if you put the picture of a person winning a race then they produce more it positively affects their results now let's see in real life how we can apply what we learned from these experiments I have six practical tips for you but first I'd like to give you one analogy that will summarize everything we covered so far and also make it very easy for you to understand the central lesson of these experiments imagine you are planting a seed if you want the seed to grow and bear fruits you need to do two things right number one choose a good quality seed number two prepare the soil right if the soil isn't prepared well then the seed isn't going to grow regardless of how good quality your seed is using this analogy we can say that the seed is the message you use to convince others and this book and all the experiments and examples you have heard so far are about preparing the soil what you say to persuade is important but what you put in front of your message before it's delivered is sometimes more important in other words your seed is important but first you have to make sure that the soil is brought to the right condition to grow that seed you saw this yourself in all the experiments there was always a sentence a request or a picture that came before the message was delivered which completely changed people's behavior all right let's move on to those six tips I mentioned earlier number one if you are giving away a free product to your clients you might consider giving the product to their family members instead of the clients themselves that can be more effective remember the experiment with students and parents and how one point increased their response rate number two let's say you have a product and you need your clients help to improve it instead of saying what is your feedback or what is your opinion on this product you can say what's your advice on this product the difference seems small but the effect is quite big because the word advice creates Unity it creates a togetherness effect the word advice makes people take one step forward towards you and the word opinion or feedback makes them take one step backward away from you as you have probably already guessed this one is related to the concept of unity remember the Warren Buffett example and my meeting with the banker number three if you're planning to ask for a salary raise at work then do it at a time when you have received nice feedback from customers or when you have achieved something great at work this is the time when the results of your great work are in the center of attention this tip is related to the energy drink experiment number four if you're a student and trying to convince other students to donate to some cause you can mention that you are also a student and that would automatically activate the unity principle and increase donations again this one is also related to the unity principle number five decorate your environment according to your goals until reading books like this one I used to believe that it was stupid to write motivational phrases or words on office walls you've probably seen such phrases such as courage success winning quality customer first Etc it turns out that these things actually work and impact us subconsciously so think about what the things are that you're trying to achieve and how you can decorate your room to put you in that state of mind for example when my goal was to make ten thousand dollars per month I went on Amazon and bought a fake ten thousand dollar stack and put it on my desk to remind me of my goal when I wanted to invest more I printed out a phrase that said make money work for you framed it as a picture and put it on my desk you can also do small things such as changing the background picture on your phone or computer you can listen to different types of music according to the type of work you're doing if the task requires you to be highly focused just Google music for focus and listen to it while working on that task for example before I start writing scripts such as this one I always watch a video from my favorite YouTuber I like his videos because they're high quality and he can explain complex Topics in a very simple way just passively playing some of his videos before I start writing scripts puts me into the right mindset where I'm also focused on quality and simplicity number six bring the person to the right mindset before you deliver your message let me explain with an example once I wanted to convince one of my colleagues to do things differently in our project both of us knew that this change would be great for the project however he simply didn't want to do it because it would mean extra work for him especially at the time we had a few other arguments in previous days so he was in a mindset where he would just disagree with whatever I suggested so after two failed attempts to convince him I tried a tactic from this book and it worked what did I do differently this time well before I opened the topic I said this I said do you remember three months ago you suggested a change that I disagreed with but since it was for the benefit of the project I agreed to do it he said yes I said okay today thanks to that change you suggested we have great improvements in our project at the time I was against it but I agreed to what you suggested because it was best for the project it wasn't about you nor about me it was about what is best for the project now today I'm asking you for a change and we both know that it's the best thing for the project so what do you say we both put our egos aside and implement the change I'm suggesting he thought a little bit and said yes and that was the end of the story the reason this worked was that I shifted his mindset from arguing to doing what was best for the project think about your life you probably have also had similar situations what are the things you can say or do before you deliver your message to bring the person to the right mindset so that he or she would be more receptive to your message do you need the person to be fair romantic honest or cooperative Define what it is that you want find a sentence or thing that would put the person in that mindset and then deliver your message and of course do it ethically not just this tactic but all of them you might ask what will happen if I don't do it ethically for example what would happen if you decide to use them unethically in your company against your customers well your employees will see what you are doing and they will start using the same sneaky techniques against their own customer which is you so it's highly likely to backfire one more thing always keep in mind that you are not immune to such tactics and can be easily influenced for example a friend or colleague might mention a small favor they did for you before they ask for a big favor mentioning the small favor will put you in a mindset where you will feel a strong urge to help them back helping others who helped us is deeply coded into our DNA and it's very hard to fight against it if the favor they ask is equal to the favor they did for us then all is good but sometimes they use their small favor as bait to get you to agree to something much larger so in situations don't give an answer right away take your time tell them that you'll think about it and let them know your decision if you rush it you are highly likely to agree to their request and then regret it this has happened to me personally multiple times I have agreed to do things that I regretted later finally my goal with this video was number one to increase awareness about the weaknesses every single one of us possesses so that we can protect ourselves and number two show you ways you can apply them ethically to your life job or your business I hope it was a useful video if you want to see similar videos to this one then check out the video you see on your screen have a great day

  Top Comments:
  1. @littlebitbetter7 [128 likes]: See how we make these animations 👉 https://littlebitbetter.gumroad.com/l/video-animation
👉📕 Buy the book here: https://amzn.to/3uWr8ba
🎧To listen to the AUDIO version of this book for FREE check out Audible below. Sign up for a 30-day Free trial to get 1 book for free(any book). You keep the book even if you cancel before the trial ends. 
👉https://amzn.to/3kS1eNH
I personally have been using AUDIBLE for over 5 years and it is THE BEST app on my phone. I can listen to books while I am going somewhere, walking in the park, or doing some boring job :) 
P.S. I personally use and recommend the AUDIBLE PREMIUM PLUS option. It gives you 1 credit every month which you can use to buy any book regardless of how expensive the book is.
  2. @scheiladantas742 [1 likes]: 😡 Youtube Shit.... está cada dia mais lotado de propagandas e AGORA ESTÁ DESATIVANDO A FUNÇÃO CLIPS (de cortar), a Tesourinha ✂️, vai desaparecer. NÃO estou suportando mais o Youtube.

Por gentileza, me indiquem outra plataforma de vídeo. 

SEM A FUNÇÃO DE CLIPS EU NÃO QUERO O YOUTUBE NEM PAGO, NEM GRATUITO. 😡 SHIT!
  3. @maniakDna [1 likes]: What's the name of your favorite YouTuber? If you're this good, I can't imagine how good he is.
  4. @RamjR1784: Almost turned off the video at "giving out your number can be dangerous "
  5. @antehunjagiso: This video was posted 3 years ago.
  6. @TheWealthCortex-j8w: This video is a fantastic lesson! The visual comparison of "preparing the soil" before "sowing the seeds" will completely change how I approach communication from now on.

I really appreciate the emphasis on the ethical aspects of these tactics. As mentioned, if we use them insidiously, they will inevitably backfire—integrity is key.

This makes me wonder: Where do people draw the line between ethical "pre-persuasion" and subconscious manipulation? I'd love to hear your thoughts on this!
  7. @youraxish: The reason I am different in my village.i used to watched this kind of stuff❤
  8. @DavidGreen-n1s: I went to a coin operated Fortune Teller, dropped some coin and listened to the machine punch out a card for Me😮
It read:
BOB WILL SUCK.

BOB always sucks
So it was
So it is
So shall it be

Now Im walking around with a card in My pocket thinking
Phuk you BOB😊
  9. @Ritchel211: Yep it was useful.
  10. @Bigbanks589: Influence by Robert cialdini is banned in many states prison systems
  11. @RichardSamuelSitumorang: Noted, I'm Richard Samuel from Lake Toba, Indonesia.
  12. @kateconnolly5580: I think it likely had more to do with the gentleman being good looking and well dressed rather than standing in front of a flower shop.
  13. @ryanoconnor8381: Video is very addicting and helpful 🔥
  14. @GiselleIdrovo: She gave us half information by mentioning a youtuber but didnt say who hahah
  15. @ModernHumanMastery: 👍
  16. @Dark_Mind.Se-crets: 🖤🤯🤯
  17. @Nasey1acYu: Jesus loves you and you'll succeed 🫵🏻
  18. @MindTraps7: The most interesting part is that these tricks work even when you're aware of them. Psychology is a powerful thing.
  19. @BrigiteNatureWalks: Nice examples
  20. @ToxicTalesByDrReed: This video is crazy, I had no idea people could be manipulated like that, it's a huge red flag for me now.

- All about advertising: how adverts influence your spending: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Zach is shopping online for a new hoodie. We know that when choosing his hoodie, he may be [music] influenced by how he feels and what his friends think. But there is one more big thing that influences our spending, [music] and it's called advertising. Zach might decide to buy a particular hoodie because he's seen an advert from a clothing brand. Brands use adverts to try and make us think their product is better than the rest, cooler, comfier, or better quality. You may have seen adverts on TV, online, or on trains and buses, they're everywhere. Adverts are designed to make us want to spend our money. Whether they use a celebrity we like, a catchy song, or a cute character, adverts make us remember a brand's product, which makes us more likely to buy it. Zach is also on social media, so he'll see [music] another type of advertising, which is harder to spot. This is where brands pay people called influencers [music] to talk about or wear their products. Influencers can be regular people or celebrities, [music] but remember, they're getting paid. Who knows if they really like the hoodie or they just like the money. [music] Adverts in social media might tell us about new products, but they can also make us want [music] things we can't afford and don't really need. Adverts also only show us the best bits about a product. So, Zach should check other information [music] like reviews to find out which hoodie might be the best choice for him. Whenever we spend money, we should take the time to make the right choice.

- Negotiation Skills That Win | Jim Camp Jr. on the Camp System | The Rainmaking Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en You're listening to the Rainmaking Podcast. Hosted by high-stakes head hunter, author, and professional speaker Scott Love. Podcast and my name is Scott Love. Thank you for joining me on the show. I'm excited about this episode because of its usefulness to you as a professional services provider, as a rainmaker. Let me ask you this question. How important is it that you are effective at negotiating? Well, if you're an attorney doing deals, you've got people on the other side of the table. If you're a litigator, well, you certainly have to negotiate to a positive conclusion to serve your clients. If you own a small business, you get the picture. You have to negotiate everything including compensation of new hires. Well, our guest today is Jim Camp Jr. He is the author of Lead With No, a systematic approach to leadership negotiation. Now, Jim isn't like most of the experts we've had here on the show. For one, he's a retired Air Force major general. That's pretty impressive. But he's also written the book on negotiating. He's part of the Camp Negotiation Institute. And by the way, we're going to put all of Jim's information on the show notes as well as the link to order his book as well as the link for his company's site so you can connect with him directly. I've read the book. I'd highly recommend it. There's some innovative ideas and dare I say contrarian perspectives that will challenge you and even help you in your effectiveness to negotiate. As always, this show is sponsored by Leopard Solutions, Legal Intelligence suite of products, Firmscape, and Leopard BI. Push ahead of the pack with the power of Leopard. And now here's my conversation with Jim Camp. Thanks for listening. Hey, this is Scott Love with the Rain Making podcast. Our guest today is Jim Camp Jr. And our topic is a systematic approach to negotiation. Jim, thanks for joining me on the show today. Hey Scott, thanks for having me. And thanks for your service. Yeah, likewise sir, Major General. Likewise, Jim. Thank you for yours in the Air Force. And in the National Air National Guard. It's always great to meet other veterans, especially you and I both graduated class of '89. Six months later after you graduated, the Berlin Wall fell. You're welcome everyone. So, so let's talk about real really important things in business. And in business and negotiation, the way I look at it is a mutual satisfaction of needs between two people. Getting to them to that point in my work in terms of making good long-term placements. Uh let me ask you this, Jim, kind of starting with the definition. How would you define a successful negotiation for our listeners today? Okay. Well, I think, you know, obviously reaching an agreement is the foundation, right? I mean, that's that's a successful outcome. Uh the key is is what's what's built in that agreement. And how you approach the process itself. Um one of the first things we do and and probably one of the most challenging when we're advising folks on real negotiations, that's what our company does. And when we're working with those folks, it the probably the hardest thing is to get them really aligned on on what they want, what their successful outcome looks like. Uh it's not what we typically see is there's people will like to aim high, but in the back of their mind they'll say to themselves, well, as long as I can secure this, you know, these few things in this agreement, I'll be happy. And unfortunately, when when people negotiate, depending on how they see the word, and I'll get to the definition in in second, but depending on how people approach a negotiation, um you know, when it gets tough, we typically see people cave and they start to give things away unnecessarily. We start to see unnecessary compromise. Meaning they they feel the pressure on the deal, they feel it's slipping away. Maybe their opponent is expressing some discontent with a part of the agreement and they they start to feel that pressure and that pressure is natural and they'll start to kind of fall back to their their fixed mindset around negotiation, which most people believe in order to reach a mutually beneficial agreement, we have to give something up. Right? And that's not the case a lot of times. A lot of times >> That's interesting. A lot of times, you know, if if I were to put 50 50 folks in the room, if I put 50 of your listeners in the room and I would say, "How would you define negotiation? What comes to mind?" We hear things like win-win, mutually beneficial, a give and take. Um it it all stems from collective bargaining and labor law from, you know, a long time ago. You know, people were told, "You better bargain in good faith and come up with a deal or I'll do it for you." Right? Binding arbitration from a judge. So, most people feel that there's a level of compromise that's required. The reality is our definition is it's the effort it's the effort to bring about an agreement with two or more parties with all parties having the right to veto. So, really, when it gets down to it, both sides have the ability to say no. And that is our foundation for our system. That's the way we approach it. We're not afraid of the word no. Yeah. That's interesting. So, how do we look at this then as a systematic approach to negotiation? Okay, so first thing, there's a systematic a system, first of all, there there's three things we have to we have to focus on. First is our mindset. We have to not only do we hopefully have an an open mind, right? Or we have a growth mindset, but we have to take a hard look at really what our past experiences are in negotiation. You know, that's where people learn. You know, they have a reference in the in the back of their mind, well, this I remember on this deal and this deal, you know, here's this went well, this didn't go well. So, first thing we do before we start applying a system as we develop a mindset. And the mindset uh for us is really falling back on the definition that, you know, nowhere in the definition of negotiation is the word compromise, but yet it happens prematurely all the time. So, once we get our mind around, okay, this is the right mindset, and that's one of the first things we work on with our clients or when we're when we're training people, helping them develop the right mindset. The second step is putting together the structure. A system requires a structure that when it's all aligned properly, um and it and it's based on laws and rules and principles of in this case human behavior, once you have that structure aligned, that allows you to prepare systematically. So, in other words, every deal we go into, we start with the first steps in our checklist, and these are things that our clients commit to memory. So, when they can, you know, if they're driving in the car and they're going to a meeting and all of a sudden, you know, the deal changes and they have to prepare quickly, they can pull out a notepad and build a checklist to prepare for that meeting. That preparation is what gives them a little bit more of a emotional edge. They have more emotional control. And then the third component to the system is actually when we're executing, what is our behavior? What behaviors can we manage? How can we control our behavior? Uh what questions are we are we going to ask? What's our posture? Right? And so, once we get the mindset, we apply the structure to preparation, we then help our clients focus on how they behave. Uh we all have different strengths and weaknesses. My strength is intensity. It also has become my greatest weakness at times in my life. So, that's right. So, really uh it's no different than teaching somebody how to fly an airplane. They have a base amount of knowledge of flying probably when they get to flight school, but then they're taught the military way. Okay, here's the process, the steps we follow. And then we debrief, right? So, part of our structure is debriefing what just happened. And where do we go next? What's our next step based on what we discovered during that iteration? Right? So, a system kind of combines all three: mindset, structure, and behavior. This is great, Jim, and I hear a couple of things that you talk about in your book, Lead from No: A Systematic Approach to Leadership Negotiation. Uh one of the comments that you just said, your strength can also be a weakness, too. I remember reading that in your book. So, let me kind of unpack these a little bit. On the mindset, what are some of the main pitfalls related to the mindset that professionals need to watch out for as they're going into a negotiation? Let me kind of talk about that for a little bit, please. Okay, so mindset, the first thing is what is a negotiation? We have a definition for a negotiation, and we really reinforce that. When you give somebody the right to say no, and you you you mean it, and you acknowledge in person, it builds a lot of trust and respect with the person you're negotiating with. It lowers the appearance that, you know, you need the deal. We never want to appear needy or desperate, and we never want to apply pressure because that's actually a sign of weakness, and it, you know, trying to use power and leverage and those types of things to, you know, take it or leave it type of an approach, uh typically, you better not be bluffing. Right? You better mean it. Uh because if you give somebody the right to say no, and they say no, our mindset then shifts to, okay, we know there's only four reasons why people say no. So, we've studied this. There's four things that hold people back from moving forward. So, what we do with our with our mindset is we we kind of prosecute that list. We say okay. We've hit a no or we've hit an impasse where we're not moving forward. What's the real problem? So when you can approach and deal with it and understand that once once you get a decision like the word no or if it's a maybe, you know, they're just not there yet. You start to run through and figure out what are we missing and it's usually one of four things. Either one we they lack the vision of benefit of what you're putting forward. They just don't see it. They say well that this isn't that important to me. I really don't need don't think it's a good idea to merge our companies at this time. They just don't see the vision of benefit. The second reason people say no and this again is a part of our mindset is you know, where's the data to support my decision? So a lot you know, people have a lot of fear when they make decisions. Am I getting a good deal? Is there data to support it? We see this all the time in venture back startups. Right? They're trying to take a product to market. We're coaching them but they maybe they haven't sold a lot of units of what they're really putting out on the market. So there's no data to support that that's a good decision for somebody to buy their product. The third reason that people say no is that they don't have the authority to say yes. Right. Maybe we're missing something on their decision-making process. They don't have the right people present or there there's something a stakeholder perhaps that's kind of behind the scenes that they have to answer to. Again, we see that a lot in companies where you privately held companies have, you know, a PE group that's overseeing the company and then they have a board and then they have you know, they if it's publicly traded they might have investors, things they have to answer to. So the lack of authority is the third reason. They just can't do it on their own and then the fourth is they're bluffing. That's right. See that you talk about in your book. What surprised to see that one. Yeah, we don't see bluffing that often, but you know, a lot of times people will say no just to see how you react. Yeah. See if they can get more. It's called the flinch, right? Sure, or wince. Yeah, what If I say if I say no to a car dealer, "No, I'm not interested at that price." Pull my chair out and start to walk away. What are they going to do? That's right. What's their first action? Most of the time it's "Hey, let me knock a little bit of price off here." And so people use that as a tactic to try to flush out the sincerity of the person they're negotiating with. We don't see it that often, but we're aware of it. And I like how you set this up. There's four reasons why it kind of encapsulates all of them. They don't see the vision of the benefit, they don't have the data, they don't have the authority, and boy, haven't we all been there. And then finally, the bluff. I like that. How do you think we, if we're in a negotiation, can really find out where And would you call that person our opponent? What would you call the person you're negotiating with? What's what's your What's your format for that? Well, Jim Senior, when he wrote Start With No, used the word adversary. Adversary, right. Adversary You know, he was he was old school and you know, I that word doesn't bother me because when you look up the definition of adversary, it says respected opponent. Right. Right, so I'll be honest. I mean, if if you're negotiating and trying to reach an agreement, we refer to them as our opponent and they're respected. Okay. Okay. Right, so we can say the person on the other side of the table, our business partner. You know, partnership is a big thing. Oh, well, you're going to damage our relationship if you don't sign this deal. You know, this you're asking for too much. It's not fair. You're going to damage our relationship. So that's used a lot. Right, to try to um I guess impact the way we the way we approach a deal. And I think I've also noticed the people It also depends on what type of negotiation it is. So for example, you have a litigator that literally has an adversarial opponent and they have to negotiate something so they that they don't go to court and everybody's okay with it compared to a corporate transactional partner that's acquiring another company that's going to be part of the portfolio and there's going to be more spin-off business off of that. So, I think it also depends on what people do and what that negotiation and the context of it means. Oh, so let me ask you this then, how can we get into the mindset of our partner or opponent depending on what we are trying to accomplish in this negotiation. Well, that's a that's a great point. So, one of the first things we do after we when we're preparing for a deal, one of the first things we do is we we prepare a purpose for that negotiation, a mission and purpose. A mission and a purpose. So, do you actually write it out then? Yeah, you actually write it out. Now, a simple way to do this, I'll give you an example. If I have if I'm selling a product and I have, you know, a number of features and benefits of what that product brings to to my opponent or the person I'm negotiating with. If I'm doing that and I can identify how my opponent benefits, right? It has to be written to their benefit, then that serves as my foundation uh for the entire negotiation because I'm trying to help them see and discover that by reaching the agreement that I'm putting in front of them, it's actually going to benefit them as a person or their organization, whatever the case may be. I'm trying to help them see something. Yeah. The the the trick to getting into your opponent's world with a valid what once you have a mission and purpose is you you you turn off your assumptions and you start understanding their vision. You start asking questions. You get into especially when you lay the groundwork, Scott, where you say, "Look, I'm not sure if we'll be able to reach an agreement here today. You can tell me no at any point." And we've actually had our clients put the mission and purpose in front of their opponent and say, this is what we're trying to accomplish. Here's how we think you know, this deal can benefit you. But immediately we transition to their world and try to understand what they see from their side of the table. So we kind of have a rule. We say, "Look, when you're negotiating, uh the person that's talking less is probably winning." So in other words, what you say is what you say is not near as important as what you hear. So we try to teach our our folks to talk less, ask questions, and really try to get on the other side of the table without fear, without fear of losing the deal to say, "Okay, talk to me about this. What What are they trying to solve? What problems do they face?" So that's our first step is to transition to the world of our opponent, understand what they see, understand their the vision, the challenges they're trying to overcome. We have to understand their their decision-making process. We want to understand their budget if there's going to be money involved, and we really really want to pay close attention there to their level of emotion. What are we seeing as being displayed from their behavior on the other side? Why is that important? Well, if we see that they're upset, if anybody's upset, or if we see that they're too excited even, any any range of emotion is can can impact their decision-making, and here's why. Jim Senior a long time ago, I I remember he was adamant about this. He said decision-making is is emotional, and then once we make a decision, we justify it with intellect. The problem is if you're emotional, if there's any level of emotion when it comes to making a decision, it's very difficult. Daniel Kahneman, right, who's an economist, wrote uh he basically dove into this intellect versus emotion on decision-making, and he proved he actually got a Nobel Prize for this. He proved that you know, most of our decisions are made on the emotional side. So, if somebody's upset, it's going to be hard for them to make a decision that they're comfortable with. They may even make a decision and then reverse course. If they're too excited, that's a little scary, too, because everybody's I'm sure I could show you a picture of something I bought in my backyard, my boat. I was super excited when I bought it. I just didn't understand, you know, what was going to be involved to maintain it, you know? Right? That was an emotional excitement decision. And if you're too excited, you can have buyer's remorse where you say, "Boy, did I cave too quickly? Did I really get a good deal?" So, we try to keep our clients or our clients at an even keel, but more importantly, we want to understand our opponent's emotion. And if we see that they're negative, positive, we try to get them to a more neutral state, and we have behaviors that we use to do that. Interesting. So, so let me ask you this then. This kind of transitions into the Have you seen teams where negotiating, we've got this meeting set next week? Do they huddle together? Do they come together in a meeting and try to ascertain all the things that you mentioned just now in the mind of their opponent? Yes. In fact, I have a client right now in Hawaii, and they they are negotiating a pretty big deal, and there's three of them. And the huddle that you mentioned, we huddle together before we go in. We're very clear on our on our structure, on our preparation, on our checklist. Everybody's aligned on what a successful outcome looks like. That's a process in and of itself. And then when they negotiate, they're taking, you know, somebody is taking notes. They're very delegated on what their roles are in the meeting. That's important because, you know, it's a you cringe, but it happens all the time where, you know, they'll be close to a deal, and then somebody will say something that's not that it's irrelevant, but they'll go a different direction, and you know, it kind of derails things. So, we keep very clearly defined roles and then we debrief as a team. What did you see? And then you know, we break it down into something that again, you have to be able to do it from memory. There's three things we want to uncover. We want to uncover our opponent's vision. What is it that you know, they communicated with us? What are their concerns, challenges? What are they trying to solve? And then we want to understand obviously their emotions. We want to understand their budget. The more time, energy, money, and emotion somebody puts into a decision into a deal, the closer we're getting to an ultimate decision. Yeah. You can we want to pay close attention to their budget and we also want to focus on their decision-making process. So, those three things we we go through and we figure out what do we learn during this during this negotiation, this meeting? What did we take away from it? Okay, now what's our next steps? What did we uncover? Hopefully you we uncovered problems. And what's interesting Scott is when you look through some of these longer deals that we've we've advised and coached, there are more multiple decisions that are made on both sides of the table. So, when you're looking to achieve a big lasting long-term agreement or a successful outcome, a mutually beneficial outcome, there's probably a dozens, maybe even hundreds of decisions, miniature agreements along the way that are leading to that ultimate outcome. So, we pay very close to all the decisions that are communicated and we're not afraid of the word no. Um And the other interesting thing I wanted to add is if when we're getting to the definition of negotiation, if I said, "Well, tell me some different types of negotiation." Everybody's mind immediately goes towards well, you know, business negotiation, uh procurement, sales, merger, acquisition. And what we've discovered is that there are many forms of negotiation and that's kind of the the angle I took or the approach I took is it if you think of the definition of agreement between two or more parties with all parties having the right to veto, that exists in any organization right now between a leader and a follower. The follower can leave at any time. Absolutely right. Even in the military, you can't force somebody to keep the uniform on. If they want to they if they want to leave, they're going to leave. So, we start looking at negotiation through a bunch of different lenses and realize that I negotiate with my grandchildren. They're the best negotiators in the world. They're Yeah, right. I've been five and six years old. They're relentless. No doesn't phase them. Right? So, negotiation is around us all day, every day. And to me, it's one of the most critical competencies anybody can have regardless of the business that they're in. I think you're absolutely right. And I think it's something that really deserves more study. And I like the way you gave us a lot of systematic ways that we can take all these parts and put them into some structure. But in speaking of structure, let me go into the second point you mentioned, mindset, structure, execution. Uh in the structure of the negotiation in your book, you talk about a negotiation I think you talk about a negotiation checklist. Mhm. Uh what does that mean exactly? And then you even talk about a negotiation journal. Maybe you can talk about that, too. Yeah, so the the checklist is what we use to prepare. So, if if I'm going to prepare and I can hopefully or you know, if you study it, you can do it on the fly. So, right away, here here are the components to a checklist that I use in any deal. It doesn't matter what the circumstances are. My first thing is, okay, what critical research have I done? Yeah. What do I know about the person I'm negotiating with? What do I know about their organization? Any research we can do is is very, very important. So, we research. It's no different I can compare it to going to fly an airplane in the military. One of the first things I do is, okay, was the aircraft okay? Are there problems with the aircraft I need to be aware of? What's the weather? Right? What's going to impact our mission before we go? So, critical research is our first step. The next step after we do is we build our mission and purpose. What for this meeting or for this negotiation, what is it that I'm really trying to help my opponent see and discover? I can't tell them directly. If we present and get too aggressive and try to just I guess, you know, plead our case so to speak and put everything out front right away, we're running the risk that it's not their discovery. It's us telling them and people don't want to be told. But if we can build questions around our mission and purpose that help them they go, "Oh, wow. This is a possibility for me." It's It becomes their idea, not you simply telling them. So, we build a mission and purpose as number two. The next thing we do is we we address the problems. We identify Problems are solved by making decisions and a lot of times people are afraid to say, "Well, I don't want to bring that up and that may derail our negotiation." Well, if you think it's there and you don't put it on the table, you're running the risk that it will derail you. So, let's put the problems up front. As we're evaluating problems, we look at emotional baggage. So, is there anything we carry into the deal, you know, that is very difficult for us to put down emotionally? Is there anything that they bring to the deal? Maybe the previous agreement didn't go so well. Maybe we failed to deliver our product on time with our last shipment. Who knows, but we want to put that up front and be at least be aware of it. And then we move right into what we want as far as decisions. There are decisions that we want our opponent to make and there are decisions that we want to communicate. So, decisions are the key. Decisions are what move the negotiation forward. And then after we address our decisions and we we have a better idea of where we stand, we always want to make sure we we clarify exactly what happens next. What happens next are negotiated future actions because too many times I see this all the time with clients. Man, that was a great meeting. We had a great negotiation today. Things are going well. Okay, well that's that's awesome. What's what's next? Did you talk about what's next because we want to be able to hold each other accountable to the decisions that we communicate when we're negotiating. So critical research, mission and purpose, problems baggage if there is any, decisions we want to communicate and what happens next. That is those are the main components of a checklist. That's fantastic. >> And and it's something you can commit to memory. And then with regards to a journal, we call it a log and anybody that's been in aviation or, you know, in the military especially, my father designed this 30 years ago and it's it it's worked forever and it's it's simple. But a checklist is what we use, right, to operate an aircraft and a log is what we use to debrief what just happened. Where did I fall short? What mistakes did I make? What did we learn from this mission because we're going to come back and fly again another day. So the checklist is very simple, the log is very simple. What's the what's the vision or we you can use the word pain. What opportunity do we see? How did they communicate that that to us and then how much time, energy, money, and emotion? What's their budget on this deal? And then decision-making. So it sounds really really simple and it's meant to be because you want to be able to remember it under duress. Absolutely right. Yeah, that's good. I mean that's good training, right? And so and let me ask you this cuz I want to come back to one of the concepts you mentioned. But in terms of training professionals, do you think this is something that we should train people on because you're in the middle of a heated situation, you don't have time to think, you just react. What do you think about that And is that kind of I don't want to talk more about what your company does, Jim, but do you think organizations should really organizations should really invest in training on these things? I think if Well, first I'll say this, there's a lot of really talented people out there in the in the negotiation world. So, I don't want to come across as ours is, our training is better than others. But, I will say this, be careful if you're going to going to invest in in training in negotiation because a one-day event, you know, seminar, those types of things, it's not going to change behavior. Right? Changing human behavior takes a lot of work. And one of the first things we do is we take all the aspects of our system, our mindset, our structure, and our behaviors, and we present that to our our client to try to get their their feedback and to to watch how they interact with us around some of these things that we we know that works. If they don't see it or they're struggling, we have to help them adapt to how do I apply this to the world that they're working in. So, training is is important. You have to understand the components of any system, and you have to understand why you're doing what you're doing. So, there is a training component to it, but where we really see a difference is when we start applying our system to real-world situations and and get into their world of what they're dealing with on a day-to-day basis. And And we want to understand, you know, what what are their behaviors? What are their strengths and weaknesses? How do they see things? I mean, we see people that you know, they're probably like me, they talk too much. And we have to help them control that. So, training is great, but training without reinforcement into a real-world situation isn't as effective. Right. Ours is a little Ours is a little bit more comprehensive. Um I mean, you can pick up a book and read how to fly an aircraft, but until you touch the aircraft, get in it and fly it, and really see what that experience is like, it's really hard to, you know, I mean, it takes the Air Force a year, the same with the Navy, to put wings on somebody. It's a long grueling year of practice, debrief, execution. I mean, you just back and forth. So, training is important, um and you can take away small things here and there. Like, I can give a couple of takeaways that to any group, even if it's just an hour, that will help them. But, you know, the impact uh to change behavior requires a little bit more reinforcement. And that Jim Senior discovered years ago, and that's why he developed negotiation coaching. He is the original. I I have to say that. He's a guy that trained Chris Voss, who wrote Never Split the Difference. So, that we've been doing this for three decades. And training training is hard if it's not reinforced on real deals. Absolutely right, Jim. And what I'd like to do is invite you back on the show to kind of go deeper into some of these other concepts. Just in the interest of time, I wanted to go deeper especially on the checklist and some of the other components of that and the significance of those. So, so let me kind of ask you this from what we've talked about today, if you could summarize and give our listeners three action steps, what are three action steps they can take to start implementing these ideas? Okay. The The first action step is number one, just right away. And you can do this in a low low-risk setting. It doesn't have to be in an important deal. Uh but give somebody the right to say and watch what happens. If you're reaching trying to reach an agreement, and you say, and there's a million ways you can do it. You can even just say, "Hey, look, I don't want you to feel any pressure here. You can of course can you can tell me no at any point. It's okay." So, giving somebody the right to say no, what that does immediately is it lowers their emotion. Right? They become more relaxed. We've seen this We did this with a massive car dealership where we trained their whole team that when that client walks through that door and you have your first interaction, put them at ease. Don't don't be aggressive. Say, "Hey, look, you can you can tell me no. It It's okay. I'm not going to I'm going to chase you. I'm not going to beat you up." So, giving somebody the right to say no right away, if you do that a couple of times, I think you'll start to see, "Wow, people actually react pretty well to that. It demonstrates That's great. Demonstrates respect." Uh number two, I think something you can do right away is if you don't prepare, and I don't care if you use our system, I don't care if you use other folks that have written great stuff on negotiation. I mean, it's a huge huge sector. There's a lot of work done out there. If you haven't prepared or you don't prepare, try try try writing down what you're actually going to try to do. And pay real close attention to that how you prepare cuz most people don't have the discipline to do it, especially if they've been doing it for a long time. They shoot from the hip. And what they what they realize is that they're not capturing that ability to sit down and and really think deeply before they before they enter into any negotiation, even with a family member. If I have a kid that says, "Dad, I'm going to drop out of college," I can guarantee you I'm going to spend time preparing to have that conversation, to have that negotiation. I'm not just going to wing it when I'm emotional. So, give people the right to say no and take the time to prepare. Get yourself ready, especially emotionally, for what you really want to try to accomplish. The third thing they can do immediately ask the right kind of questions. I'll give you an example. If I say Scott, are you having a good day? Right? I'm going to get three different answers. I'm You might say yes, eh, it's okay, maybe, or you'll say no. If I change that verb-led question, because a verb-led question actually forces the brain to make a decision instantaneously, that drives emotion. When we're negotiating, take those verb-led is, is this, can you, will you, do you see yourself leaving today in this vehicle? That's the verb-led question that we hear all the time in a car dealership, for example. That puts pressure. But if you say, where are we at this point? Help me understand how your day is going, Scott. What challenges do you see moving forward? How would this impact you know, your business operations? When we ask call interrogative ladder open-ended questions, we get our opponent talking, and that's exactly what we want. We want to see what they see, so we get much more information from those types of questions versus uh we're driving for the yes, right? We're trying to get a contract on something. We have a rule, never close, right? We're never trying to close the deal. We're trying to get to the point where we say, well, where do we go from here? If we've asked the right questions and handled ourselves properly, we're going to get a decision without having to apply pressure, and that decision will stick. Much more effectively than if we're pushing people to try to reach an agreement. These are great ideas, Jim. Yeah, so those three I think are immediate. These are fantastic. And tell us about your company, what do you do, what do you have that you'd like our listeners to know? And for everybody listening, we're going to put Jim's contact information, also the link where you can order his book, Lead from No, uh a systematic approach to leadership negotiation, which I've read, I'd highly recommend it. Uh but tell us a little bit about what your company does, Jim. Okay, so Jim Camp Sr. a long time ago started started the company. he wrote the book Start With No. And Start With No was you either loved it or hated it at the time. Uh that book is still going strong. In fact, I think it's it's actually accelerating in sales 20-some years later. Uh but he he developed the negotiation coaching business advising people on real deals and actually staying with them the whole time. And believe it or not, our company has done that uh since the the late '90s. And we're still moving moving forward. Uh so we have a team of coaches right now, myself and my brother Todd, are the two principals in the company, but we're we're training coaches. And we have kind of a cadre of folks with different backgrounds where we go into an organization, really understand their challenges. Hopefully, their negotiations are important enough to them so they'll see a a good return on investment for for hiring us. Uh but we we go in and we we teach them everything we know about our system. We help them apply it to real deals. And we stick with them uh in some cases for years. Because they start to see the the return on investment. They realize, "Okay, it's a constant process of getting better and improving." Negotiation is like a human performance event. You know, I'm a terrible golfer, but I know that if I swing the club more, I'm going to get better, especially if I have somebody looking over my shoulder. Absolutely right. Tell me what I'm doing wrong cuz I can't see it. Uh so really uh helping people avoid unnecessary compromise, but more importantly, giving them something where if they grab onto a system and they believe in it, and they decide, "Okay, guys, thanks for the coaching. I'm I'm going on my own now. Appreciate the help." When they adapt to a system, it gives them emotional control, and they begin coaching themselves based on, you know, what they know about what they should be doing, what should be happening. So, it's a it's a behavior change. It's a a mindset shift. It's a it's a habit pattern that we help people take away. And we've been doing it for 30 years. And uh a lot of people talk about negotiation, but very few do what we do. This is great, Jim. I'm really glad that you came on the show and you gave us such a useful interview. I know people will benefit from this. So, for everybody listening, like I mentioned, we're going to put all of Jim's contact info on the show notes. So, go there where you listen to this podcast and connect with him right away. Uh Jim, thank you so much for being on the show and like I said, let's have you back on here in the next couple of months. I'd love to come back, Scott. I've enjoyed it. Thank you for listening to the Rainmaking Podcast. For more information about our recruiting services for international law firms, visit our website at attorneysearchgroup.com. To inquire about having Scott speak at your next convention, conference, sales meeting, or executive retreat, visit the rainmakingpodcast.com.

- Start With NO by Jim Camp - Art of Negotiating: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone and welcome back to another deep dive here on From the Corner Office. I'm Alan Ingram and I'm Chatty G and we are ready to well uh dive into something you all flagged as pretty interesting. Yeah, this one should be good. It's Jim Camp's start with no. Oh yeah, definitely heard of this one. And as always, we want to pull out the most valuable insights and practical strategies for sure so that you can get a real grasp of effective negotiation uh without feeling like you're drowning in theory. Right. We're going for those aha moments, you know, those real takeaways. Exactly. And I think we'll have some of those with this one. Yeah. Jim Camp, he really shakes things up when it comes to how we think about negotiation. Definitely. Like right off the bat, he hits you with this pretty strong message. Um, be wary of win-win. Oh, really? Win-win? That's like the holy grail of negotiation, isn't it? Well, that's what most people think. But Camp says, "Yeah, if this book does just one thing, and that one thing is making people aware of the dangers of win-win, okay, then it's done its job." So, let's dive into this danger of win-win then, right? Because it's so deeply ingrained in business culture, you know, as the ideal outcome. Oh, yeah. So, what's Camp's issue with it? Basically, he says that a lot of seasoned negotiators see someone who's like overly focused on win-win as uh kind of an easy target. Oh, wow. He he even mentions this highlevel corporate strategy called POS. POS. Yeah. We don't get all the details in the book, but it was essentially designed to exploit negotiators who get stuck in that win-win mindset. So, PIOS is like a way to kind of tip the scales, create an imbalance. Exactly. It's about using that imbalance to your advantage. Can you give an example of how this might actually play out in a real situation? Sure. He uses the example of GM's cost optimization strategy. Okay. Now, on the surface, that sounds pretty positive, right? GM keeps costs down. Suppliers become more efficient. Yeah. Everyone wins, right? But Camp argues that underneath all that win-win talk. It was really about GM pushing suppliers to the limit to slash prices, even if it hurt the supplier often. Yeah. even to the point where it wasn't sustainable for them. And if a supplier couldn't make it work, well, there was always another one waiting in the wings. So, the message was we get what we want. Exactly. Regardless of what it means for the other side. So, the win-win was more like a PR move pretty much. And it gets even crazier when you think about the fact that you might have business schools teaching win-win in one class. Yeah. And then in another course like supply system management, they're teaching strategies that are all about outmaneuvering suppliers. It's like teaching people to play nice and then teaching them how to cheat in the same school. It really makes you wonder about how some of these theories actually play out in the real world. It's a huge disconnect. It is. And Camp brings up this point about the development of procurement software, okay, that's specifically designed to help companies dominate their suppliers. Wow. and the increasing power of these buying cooperatives that can really squeeze suppliers on price. So, the language of win-win can actually hide a pretty aggressive agenda. Yeah. It's not that win-win is always bad, but it can be used as a smoke screen, and we need to be aware of that. It's like those companies that had a reputation for being ruthless negotiators, right? They learned to use win-win language to soften their image. Exactly. They became even more skilled at it after everyone knew they were tough to deal with. playing on that human need for connection and fairness, right? They might say something like, "Let's work together on this for a win-win outcome." Well, they're really just trying to get a better deal for themselves, of course. And camp contrasts this with uh the world of labor relations. Yeah. Where you have legally mandated good faith bargaining. So rejecting win-win there could actually get you in trouble. Exactly. And he points out that a lot of the traditional negotiation advice comes from that field. So, it makes sense why win-win became so popular. Yeah. But Camp argues that applying it blindly in other situations can be a real mistake, especially if the other side isn't playing by the same rules, right? And he tells this great story about Euphoric Inc. and Worldwide Inc. to show how this can backfire. What happened? So, Euphoric needed a 15 cent price increase on a product they were selling to Worldwide. 15 cents. Yeah. It was a $2,000 product. Wow. So, practically nothing. Exactly. But worldwide was so afraid of rocking the boat of like damaging the relationship by saying no because of that win-win mentality. Yeah. And Euphoric was basically digging their heels in saying no way we're not budging. So they were both stuck in this abstract idea of win-win, right? And it almost destroyed both companies over 15 cents. That's incredible. It really shows how clinging to win-win or trying to manipulate it can lead to a lose-lose situation. So what's the alternative? What does camp suggest instead? Camp system is about having a clear framework. You know, understanding what a good deal actually looks like for you. Okay. And not feeling pressured to give away more than you should. So, it's about focusing on what you can control. Yes. Your goals, your behavior instead of getting caught up in this idea of a perfect win-win, which often isn't realistic anyway. And this applies to more than just big corporate deals, right? Oh, absolutely. Cam makes the point that negotiation is everywhere. It's in our everyday lives. Exactly. From deciding where to have dinner with your family to haggling with a cab driver. Okay. So, let's move on to another big idea from the book. Sure. And this one is you do not need the steel. Ah, yes. One of Camp's most powerful principles. It's a pretty bold statement. It is. Why does he see neediness as such a weakness? Because when you're needy, you lose your objectivity and you make bad decisions. It's like you're not thinking straight. Exactly. And he uses this analogy of a predator sensing weakness. Okay. Like a lion in the wild. They can smell fear. They can sense when an animal's vulnerable and they pounce. Exactly. And it's the same in negotiation. The other side will pick up on your desperation and use it against you. So it's about controlling your emotions. Absolutely. And he says that for a lot of his clients, learning to manage their neediness. Yeah. That's been the most valuable thing they've taken away from his system. It's fascinating how even historical examples back this up, right? like the Louiswis and Clark expedition. Those explorers were desperate for horses at one point, weren't they? They were. And the Native Americans who were trading with them, they know it. And they used that to their advantage. Of course, it's human nature. So, camp is saying we need to be able to separate our true needs for survival. Yeah. From our wants, those desires for things that aren't essential. Yeah. Exactly. Like that fancy car or that dream house or closing a particular deal. It's about keeping things in perspective, right? And he tells this great story about his flight instructor, Miller. Oh, yeah. What was that about? Camp was so focused on proving he was right in this hypothetical flying scenario. Okay. That he missed the whole point of the lesson, which was about staying alive. Wow. So, even a need to be right can be dangerous. Absolutely. It shows how subtle neediness can be and how it can cloud your judgment. And it's not just about our internal feelings, right? It can show up in our language and behavior, too. Yeah. Like even something as simple as how you greet someone, saying, "Hello, Mr. Jones." instead of just, "Hello, Frank." It sounds a bit formal. It can be, and it can certainly signal that you're trying to please them. You know, you're a little bit too eager. Interesting. Or the way you phrase an appointment request. How so? Saying something like, "I was hoping I could maybe get 10 minutes of your time." What's wrong with that? It sounds needy. It puts you in a weaker position. So, what should you say instead? Just be direct and confident. Something like, "I'd like to schedule 10 minutes with you." Ah, so it's about projecting confidence even in small interactions. Exactly. And camp also warns against the dangers of those warm calls where you're all excited about the potential deal before you've even had a real conversation. Yeah. That premature enthusiasm can easily turn into neediness. He gives some examples of how this can backfire, right? He does like that executive who was so desperate for a promotion. Yeah. that he ended up giving away too much in the negotiation, making the other side suspicious. Exactly. They were like, "Wait a minute. Why is this person so eager to make this deal?" And there's that story about Camp's client who was so keen to close a big deal, okay, that they offered such a generous offer, it actually backfired. Really? Yeah. The other CEO was a savvy negotiator and he saw right through it. He sensed that neediness. Exactly. And it made him question their competence. He thought if they're willing to give away this much, there must be something wrong. So, it had the opposite effect. It did. Instead of sealing the deal, it actually made the other side more cautious. And this all ties in with his noclosing rule, doesn't it? It does. Rushing to close a deal is often a sign of neediness. And people can sense that. They can think about it. Everyone hates those pushy sales people. Oh, yeah. Those hard sell tactics. Exactly. Those trick closes that make you feel like you're being manipulated. It just makes you want to run the other way, right? And Kent makes this really important distinction between need. Okay. Which he says is like death in a negotiation. Wow. And want, which is a natural human desire. So it's okay to want something. It is. But it's about being in control of that desire. So how do you project that kind of confidence? It's about being calm, being disciplined, and showing that you're not desperate. Okay. So we've talked about the pitfalls of win-win and the importance of overcoming neediness. Yeah. Two key ideas from start with no. What's next? Well, the next concept is something he calls the Columbbo effect. The Columbbo effect. Yeah. The secret of being not okay. Now, for those who might not know who Columbbo is, right? He was this TV detective. Yeah. Kind of rumpled. Always seemed a little bit clueless, but he always got his man. Exactly. He was brilliant. So, how does this relate to negotiation? Cam says that just like Columbombo, the skilled negotiator understands that in any interaction, yeah, only one person can truly feel okay. Okay. Like truly comfortable, confident in control, and that should be the other person. Ideally, yes, by letting them feel a little bit superior, a little bit more in charge. You actually gain the upper hand. You do. It's counterintuitive, but it works. It's like Columbo's adversaries. They underestimated him. Exactly. They thought they were smarter than him. Yeah. And that made them let their guard down, right? They felt comfortable enough to reveal information they wouldn't have otherwise. So, it's a psychological tactic. It is. And it's based on this idea that when someone sees you as less competent, Yeah. they tend to relax. They don't feel as threatened and they might say things they wouldn't say to someone they saw as an equal. Exactly. But this goes against everything we're taught about business, doesn't it? It does. We're always told to project strength and competence, not weakness. Right. But Camp says that in negotiation, strategically projecting that sense of being not okay, okay, can be a powerful way to disarm your opponent. He gives the example of Network Inc., right? He does. They were on the verge of bankruptcy. Okay. And they were really hesitant to reopen negotiations with a supplier. Why? They thought it would make them look unprofessional. Like they were admitting they'd made a mistake. Exactly. But can't convince them that the potential damage to their reputation Yeah. was far less significant than the very real risk of going bankrupt. So sometimes being not okay means being honest about your situation. It does and it can actually work in your favor. So how does this apply when you're dealing with a really tough negotiator? Camp tells his clients to not react defensively in those situations. Okay. Instead, they should listen calmly, take notes, and maybe ask some questions that make them seem a little less knowledgeable, right? To subtly reinforce that not okay feeling. And then what? Then they simply ask, "What would you like us to do?" Putting the ball back in the other person's court. Exactly. It takes the pressure off you and forces them to come up with a solution. It's a clever tactic. It is, but it can be tough to pull off, especially when we're so conditioned to project an image of success. Yeah. Like those CEOs we see in the magazines. always looking confident and in control, right? But Camp makes a compelling case for the power of strategically embracing that not okay stance. Okay, let's move on to another key idea from the book. All right, and this one is forget. Yes, forget. Maybe. Ah, yes. This is a classic camp principle. It sounds pretty dismissive, though. It does. But he's making a point. What's the point? He argues that the best yes, the most valuable yes comes after a considered no. So you start by saying no. Exactly. He believes that's where negotiation really begins. Not by being agreeable. No. By establishing your boundaries. He even titled the book Start with no. He did to really hammer home that point. He uses this example of cold calling. Yeah. And actually inviting the other person to say no. Right. It sounds counterintuitive. It does because you're trying to get a meeting. You are, but by saying something like, "If this isn't a good fit, just tell me and I'll get off the phone." Is that fair? Okay. You're actually taking the pressure off them by giving them permission to say no. Exactly. You're respecting their time and their decision. Interesting. And it can actually make them more receptive to hearing what you have to say. But saying no feels so negative. It does. It goes against that whole win-win culture where everyone's supposed to be agreeable, right? Camp says that this is one of the hardest principles for people to accept. Why is that? Because it feels confrontational. It feels like you're closing doors. And we don't want to offend anyone. Exactly. But he argues that saying maybe or yes just to avoid that difficult Yeah. no can lead to bigger problems down the road. Like ending up in a situation you don't want to be in. Exactly. Or creating resentment because you didn't set clear boundaries from the start. He tells that story about the new client who immediately offered a discount. Oh yeah. Without even thinking about it just to please the other side, right? And it totally backfired. They're too eager. They were. And it made them look weak. And there's that story about the negotiation with the Japanese corporation. Oh yes. Where one of the team members blurted out a 2% discount. 2%. Yeah. In a billion dollar deal. Wow. That's a lot of money. It is. And he did it just to fill the silence because he was uncomfortable. Exactly. He wanted to make the other side feel okay. But it created chaos for his own team. It they had to scramble to recover from that. So it's about being comfortable with silence. It is. And not feeling pressured to say yes just to please the other person and not letting your emotions drive your decisions. Right. In the long run, strong business relationships, they're built on mutual respect and clear communication, not on trying to be everyone's best friend. Exactly. So this fear of saying no, it often comes from a worry about damaging relationships. Yeah. But camp also talks about another reason which is the fear of making the wrong decision. Ah yes, that can be paralyzing. It can we get stuck in that loop of what if I make the wrong choice, right? What if I could get a better deal? What if I miss out? And that can lead to indecision. It can and that's why people say maybe as a way to delay the decision. Exactly. But Camp says that negotiation is really just a series of decisions. Okay? And if you make a bad decision, you learn from it and you make a better one next time. He uses that analogy of his flight instructor again, right? Who told him, "As long as you're making decisions, we can fix the bad ones. It's about taking action. It is not getting stuck in analysis paralysis." And he gives examples of big companies making course corrections. Yeah. Like IBM initially dismissing the PC. Okay. Okay. And Microsoft initially dismissing the internet. Big mistakes. They were. But they adapted. They changed course. So it's not a sign of weakness to admit you were wrong. No. It's a sign of strength. And it's important not only to be able to say no yourself. Yeah. But to be able to accept no from the other side. Absolutely. And to make it clear from the start that no is a perfectly acceptable response. It sets the tone for a more honest negotiation. It does. And it can actually build trust. So this leads us to the final key aspect we'll cover today. Okay. And it's the idea of mission and purpose. Ah yes M&P camp sees this as a guiding principle. He does for making decisions in negotiation and in life. So it's like your northstar. Exactly. It gives you a framework for making choices. He uses the example of President Lincoln whose mission was to preserve the union. A powerful example of a clear and unwavering purpose. It gave him direction in the face of incredible challenges. Exactly. And camp shares a story about a client, okay, who developed this M&P that was centered around imagination, possibility, and healing. Interesting. And it helped them clarify which parts of their business they should keep and which parts they should let go of. Exactly. It gave them a filter for making tough decisions. He also tells that story about the father with the premature baby. Oh yes. A very moving example. The baby needed heart surgery, right? And the father used a very specific M&P to guide his conversations with the doctors. Yeah. He was focused on minimizing the risk to his child. He knew it was most important and it helped him advocate for the best possible care. It did. And then there are those negative examples like Eastern Airlines, right? Where the real M&P seemed to be about stripping assets, not about building a sustainable business. And the Quaker Oats acquisition of Snapple. Yeah, that was a disaster, wasn't it? It was. And Camp suggests that it was partly because Quaker Oats didn't really understand Snapple. They didn't understand its core identity or its distribution network. So, they lacked a clear vision for how to make it work. They did. And Cam's point is that while you can't always control the outcome of a negotiation, Yeah. you can control your preparation. Absolutely. And that preparation starts with a strong mission and purpose. So, to recap our deep dive into start with no, right? We've looked at Kimp's warnings about the win-win trap, right? The crucial importance of overcoming neediness, a big one, the surprising power of being not okay, definitely a counterintuitive but effective strategy. The importance of embracing no, setting those boundaries, and the foundational role of mission and purpose in guiding our decisions. It's a powerful framework for negotiation and for life. Camp's whole approach is about shifting our focus from what? From trying to manipulate the other side to understanding the dynamics of negotiation and making deliberate choices based on our own goals and limitations. It's about being strategic and intentional. Exactly. And maybe the most valuable takeaway for you, our listener. Yeah. Is to think about your own level of neediness in your next interaction, whether it's a formal negotiation or just a conversation. How aware are you of that neediness? And how is it affecting your behavior? It's something to really pay attention to. It could change the way you approach these situations. It could. And if this deep dive into start with no has piqu your interest, we highly recommend checking out the book. It's full of great insights and it offers a really different perspective on negotiation, one that can be incredibly valuable in all areas of your life. Thanks for joining us for this deep dive into effective negotiation from the corner office. Until next time, keep exploring and keep learning.

- Master Negotiation 🚀: Start with No by Jim Camp: Kind: captions Language: en you're listening to start with no by Jim Camp one-page summary many negotiators think of a win-win deal one in which both parties compromise so that both achieve at least some of their goals as the best negotiation outcome however in start with no negotiation expert Jim Camp argues that more often than not a so-called win-win is actually a win- lose in Disguise because one party unknowingly concedes too much to avoid these deals He suggests you get comfortable saying no during your negotiations instead of trying to get to a quick yes he further argues you should encourage your counterpart to say no as this can actually strengthen your bargaining position by lowering their defenses and promoting further discussion Camp was a renowned negotiation coach for over 25 years founder of the camp system of negotiation and a former US Air Force pilot he worked with around 150 corporations including G General Motors Texas Instruments Merill Lynch and IBM helping them close deals and negotiations worth billions in this guide we'll first discuss how learning to say no can help you avoid mediocre deals we'll then explore why asking your counterpart to say no can paradoxically give you the upper hand finally we'll examine some of Camp's other negotiating techniques including how to prepare effectively keep your emotions under control and highlight your counterparts needs along the way we'll compare Camp's ideas to those of other negotiation experts and provide additional tips to help you put his approach into practice new section be willing to say no Camp writes that many negotiators are too quick to say yes out of their eagerness to secure a deal and achieve a win-win outcome but he warns that when you reach an agreement swiftly you might Overlook important details about the situation and leave value on the table Camp argues that to get better deals you must be willing to say no there are two things that saying no protects you from the pitfalls of the win-win mindset and the dangers of appearing needy below will explore why each of these can result in a mediocre deal and we'll discuss how you can prevent them from harming your negotiations one the pitfalls of win-win Camp argues that while the concept of win-win is appealing it often leads to subpar deals when you're invested in getting a mutually beneficial outcome you're more likely to agree to Deals quickly deals that are often mediocre or poor Camp discusses four reasons the win-win approach makes you more likely to secure less favorable deals one unnecessary compromising a win-win mindset can mislead you into thinking that you must give concessions to the other party to achieve a mutually beneficial deal causing you to give away more than necessary two unfair outcomes what one party considers Fair the other might not and even if both parties consider a deal Fair the deal May in reality benefit one party more than the other three emotion-driven outcomes trying to reach a win-win solution can cause you to make decisions that feel good but aren't necessarily the best for you in your eagerness to secure a deal that makes every one happy you may agree on a deal that might not actually be worth making can a win-win approach secure good deals and you can negotiate anything herb Cohen acknowledges the risks of win-win negotiation that camp mentions but he argues you can avoid these risks and Achieve Superior outcomes with a win-win approach if you one discourage sacrifices Cohen recommends explicitly verbalizing that you're not aiming to make each party sacrifice something they want to reach a deal like Camp he explains that if both parties expect that sacrifice is necessary for making a deal they'll resort to win-lose tactics to minimize their sacrifice leading to poor outcomes instead your goal should be to find a solution that satisfies everyone's desires without sacrifice two establish a common goal of win-win Camp argues that fairness is subjective which makes finding a win-win solution difficult however Cohen argues that as long as you announce your desire to find a solution that satisfies everyone involved get the other party to commit to the same goal and build trust with them you can achieve good mutually beneficial Solutions three make the negotiation enjoyable Cohen argues that by focusing on the other party's emotions you can improve your chances of reaching a favorable deal he recommends you understand the other negotiators personality and preferences some people enjoy a friendly respectful interaction While others thrive on the back and forth of haggling by tailoring your approach to their style you make the negotiation more enjoyable for them which in turn makes them more likely to work with you towards a mutually beneficial outcome one rushed agreement many negotiators think the quicker they reach an agreement with their negotiation partner the better however Hasty agreements tend to have unstated expectations and conditions that only surface later because neither side fully discussed them as a result the deal you thought you agreed to may not be as beneficial as it initially appeared for example imagine you're buying a house and you quickly agree to pay the asking price you may assume that because you've made the process smooth and easy the seller will also make the process smooth and easy by taking care of a few repairs that were noted during the the inspection if however the seller never specifically agreed to handle the repairs they may not have the same understanding of your unspoken expectation and you may end up dissatisfied with the final deal how to renegotiate bad deals if you've rushed through a negotiation and ended up with a bad deal consider renegotiating the deal experts suggest you bring the parts of the agreement that you find unfair to the other party's attention and back your claims with strong evidence most people have an intrinsic sense of fairness and if they perceive an imbalance they might be open to renegotiations if they don't respond to your initial request try to get their attention in other ways for example if you're the buyer in the previous example and you want to renegotiate for repairs and Renovations you thought were included in the asking price first communicate your assumptions clearly to the seller then provide any documentation or proof that supports your understanding such as emails or listings if they still don't agree to renegotiate you could propose a meeting with a neutral third party like a licensed real estate agent to mediate and settle the issue fairly prioritize respect over friendship if you're focused on achieving a win-win you may think that befriending your counterpart and finding ways to help them out will lead to better outcomes however Camp cautions against letting friendship influence any element of your negotiation he explains that decisions based on friendship lead to bad deals as you might leave money on the table or accept unfavorable terms to keep the peace or maintain the relationship he warns that experienced negotiators know this and will use friendship to subtly pressure you into conceding more than you need to instead of prioritizing friendship Camp recommends you focus on being respectful and making logical decisions respect and logic build long-lasting relationships while expectations of friendship can strain relationships for example if you overpay for a friend's lowquality product and later encounter problems with the product you may feel frustrated with both the product and your friend which damages your relationship short form note it's not always possible to keep friendship out of a negotiation sometimes you must negotiate with people you already have a personal relationship with friends or family these negotiations can be difficult because they pit our instinct to look out for the other person's welfare with our instinct to be fairly compensated for our time effort and money to secure Fair deals when bargaining with loved ones experts recommend setting an agreement beforehand agree to use the items market value as the negotiating standard instead of giving special favors two the danger of neediness Camp writes that being willing to say no strengthens your negotiating power in two ways it makes you both feel and appear less needy feeling needy makes it harder for you to walk away from a negotiation which makes you more likely to accept mediocre offers for example you might accept a job offer with a lower salary than you hoped for because you feel desperate for employment but if you're open to saying no and able to overcome this sense of need you can walk away and seek better opportunities appearing needy can make you vulnerable to manipulation by the other party who might use your eagerness to reach an agreement to their advantage for example imagine you're buying a vintage motorcycle if you appear too eager or Hasty to make the purchase the seller may realize how much you want the bike and stick to a higher price assuming you're willing to pay more for it however if you approach the negotiation with a cool demeanor and give off the impression that you could walk away if the price isn't right the seller may be more willing to negotiate down short form note practicing the Buddhist concept of non-attachment can help you combat your feeling of needy during negotiations and therefore your appearance of neediness non-attachment means not letting people things or results control your actions or emotions to practice non-attachment recognize that everything changes and nothing lasts forever when you cling too much to a certain outcome you lose control you dedicate all your actions to getting that outcome and feel upset if the situation turns out differently by practicing non-attachment you'll be less glued to a single result and recognize that other opportunities and good things will come your way Camp right wres that saying no is a powerful way to signal that you're not needy it shows that you're willing to walk away if the terms aren't right this puts you in a stronger bargaining position as the other side realizes they may need to make concessions to keep you at the table Camp recommends several strategies to improve your ability to say no and reduce your neediness including distinguishing wants from needs eliminating needy cues and managing your costs distinguish wants from needs Camp urges you to recognize that most things you think are needs are actually wants with this in mind be flexible realize that other deals will come your way and approach negotiations with a willingness to walk away this tactic not only gives you a sense of control but also sends the message that you're not desperate to secure a deal short form note but what if you really do need a deal and the other side knows it in give and take Adam Grant says that if your position is clearly weaker than the other parties you should simply ask the other party for advice on what you should do when you ask for advice the advice giver feels important and more involved in your situation which makes them more likely to help you also when giving advice the advice giver must clarify details and see things from your perspective which gives you more information to negotiate with and increases their empathy for your situation eliminate needy cues Camp suggests you avoid giving off needy cues by speaking slowly and using a low tone using a loud voice a high pitch or talking quickly can signal excitement and neediness you can also convey indifference by displaying non- desperate body language lean back and maintain a relaxed body posture similarly avoid using overly formal or differential language instead make requests that sound less as enthusiastic for example if you're seeking an investment for a startup rather than approaching a potential investor with Mr Williams I believe our project aligns with your interests could I have 10 minutes of your time you might say Tim we thought it might be worthwhile to see if our project pequs your interest but we're not sure let's explore this possibility what's the best time for you additional tips to conquer neediness in Pitch anything orcl agrees with camp that displaying neediness will make it harder for you to get a good outcome when negotiating with others he says you should be especially careful about giving off needy cues in the first two minutes after you've laid out your offer and are waiting to hear their response clf discusses how to avoid two other needy cues announce your time frame for the negotiation clf suggests telling the other side that you have somewhere to be after your meeting and when you have to leave then near the end of your neg NE iation remind them again of your time constraints doing so will make you seem confident and valuable let them break the silence if your counterpart is silently thinking over something you've said wait calmly for them to say something avoid breaking the Silence with a question like how does that sound as this makes you seem needy manage your costs Camp suggests you combat neediness by carefully managing how much time energy money and emotion you put into a negotiation he explains that the more resources you invest in a negotiation the more you'll feel the need to make a deal seasoned negotiators may try to exploit this by deliberately exhausting you of these resources for instance by postponing your meeting until the last minute or holding it in a high-end expensive location short form note in the art of thinking clearly Ral dobelli refers to this phenomenon where investing more time energy money and emotion into something makes you value it more as the sunk cost fallacy he explains that people don't like to admit they're wrong so instead of admitting they've wasted resources they often invest more in hopes that the situation will turn out the way they wanted and thus justify their previous actions to overcome the sunk cost fallacy duelli recommends that you forget about past Investments and make decisions based only on the current situation and the future to avoid getting tricked into investing more resources Camp suggests you set predefined limits on the amount of time energy money and emotional investment you're willing to commit to a deal by doing so you avoid becoming overly invested and maintain the ability to walk away if the terms aren't favorable short form note Camp discusses how you can avoid feeling needy as you invest resources in a negotiation but how can you turn this tactic around to get more out of a deal and you can negotiate anything herb Cohen recommends what he calls the nibble tactic after getting your negotiation partner to syn time and energy into the negotiation and to agree to a deal make another small demand he explains that most people are more willing to give in to your extra demand then throw away the deal entirely after they've invested so much into it section ask your counterpart to say no Camp writes that there's another way you can employ no in a negotiation to further increase your power invite your counterpart to say no while this may seem counterintuitive he argues that encouraging your counterpart to say no can get you better deals because it signals that you're not needy lowers the other party's defenses encourages rationale instead of emotional thinking and invites further discussion short form note inviting no may be a important if your counterpart is what Chris Voss in never split the difference calls a giver Voss defines three types of negotiators givers calculators and aggressors and explains that givers are people Pleasers who often agree to things they can't follow through on because they want to make you happy by helping givers feel comfortable saying no you can ensure that they're not insincerely saying yes and that they're agreeing to something they'll deliver leading to a more solid deal for both parties signaling that you're not needy Camp writes that when you ask the other side to say no you signal that you're not needy you show that you're not willing to do whatever it takes or to make sacrifices to secure a deal which puts you in a position of strength the other party recognizes that you're willing to walk away so they may be more inclined to make some concessions for example if you're negotiating a job offer telling the employer it's okay to decline your salary request shows you're confident in your value and have other options short form note Camp's advice to invite no to appear non- needy doesn't just apply to negotiations it's also crucial in the context of dating and relationships in models Mark Manson argues that women are attracted to men who embody non- neediness although Manson doesn't advise inviting rejection he encourages you to show that you're not afraid of it by freely expressing your own feelings and opinions even if they differ from your conversational Partners just as inviting no in a negotiation shows you have other options and aren't desperate for a deal demonstrating that your open to rejection communicates that your sense of self doesn't depend on others approval this in turn makes appear more attractive lowering defenses Camp argues that asking your counterpart to say no often makes them more likely to agree to your terms because it lowers their defenses by explicitly inviting no as an acceptable answer you create a more comfortable environment for honest communication and make your counterpart feel in control this approach contrasts with traditional negotiation tactics that pressure parties to reach a quick yes which Camp argues can lead to superficial agreements that may not stand the test of time instead by by embracing no as a starting point you can work toward agreements that are both favorable for you and sustainable in the long run short form note Camp's strategy of inviting no is similar to the but you are free BF technique which is used to persuade people to comply with a request by telling them that they're free to refuse studies show that bf makes people over twice as likely to comply compared to direct requests the byf technique works best face to face because people feel more compelled to appear agreeable in your presence for example it works well for iners requests on the street but is less effective for email requests where the person decides later similarly asking your counterpart to say no may also be more effective in person encouraging rational decision-making Camp writes that puts them in a more rational state of mind which can increase your chances of closing your deal he explains that people typically make decisions based on emotions and later use logic to justify the decisions they make since decision-making is emotional they may reject your proposal if for example they feel anxiety or discomfort about it thus to increase your chances of a favorable outcome you must help your counterpart overcome their emotions and make focused logic-driven decisions Camp says giving people permission to reject an offer allows them to take a step back and evaluate your proposal more objectively when they feel free to refuse they're more likely to consider the real consequences of their decisions which can counterintuitively make them more open to accepting your offer for instance if you're trying to sell your car you might say to the potential buyer I understand if this car isn't the right fit for you feel free to say no if it doesn't meet your needs this can lessen the feeling of pressure which can reduce their anxiety and thus reduce their resistance allowing them to see the value in what you're offering short form note while Camp recommends you only ask the other party to say no Chris Voss suggests you actually get them to say no in never split the difference Voss recommends framing questions so that they prompt negative answers for example after proposing a rent amount to the landlord you could ask does this sound like an unreasonable offer instead of does this sound like a reasonable offer the first question works better because people hesitate to make commitments which saying yes requires them to do because of this people feel more comfortable saying no Voss explains that when people say no they feel more in control which makes them more likely to agree to what you want inviting further discussion Camp writes that many negotiators are afraid to hear no because they think it shuts off options or terminates the negotiation altogether however he argues that the opposite is true no serves as a stepping stone and moves negotiations forward because it invites parties to probe for deeper understanding clarify needs explore Alternatives and suggest modifications short form note the fear of hearing no is deeply rooted in our evolutionary need to belong and avoid rejection for our ancestors being ostracized from the social group was as much of a threat to survival as physical injury and when a negotiation is terminated it can feel like being ostracized so when a negotiator hears no it can trigger that deep-seated fear of exclusion and isolation it can thus take purposeful effort to quell our Natural Instincts and see no as an invitation to move forward rather than an eviction from the group if the other party does say no you can ask followup questions to better understand their perspective and concerns and find ways to address them so that you can still get what you want for example let's say you want to rent an apartment when you propose the rent you're willing to pay invite the landlord to say no the landlord will either AG agree or reject your offer a no wouldn't end the negotiation but Push It Forward the landlord would explain why they can't accept your offer which gives you information to alter your proposal for example you might find out that if you extend your rental period the landlord will accept the rental amount you proposed use empathic listening to understand reasons behind no experts note that to understand the true feelings and needs behind your counterparts initial refusal you must listen with empathy in nonviolent communication Marshall B Rosenberg explained that listening with empathy means resisting the urge to argue give advice or try to fix the situation instead focus on listening for the other person's underlying emotions and needs he recommends you paraphrase their feelings and needs back to them in the form of questions to ensure you understand their perspective accurately for example you might ask questions like are you feeling hesitant because you need more information about the potential risks by offering the other party your full focused attention and reflecting their emotions without judgment you create a safe space for them to open up and share their concerns more honestly as you continue to listen empathically the other party may even gain new insights into their own feelings and needs leading to a deeper understanding of the situation for both of you from this place of mutual understanding you can then work together to find creative ways to address their concerns and reach a satisfying agreement new section other negotiating techniques now that you know the power of saying and inviting no let's dive into other negotiating techniques Camp recommends to keep emotions in check make more logical decisions and secure better deals Define the ultimate purpose of your negotiation Camp writes that to set yourself up for Success you must identify the purpose of your negotiation a clear purpose provides you with Direction ensuring the decisions you make are focused and valuable it also safeguards you from agreeing to a deal that you don't actually want he recommends you make it clear and concise and that you write it down so you can reference it regularly when crafting your purpose Camp suggests you one frame your goal to show how it will benefit the other party for example when negotiating a job offer don't make it your purpose to secure a higher paying job that advances my career a more effective purpose would be to help the company see how my skills and experiences match their organization's objectives and the requirements of the open position short form note in How to Win Friends and Influence People Dale Carnegie also says that the only way to INF infuence someone is to talk about what they want and not what you want he explains with a metaphor about fishing you don't put your favorite dessert on a hook to catch fish you attach what fish like a worm thus Carnegie recommends you challenge yourself to not mention anything about what you personally want instead ask yourself what can the other person get out of this two focus on Behavior not results the ultimate outcome of the negotiation is out of your control so instead of focusing your efforts on getting a specific outcome concentrate on your actions and behaviors during the negotiation set process oriented goals such as inviting your counterpart to say no instead of result oriented goals like getting a specific deal camp contends that if you focus on your behavior the results you want will naturally follow short form note focusing only on what you can control is a core tenant of stoicism which is a philosophy for living a good life by maximizing happiness and minimizing unhappiness in a guide to the good life William B Irvine explains that when you focus on what you can't control you give up control of your happiness he adds that in life you have full control partial control or no control in any given situation while you can put effort into things you have partial control over like negotiations you should only set goals regarding things that are fully under your control if you set result oriented goals you'll cause yourself more anxiety that can hinder your ability to do your best work create an agenda for every step of the negotiation Camp suggests you prepare for your negotiation by creating agendas lists of items you want to discuss with your counterpart for each stage of the negotiation a well-prepared agenda ensures you communicate efficiently address all essential points and Achieve what you set out to achieve according to Camp your agenda should include some or all of the following items problems everything you or your adversary would consider to be challenges for the negotiation negotiators are often reluctant to bring up problems like a lack of experience for a job position or budget limitations for a project because they fear these issues could put the deal at risk risk however addressing these issues headon makes you appear more effective and helps both parties feel more comfortable goals what you want to achieve at this point in the negotiation you can think of your goal as the decision you need your negotiation partner to make future course what the next step of the negotiation will be this clears up ambiguity about what will happen next and makes the negotiation process more efficient short form note in never split the difference Chris Voss also suggests you address problems during a negotiation but he more specific recommends you list every bad thing the other party could say about you at the beginning of the negotiation voicing problems the other party might have with you allows you to address negative emotions UPF front you can also tap into the other party's empathy by asking for their input when you do this your counterpart feels compelled to reassure you that the problem isn't as bad as you've painted it to be include small talk in your agenda in addition to covering problems goals and the next steps of your negotiation in your agenda consider planning for small talk research suggests that engaging in small talk during negotiations can help you achieve better results and according to Deborah fine the Fine Art of small talk planning your small talk in advance can help you keep the talk interesting and avoid not knowing what to say next fine suggests you prepare two different items for good small talk questions prepare a few questions you can ask to steer the conversation in New Directions you could ask about the other person's favorite way to relax after work what they enjoy about the event you're attending or whether they've attended Ed a similar event before personal anecdotes planning to share some stories or experiences about yourself helps balance the conversation so it's not just one person doing all the Talking plus when you share about yourself it helps others feel more connected to you for example consider talking about your opinions on restaurants books and movies or your memories and experiences identify the real decision makers when preparing for your negotiation Camp recommends you identify who has the true decision-making power sometimes when negotiating with big organizations you may not be working with the person who has the real Authority instead you'll find yourself working with lower level employees people camp refers to as blockers short form note in never split the difference Voss suggests you pay attention to the pronouns your negotiation partner uses to determine whether they're decision makers or blockers decision makers are more likely to use we and US rather than first-person pronouns such as I and me this is because decision makers don't want to tie themselves down to a decision yet so they deflect by implying there are other stakeholders to consult with therefore if your counterpart uses firstperson singular pronouns it could be a sign that they're a blocker not a decision maker to avoid getting stuck negotiating with Gatekeepers Camp suggests that when setting up your negotiation you try to contact the person with the highest Authority First by doing this you increase your chances of connecting with the real decision maker right away but if you get directed down to a gatekeeper be respectful to them they might not be able to make the big decision decisions but they can still introduce you to the person who can if you handle the situation correctly these Gatekeepers can transform from roadblocks into helpful guides easing the process of dealing with big organizations short form note if you're still unable to get around Gatekeepers despite your best efforts consider doing the opposite of your typical working routine in tools of Titans Tim Ferris recommends inverting your approach when you're not getting the performance you want for instance when he was a Salesman he called outside of the typical 9 to 5 work hours and was able to bypass assistance and reach Executives because unlike their assistant they were still working outside normal business hours let go of expectations and assumptions to overcome emotions which can cause you to make poor decisions during a negotiation Camp suggests you clear your mind of all expectations and assumptions expectations and assumptions can impede your ability to accurately assess a situation eliminate expectations Camp explains that both positive and negative expectations can undermine your negotiation skilled negotiators can use your positive expectations against you by making overstated promises that get you excited and make you feel needy this can Cloud your judgment and cause you to overlook potential pitfalls similarly negative expectations can make you give up on a negotiation or settle for less to eliminate expectations Camp recommends you train yourself to recognize when you have them if you feel yourself affected by either negative or positive expectations take a short break from the negotiation to calm your emotions short form note although Camp recommends you let go of expectations entirely it may help you to have positive expectations about your negotiating ability even if you quell your expectations about the outcome this is due to what David Robson calls the expectation effect in his book of the same name Robson argues that what you expect to be or do becomes your reality because expectations cause your brain to produce physiological changes throughout your body thus how you expect to perform during a negotiation can affect how you actually perform during it eliminate assumptions while expectations can hold you back while negotiating Camp writes that assumptions particular RI incorrect ones can be even more dangerous they cause you to misunderstand people's intentions and draw flawed conclusions resulting in missed opportunities and less than ideal outcomes for example if in a job interview you assume that your potential employer is more interested in your years of experience than the particular skills you have you may spend too much time trying to justify your lack of experience instead of promoting your skill set during the interview short form note confirmation bias can make it hard for you to recognize that you're assumptions are incorrect incisive Dan and Chip Heath explained that confirmation bias causes you to only pay attention to information that matches your existing beliefs and ignore information that doesn't as a result you'll look for evidence that strengthens your assumption even if it's ultimately incorrect for example if you believe the hiring manager is more concerned about your experience you might perceive their questions about a past work experience as evidence for that assumption even though they're really interested in how you handled the situation to overcome this bias deliberately look for information that contradicts your assumption to eliminate assumptions Camp recommends you do extensive research and assume nothing until you can verify it with evidence the more you know the less you assume he also recommends that you take notes during the negotiation taking notes can keep biased thoughts away and help you listen better short form note in the culture map Aaron Meer writes that when you're communicating with people from high context cultures like Japan where communication requires not only taking words at face value but also reading between the lines you should explain why you're taking notes Meyer says people in these high context cultures May interpret your note taking as a sign you distrust them so you should reassure them that it's normal in your culture focus on your counterpart's needs according to Camp your bargaining power increases significantly when you focus on the needs and situations of the other party making the negotiation about the other party's needs reminds them of how much they need the deal and as we discussed earlier the more needy someone feels the more they're willing to compromise and agree to terms that are beneficial for you therefore camps suggests you make everything in the negotiation about them instead of thinking about what you want to gain focus on what the other party could potentially lose without a deal for example imagine you're at a fruit market to buy ingredients for a dish you're making at the last minute for an important family gathering instead of thinking about how much you need those ingredients you might focus on the vendor's need to clear their stock this way you have more leverage to negotiate perhaps Landing a bulk purchase deal or getting a discount for older produce short form note other experts build on Camp's advice to focus on the other Pary needs and situation adding that you should specifically try to identify their walkway alternative the best option they have if they don't reach a deal with you to determine their walkway alternative consider what other options they might have to meet their needs Without You by identifying this alternative you can better gauge how much they truly need the deal and adjust your strategy accordingly for instance by highlighting the drawbacks of the alternative the more unappealing their alternative is the more likely it is they'll accept the terms you propose to shift the focus of the negotiation to your counterpart's needs Camp recommends two strategies asking questions and moderating their emotions ask questions Camp writes that during a negotiation you should ask a lot of questions asking questions opens doorways to your adversaries World allowing you to understand the perspective from which they make decisions when you understand the other party's perspective you can guide them towards making rational decisions that are favorable to you camp adds that questions also encourage the other party to do most of the speaking this helps you discover helpful information without accidentally revealing information that gives them an advantage you can also use questions to fuel the other party's sense of neediness by asking them to imagine what they stand to lose without a deal for example if you're offering a home security system you could ask ask how many precious family heirlooms can you afford to lose in a Breakin understanding what others want perspective taking versus perspective getting other experts agree with camp that asking questions is the best way to see a situation from someone else's perspective they argue that perspective taking where you try to Envision yourself in another person's position isn't very effective research conducted across a diverse group of subjects from students to working adults found that perspective taking doesn't necessarily provide accurate insights into their wants and feelings even when people tried to think like their friends or spouses as opposed to strangers they didn't have much luck guessing their thoughts instead of perspective taking experts recommend perspective getting asking questions to gain new information you can do this by asking for people's opinions for example if you're selling a home security system you might ask how the other person feels about the safety of their neighborhood their answer could clue you in as to what their needs are how to ask good questions Camp suggests you avoid vered questions such as does this proposal sound good as these questions typically solicit either a yes or no answer and limit the amount of information the other party shares with you instead opt for questions that begin with who what when where why how and which for instance a question like what steps can we take to make this proposal sound better for you is comforting non-aggressive and encourages information sharing short form note while Camp recommends a avoiding vered questions in negotiations other experts say that verbed questions are helpful for detecting deception and getting honest straightforward answers for example if you're negotiating the lease terms for an apartment the question have there been any reported break-ins in this building in the past year will get you a more clear-cut answer about the building security history then what can you tell me about the neighborhood for maximum effect keep your questions simple and concise complex questions May confuse your adversary and cause the negotiation to lose focus Camp also suggests you ask one question at a time and truly listen to the response rather than prepare your rort or try to guide the answer in your favor short form note research shows that people like you better the more responsive you seem asking follow-up questions in particular increases people's perceptions of how responsive you are so to make your adversary like you better you should ask simple questions one at a time listen carefully to their responses and then ask follow-up questions about their responses Camp suggests four strategies for negotiating with questions one put your count part at ease discomfort makes people defensive and less open to what you're saying which makes it harder to negotiate with them to put people at ease maintain non-threatening body language like leaning back in your chair and preface your questions with supportive statements for instance that's a good point you can also help the other party feel comfortable by presenting yourself as less than perfect show a bit of struggle or share a laugh about a harmless blunder for instance you could admit that you're slightly late because you struggled to park your car in a tight space short form note other other experts agree that showing some vulnerability can make people more receptive to you but they argue that you should do so only after you've demonstrated your skills and knowledge in some way in give and take Adam Grant explains what's known as the pratfall effect if people already see you as competent revealing small mistakes makes you more likable however if you haven't proven your competence people may doubt your abilities and like you less so be sure to present yourself as an effective negotiator before being vulnerable about your flaws two answer with questions respond to the other party's questions with your own questions for example you might redirect a question by saying that's a really important Point how do you feel about that this technique allows you to control the negotiation prevent yourself from leaking information and gather more insight about your counterpart short form note deflecting questions with answers can help you avoid disclosing information you don't want to disclose but it doesn't come naturally to most people because of this other experts suggest you anticipate difficult questions the other party might ask you then prepare deflecting questions related to the same topic to avoid breaking up the flow of the negotiation this way you don't have to come up with these questions on the spot three keep the other party talking similarly respond to implied questions and provocative assertions with statements that encourage the other party to share more information for example if the other party says that's a high price for that piece of software instead of explaining why the price is Justified you could say I'd like to understand why you think so by giving them an opportunity to express more details you gain a deeper understanding of their needs and their position short form note in the Fine Art of small talk Deborah fine says that active listening is an effective tool for encouraging the other party to share more information active listening means giving the speaker Visual and verbal feedback that you're listening to them visual feedback includes nodding and maintaining eye contact while avoiding behaviors that signal disinterest like fidgeting crossing your limbs or resting your chin in your hand verbal feedback includes questions like Camp suggests but you can also consider paraphrasing and repeating their words to promp them to elaborate or clarify by giving Visual and verbal feedback you help the other party feel heard and thus more eager to continue talking four triple check stick with a question until you receive the answer at least three times this gives your opponent many chances to re-examine their decision they can verify if they were right justify their choice or change their mind instead of pushing them into a corner this approach lets them reflect on their stance and makes them feel in control short form note triple cheing may be especially helpful when negotiating with people from a higher context culture than you in the culture map Aaron Meyer explains that low context cultures like the United States communicate at face value and it's the speaker's responsibility to communicate their message clearly on the other hand higher context cultures rely more on actions or contexts that aren't explicitly talked about so by asking questions multiple times you can be sure that you've captured all of the nuance and that you clearly understand their response moderate your counterparts emotions inviting no is not enough to keep your counterparts emotions in check as you highlight your counterparts needs you must focus on keeping the negotiation unemotional Camp argues that negotiations are more successful when both parties are calm people make clearer decisions and secure deals that last if your counterpart is feeling too negative about the negotiation empathize with their situation to soften their negative emotions for example you might say I understand your frustration and would feel the same if I were you however let's explore some possible solutions together on the other hand if your counterpart is overly positive moderate their excitement with a word of caution for example you might say before we finalize are you absolutely certain that this fully aligns with your goals short form note in better decisions fewer regrets Andy Stanley agrees with Camp arguing that good decisions are made thoughtfully and purposefully which can be hard to do when we're influenced by our emotions he writes that the emotions we feel while making the decision aren't necessarily the same as the emotions we'll feel later to guard against this decision-making trap he recommends asking yourself five questions when making a decision including how does this fit into my story this helps you think about the future and how your decision aligns with your vision for it you could even ask your counterpart these questions to help them make decisions more calmly and thoughtfully exercise reframe your negotiation to encourage no Camp argues that inviting no in negotiations helps you gain more insight into the other party's position and concerns leading to better more solid agreements practice building your comfort with no and turning it into a constructive part of the negotiation process question one describe a current or upcoming negotiation you're involved in what are you trying to get out of the negotiation who is the other party involved question two consider aspects of your proposal that might lead to rejection or a no from the other party write down at least two to three points where you think a no could naturally occur question three write down how you can present each of your offers in a way that invites a no for example if you don't think this partnership will work out just say no question four for each point where you anticipate a no prepare a response that helps you understand the reason behind the rejection without pushing the other party into a corner

  Top Comments:
  1. @gpk-sf5rj: First listner... ^^

- How to Get The Truth Without Asking for it Directly!: Kind: captions Language: en Because you want to know what someone's really hiding. Here's the secret. They'll tell you willingly if you know the one thing hostage negotiators never skip over. How you get the truth without asking for it directly. Hey, I'm Chris Vos from the Black Swan Group. We teach people how to use the same hostage negotiation skills I used in the FBI, but we've improved them. So, don't worry. There's no hostages here except maybe you. If you're afraid of bringing something up because of how they might react, who's holding who hostage then? So, what's the secret to secrets? It's simple. People love to correct you and people hate awkward silence. So if you master these two triggers, correction and silence, getting corrected, not correcting them, getting corrected, you can get anyone to tell you way more than they planned. Tactic number one, use the accusations audit. Let's say you're buying a car and you can't get the salesman to budge on price. Bring up the worst thing they may be thinking in the back of their mind before they do. Say, "You probably think I'm here to either get a cheap deal or I'm just shopping around. It will waste your time." And say it like that. Be playful. Removes you as a threat when you're playful. Tactic number two, silence. Shut the front door. Get a PhD in shutting up. Then label the emotion. In either case, you got to wait six seconds. Count thousands to yourself to let the neurochemicals run their course through the brain. Takes at least six seconds for them to have full impact. Then say, "Seems like you've got some pressure on you to keep this price high." Boom. Let them spill. People can't help but respond when you label what they feel, especially if being well-intentioned, you label it incorrectly because they want to correct you. This lowers their guard and they will likely correct you with the real story. They might say, "Well, it's actually the manager that sets the floor price." All right, now you've got rapport belt. You can start working with each other instead of against them. Why does this work? Again, correction is a drug. It feels good to correct. And when they're correcting you, they feel they're helping you. They're stepping to your side. They're mentoring you. Again, now instead of being across the table, you're on the same side of the table working together. Now, the dynamic silence works with labels and accusations audit because you got to liberate the truth. You've got to let the neurochemicals move through their system and people fill the awkward gaps. Awkward only if you don't realize the magic that's happening. Feels awkward for you at first, but it's gold every time. So remember, secrets hide behind small talk. Cut through it by using the accusations audit. Silence, a label, and more silence. Your label might be a mislabel. That's okay. You're trying to get it right. Watch them hand you the truth on a silver platter, and it's a lot of fun.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PersonalNotPrivate-rl8dv [2 likes]: I used to hate small talk. Now it's just a tool that I have fun with. How's it going? I'm still trying to find it. How are you? I'm pretty sure, we are not supposed to actually get into the details. Throw in a wink or a smile and either the truth will often flow in agreement, and some confusion because they are not sure why we bother with small talk to begin with, or people will double-down and insist they really do want to know, at which point I can often steer the conversation if I want to have one.
  2. @zdhanse [2 likes]: Goals: ‘Get ‘a PHD in shutting up’…’ - -
  3. @dameanvil [2 likes]: 0:14 🔒 He explains that people reveal secrets when driven by two triggers: the urge to correct others and discomfort with silence.
1:10 🚗 Tactic 1 — *Accusations Audit*: State the negative assumptions the other person might have before they do to remove tension.
1:42 🤫 Tactic 2 — *Silence*: Stay quiet for at least six seconds after labeling an emotion to let the other person process and speak.
2:06 💬 Example: Say, “Seems like you’ve got some pressure to keep this price high,” prompting the other person to share the real reason.
2:49 🧠 People love correcting others—it makes them feel helpful and creates a sense of teamwork instead of opposition.
3:08 🪄 Dynamic silence, when combined with labeling, encourages truth-telling by allowing natural discomfort to do the work.
3:38 💡 Key takeaway: Secrets hide behind small talk—use accusations audit, silence, and labeling to uncover them effortlessly.
  4. @organizer14 [1 likes]: What is a label?
  5. @tonypanzarella9387 [1 likes]: For some reason, I smell alcohol.
  6. @TheChoznJuan [1 likes]: Everyone wanting proof and that's all butthurt...
He's referring to you!😂😂😂
  7. @JohnHayzII [1 likes]: You're gonna think I'm a nitpicker. What's up with the cliker in Chriss' hand?
  8. @Eleven.11.C [1 likes]: I gotta get that PhD in shutting up 😂
  9. @andrewbrady8781: I am guessing the click isn’t for training listeners like a dog but hopefully is like advancing slide on screen or the script on teleprompter  (well maybe it’s operant conditioning too)
  10. @debraallard9489: Very informative.  Thank you
  11. @boazappelman1117: Can we use this in sales?
  12. @xander1756: 1. I've no interest in manipulating people.
2. Correcting others is only a drug to those who strongly need or desire to correct others...and not everyone is like that.
3. Intentionally talking very slowly at certain moments is sure fire way for me to cease listening.
4. There is no way you know how millions of people, you have zero knowledge of, will respond to these manipulation tactics.
  13. @zackwilson: Guys… burned in subtitles are for short vertical videos. It’s really annoying in these long form ones. Had to stop watching after 30 sec.
  14. @JohnBlatz-xb3vx: These are golden tactics particularly for those who are by nature or by training, expressive.   But there's is a flip side.

Maybe YOU should curb your desire to quickly correct someone.  Maybe YOU should not be so quick to fill a verbal gap.
  15. @riddhimad.ramnani6677: Does with with with being autistic I see right through it until I’m asked a direct question
  16. @Missdiagnosed-ClusterA-Z: People love to correct me 
Let me learn to take advantage of that 
I hope I can
  17. @zupi.e: Why does Chris always sound drunk??
  18. @marlett-jv9yf: I bet you learned alot about yourself when deciding to use the counter during your presentation?
  19. @hubey: "It's a lot of fun." I think is the most important sentiment. Most us us are suffering from thinking we have to be serious all the time like it's a synonym for sincere or integrity. It's not. We can be sincere and have integrity within a jouful attitude, infact it makes it easier and more expansive to be so.
  20. @fredericktruter5292: I noticed the book "Long Walk to Freedom" on the shelf; if you see the results of that long walk, today in South Africa, you will be disgusted.
The USA even started a refugee program for white South Africans. Mr. Vos, what may be the purpose for the display of the book?

- Using "NO" To Quickly Persuade People  | Negotiation Tactics | Chris Voss: Kind: captions Language: en why is that why why is me you laying out me laying out my resume you laying out your resume stupid it's all about you number one it's all about me but number two your resume correlates loosely with whether or not you know what you're doing if your resume correlated accurately with what you did you guys would never make a bad hire would you what'd i say to that father here's what i said all right so haitian kidnappers are not killing kidnap victims these days i realize it's really stupid because they kill each other at the drop of a hat but they're not killing kidnap victims and today is thursday and haitian kidnappers love the party on saturday night so if you say the things that i want you to say when i want you to sing we'll have your son out late friday early saturday morning he said tell me what you want me to do and we had a son out saturday morning let's break down a little bit what i said what i didn't say first of all which took more time me laying out my resume or me laying out what he was faced with it took less time for me to lay out what he was faced with didn't it i will tell you also in the course of getting his son out he never asked me how long had been an fbi agent he never asked me how long i've been a negotiator he never asked me how many countries i'd negotiated in he never asked me how many cases in haiti had negotiated and he never even asked me how many times i've been to haiti you know how many times i've been to haiti never i've never been to haiti did i speak french did i speak creole did he ask me those questions and you may have asked yourself already you know there's basically 168 countries in this world a lot of languages how many languages does chris boss speak if he negotiated all over the world and by now you realize the answer to that is barely one he didn't ask me those questions i told him what he was facing because when someone says how are you going to help me their first question is okay so you've been doing this for a long time do you see what i see do you know what i'm looking at i laid it out for him and i offered him the slightest bit of insight and they say to themselves wow if you see clearly what's in front of me there's a really good chance you know what you're doing do i have to explain this to you do i have to explain to you my challenges you lay it out one of two things happened they say to you that's right or they say no that's not it this is it what happens when they say that's not it this is it you're in dialogue you're in collaboration instantly you're trying to get to dialogue and collaboration instantly aren't you and many people don't realize that when somebody corrects you that means you're in collaboration you're in dialogue and you're on your way with that here's a couple of other things i did not do and one of them is probably the two the two worst habits you have did i try to get him to say yes you guys are hardwired to hear yes you guys are desperate for it you guys you guys got an addiction to yes you didn't know it was going to be that kind of a meeting did you hi hi chris it's so bad here's how bad it is and getting you out of that you think getting people to say yes the yes momentum the estimable proposition get them to say yes a lot of little things and you get and they say yes to the big thing you're addicted to that and getting out of that is going to be one of the most difficult things you could do not complicated but here's how difficult it's going to be everybody make a fist with either hand right thumb up left fore finger out now switch that hurt didn't it switch back some of you going like i got your left warfare i saw him right here see if he sees this was that complicated what i asked you to do do you need to be do you need to be elon musk to know what i was trying to get you to do no but it was awkward it was difficult i know there's somebody in the back room right now going like here's the cool thing about that brain science the difficulty that you felt trying to get that done is actually the creation of a new neural pathway that's a cool idea the neuroscience rules are the path the synapses that fire together wire together now your yes habit is hardwired that road is built and you're used to screaming down that road in your thought processes getting out of it is going to take some repetitions how many 63. john foley blue angel pilot i heard him give a speech probably about two years ago he talked about wiring grooves into their brain which is the same thing as the neural pathways and new habits that i'm talking about and they you know if they don't wire a groove into their brain these guys crash into each other in the air and people start to die instantly and he said they did some research on it and said it took about 63 to 65 repetitions to put a new habit in the brain but at the very beginning it's as hard as that was and you quit you give up and you because you think it's going to be that hard the whole time like i'm not doing this anymore it hurts my head but you don't know how close you actually are to breaking through a new habit everybody knows what the the bell curve looks like it it's very steep and it peaks and then you take off on the other end we're building you're building a new habit some of the new habits i'm going to share with you today at the beginning you just see how steep this thing is initially like you know this is too hard i'm not doing this anymore but i got to get you out of the yes habit i got to get you out of that that is the worst thing you could possibly do i don't even bother with the word yes and when we were when we were working on the book uh one of the guys that i was working with he said hey how did you get the as a hostage negotiator how did you get kidnappers to say yes the only question i can remember being thoroughly stunt by because i never really thought about it that hard at that time and i said no we never did it's a useless word so we didn't even bother with it so some of you are sitting there sitting there thinking right now like okay fine now what do you want me to do because that's all i do and you know what i close deals that way too you can't tell me that i don't close deals getting people to say yes now i'm not saying you can't do it i'm just saying your batting averages in anywhere close to what it should be you're batting 125 when you should be batting 350 for your baseball players yeah stick to 125. you want to stay there because this is what it looks like and this is why it fails would you like to have a more efficient system would you like to have more customers would you like to have more free time buy my product now this is maybe there was a point in time when this was a good idea maybe but the swamp land timeshare salesman the coupon book the 50 000 coupon book salesman [Music] has already battered them so hard that they're battered by yes you guys know anecdotally what happens if you come across a battered child and you try to hug them they still flinch and jump back from you but wait a minute i was trying to give them a hug i'm a good guy i meant well i wasn't trying to trap him i was trying to have integrity it doesn't matter they're bad everybody's battered by yes you got to stop this you got to stop it okay fine you convinced me now what you know who this is jack welch one jack the most famous ceos former ceo ge author of a number of books jack winning the real life nba jack welch come to los angeles a couple years ago he and his wife susie the latest book the real life mba i'm going to go to the book signing i'm going to ask jack to come speak at the class i'm i'm teaching at that time at the usc marshall school of business in the mba program negotiation i want jack to come speak to my negotiation class how many people try to get jack welts to say yes to something that day everybody how many people in the book signing are trying gonna try to get jack waltz to say yes to something they come up to and say hey jack you want to come to the house wife makes a great meal how many people everybody you're me what do you say how much time have i got maybe not seven seconds even less than that because at a book signing what happens a guy like jack welch you come in when when you're about five six seven people from jack somebody comes up to you and says what's your name they write your name down on a piece of paper so jack can write your name on the book they say but in reality so you don't talk to him he doesn't say have to say to you what's your name he said chris good luck keep going problem one there's 300 people online if i try to stop and talk to jack welch for even 20 seconds we're now there for six hours right problem two jack walt's a legitimate celebrity they don't know who i am they they haven't put me through a metal detector they don't know i i don't have a gun as a matter of fact i have a gun but they don't know that i'm an fbi agent they haven't got any id for me i could come up i'm going to get within arm's length of jax welch i could do what i want jane fonda was at a book signing a number of years ago vietnam vet got within arm's length of her and spit right in her face action is quicker than reaction i'm going to be arm's length from jack welch he's got security people there that are worried about his safety they know they can't stop me from doing whatever i want to do i can walk up to jack welch i could take his face in my hands and kiss him right on the lips if i wanted to you got a disgusted look on his face but they don't know what i'm gonna do so everybody's more than jumpy i walk up to jack welch and this is what i say is it a ridiculous idea for you to come and speak to the negotiation course that i teach at usc and he looks up and to the left he gets this really intense skull on his face and he just freezes he doesn't move and i think i just killed jack welch because he's old right i figured he got mad and he had a stroke and he's going to die because he's so angry he's going to fall right in front of me and then they're gonna tackle me they're gonna blame me they drag me out cops and i'll say but i'm an fbi agent and you killed jack welch doesn't matter so initially when he doesn't die i'm relieved but he's he still doesn't move and i'm thinking now he's going to start going security security because he looks furious finally looks at me and he says this is my personal assistant's name this is a special twitter account we have set up to communicate with her i will call her tell her who you are and what you want i think we're going to be in los angeles in the fall if we all will come in and speak to your course because it triggered a no i triggered a calibrated no a calculated no i changed the yes question to a no and i'm i'm here to tell you a calibrated no is worth five yeses think about think about what he thought through in the steps that he thought through before he answered me because all the rest of that stuff i would have had if he just said yes i said who do i get in touch with how do i coordinate with them how do i communicate them with them will you call them and brief them we're talking about the fall where you're going to be in the fall think of how many questions he went ahead and answered for me it's insane we do this on a regular basis i don't bother with yes we did a training in new york just about it uh earlier this month it's still may right about two weeks ago um very intense intensive master class i happen to run across robert herzevec from shark tank in new york or in l.a just a couple weeks ago by the way a wonderful guy i mean a wonderful gracious charming impressive guy i would work with him i would work for him he was telling me about how he develops his people phenomenal guy i offer him a free ticket he's gracious enough to say how many can we buy and so we're going back and forth on how many he could buy and i'm trying to get a commitment out of him and the event is selling like it is the door is slamming shut and i realize that if i don't get a nearly instantaneous commitment from him because we're charging people a lot of money for these tickets we're charging people just short of two thousand dollars per head to be there and every you know uh we got people buying them i can't keep this window open for him i don't care if he is a billionaire we get people won't want these tickets so five o'clock on a friday i have to get a commitment from him now we're in l.a five o'clock on a friday it's 8 p.m here in new york the other problem is business opens in new york three hours earlier than it does in los angeles if i haven't got him committed before the start of the next business day he's out i sent him an email that says are you against making a commitment for these tickets now are you against paying for them before the start of business tomorrow i get an email back instantly says no we're going to take three in total we'll pay for them before the before business starts tomorrow less than 20 minutes later i'm getting emails from his assistants to pay now what would you have done normally you know how many would you like would you please commit now can you pay before the close of business tomorrow would be the normal thing but it's going to be too late but i you help people think by switching out a yes and into no i don't bother with yes we don't bother with yes i could i could go i could belabor it at length yes it's commitment commitment creates anxiety knows protection protection makes people feel safe and secure and helps them think anxiety interferes with people's thought processes every time you try to get somebody to say yes to something you're creating anxiety because they say to themselves what have i let myself in for what's the catch what's the hook where's this going what are you trying to do to me these are anxiety creating instances which interfere with their ability to make decisions it's not me telling you this this is neuroscience anxiety slows the brain don't take my word for it okay fine so what if no is not enough this is this is this is what this is really what sold the book to the publisher they've never seen anything like this before it's in in our utter disdain for yes because what's the most famous negotiating book in the world anyway right everybody knows getting to yes right yes it's supposed to be what you want to get people to say yes it's not what you want people to say this is what you want them to say after the no now that's kind of disappointing right like that's not special that doesn't make me feel good well yes makes me feel good i love yes i got a bad addiction to yes i'm happy when i hear you that's right it's it's not what it is to you when it comes out of their mouth it's what it is to them that's right is what people say when they think that what they've just heard is the total and complete truth there's two simultaneous things that happen it triggers a subtle epiphany in people's brains there's a chemical change with epiphany they feel better they feel smarter they feel clarity stephen covey's advice from way back when seek first understand then be understood and so we thought okay all we got to do is say to somebody i understand and then you then you get a talk right because they're ready to hear you no it's the changes show understanding first trigger a that's right then and only then are they ready to hear you what whatever your political whatever political side of the aisle you're on i'll give you an example to prove it to you last presidential election the two candidates are on tv engaged in a debate when whichever candidate you loved when you decided to vote for them they said something in the debate you thoroughly believed in you didn't look at the tv and say you're right you looked at the tv and you went that's right that's what people say when they're all in they say that's right

  Top Comments:
  1. @seancrouse9623 [6 likes]: He sounds a little like Al Pacino.  I love it!
  2. @jamieridealgh [6 likes]: I can't believe that I've just seen Chris Voss do the finger/thumb switch that was shared with me 18 years ago and that I had been using ever since!
  3. @randomlist100 [3 likes]: I am not sure if that guy is drunk but I have a hard time understanding him
  4. @justice6480 [3 likes]: I use No in sales all the time - works a treat 

I call it “ the power of no”
  5. @durancoley [1 likes]: Where’s the full interview
  6. @robertmaybeth3434 [1 likes]: Thanks for the longer lecture by Chris Voss, I was looking for something just like it.  The shorts only tell a tiny part of the story when this (brilliant) guy talks.
  7. @billmcle [1 likes]: Gotta say,  I've ben direct selling for 50 years and I'm a little pissed off that the secret is out.
  8. @DamnILoveCars [1 likes]: I use methods taught in this video when playing online games with my friends to motivate them and collect them when things get hairy. Team composure and synergy has never been higher. Chris' lessons are incredible.
  9. @jfalconandres: Funnier (and more interesting) than most stand-up comedians.
  10. @plainspokenJane: 16:30 Even the audience demonstrated major resistance to, "yes".
  11. @battlemorph: "...barely one." 😂😂😂 I just saw your soul, brother 💚
  12. @t.v-88: Real problem comes when everyone does the the no-oriented questions and this triggers the reflexive response as well. Strike while the iron is hot!
  13. @Viniciusfranco76: I wont do any online bachelor of Psychology
  14. @NathanWarner-j4e: I imagine because of the quite quick talking speed, I didn't quite catch, but: why of spitting in the person's face? Perhaps you had your reasons.  Everything else said in this video, sounds somewhere close to possibly and discernibly good. 
God bless.
  15. @nachochitiu6953: NY to LA 5 hours difference, not 3.
  16. @karlpizzolatto9962: digress digress
get to the fscking point
Talking endlessly and going nowhere an indoctrination tactic.
It wears Down The Listener and prevents critical thought

The only thing this guy is selling here this is $2,000 lecture
  17. @DC.DYNASTY: OH BROTHER. THIS GUY STINKS!! DO YOU AGREE?
  18. @jeangreen432: In learning, it always gets more difficult before it becomes easy, G.A.S. General Adaptation Syndrome.
  19. @samsecada8404: I asked my wife this no question . Would it be crazy for you to get off your fat azz , clean this filthy kitchen and stop acting like your psychotic mother ? Didn't go well .
  20. @amantinoubliable: I cried from beginning to the end.
One of the best video. Ever.