- 8 Celebs Who've Struggled With Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en sometimes watching our favorite celebs on TV or attending their concert makes us forget that they're actually human nearly 20% of the US population has a mental illness a number of celebrities know the struggle all too well today specifically I'm talking about anxiety you know the feeling of worry nervousness or unease well you're not the only one because celebs suffer from it too and right now I'm breaking down eight stars who have come forward with anxiety Zayn is one Mega star that is suffering from major anxiety he has now canel two shows seeing that he couldn't cope he wrote to his fans saying quote I have been working over the last three months to overcome my extreme anxiety around major live solo performances he said I feel I am making progress but I have today acknowledged that I do not feel sufficiently confident to move forward with the plan show in Dubai in October of 2016 he assured fans that he would refund their tickets and apologized for any disappointment ointment he also canceled an appearance at UK Capital Summertime Ball back in June for similar reasons saying that the anxiety that has haunted me throughout the last few months around live performances has gotten the better of me he said in a tweet with the magnitude of the event I have suffered the worst anxiety of my career he was supported by his girlfriend fashion model giigi Hadid who shared a sweet response via tweet with a simple heart emoji Selena Gomez also suffers from anxiety so much so that she even canceled the remainder of her Revival World Tour she wrote to her fans saying quote as many of you know around a year ago I revealed that I have Lupus an illness that can affect people in different ways I've discovered that anxiety panic attacks and depression can be side effects of Lupus which can present their own challenges she also wrote I want to be proactive and focus on maintaining my health and happiness and have decided that the best way forward is to take some time off thank you to all of my fans for your support you know how special you are to me but I need to face this headon to ensure I am doing everything possible to be my best I know I Am Not Alone by sharing this I hope others will be encouraged to address their own issues other reports have since come out claiming she couldn't take that Justin Bieber had moved on from her and was ignoring her but I say give the girl a break I can't even imagine I wish her the best Camila Cabo of Fifth Harmony also speaks candidly about having major anxiety she tweets about it all the time and even told billboard last year quote I was having terrible anxiety non-stop my heart would beat really fast the whole day two hours after I woke up I'd need a nap because my body was so hyperactive it was so F sorry but it was effed up recently she left a concert in Missouri her bandmates claimed she had a wardrobe malfunction however later in the night after she never got back on stage she took to Snapchat writing quote hi Missouri sorry I couldn't finish the set last night she said was having too much anxiety and couldn't finish it I love you I'm truly sorry Camila hinted that something was wrong prior to the concert when she tweeted just want to sleep for 3 days being on tour has to be extremely stressful especially when you're suffering from anxiety I can't imagine having to perform in front of a massive crowd every single night although Demi levado hasn't canceled any shows due to anxiety she has spoken out about how it affects and exists in her life Demi told on quote if I get stuck in a crowd I'll start to think oh my God I'm going to die something's going to go wrong and someone's going to stab me Demi explained that when she feels anxious or low she turns to creativity as an outlet and finds it really helpful if she can paint or meditate she said quote I talk to the people around me like the people on my team I vocalize a lot of what I need and they're very understanding I'm very grateful for that exercising is another way I deal with anxiety painting and writing music and expressing myself through ART or other ways that I can release emotions meditation is another one whatever it is that's important to find what works for you Disney Channel actress and singer Dove Cameron has opened up about her anxiety on Twitter telling her fans she doesn't try to hide her anxiety instead she works to embrace and manage it after a fan asked her if she had anxiety on Twitter she said yes but it has made me that much more discipline in my thoughts thoughts so it has been a blessing in disguise when another fan tweeted that Dove hides her anxiety well because she seems happy Dove said it's not about hiding it it's about genuinely embracing acknowledging and managing it I could never fake happiness for dove anxiety management means quote time alone self-reflection laughter getting in touch with my body journaling therapy sleep nature exercise she also said so many people have anxiety related things it needs to be less taboo to talk about it helps so much to talk Taylor Swift oozes confidence in every aspect of her career seeing her strutting down the runway at the Victoria Secret fashion show you'd never believe that she too has anxiety but even she has admitted to having a battle with anxiety especially with guys saying I can feel at times if you let your anxiety get the better of you like everybody's waiting for you to really mess up and then you'll be done I think the pressure of being a CB creates anxiety that a person may not have had before so much pressure Emma Stone admitted to Vogue in 2012 that she has had experience with anxiety and panic attacks she recalled having panic attacks saying the first time I had a panic attack I was sitting in my friend's house and I thought the house was burning down I called my mom and she brought me home and for the next 3 years it just would not stop she explained that she used to go to the school nurse at lunchtime ringing her hands and would constantly beg her mom to tell her exactly how how the day was going to be saying I just needed to know that no one was going to die and nothing was going to change Stone says when she discovered acting the intimacy of it helped her to prevent the anxiety from affecting her thoughts she said you can't afford to think about a million other things you have to think about the task at hand even Adele the queen of all queens has opened up about her fear of playing at large festivals and Arenas she said quote I have anxiety attacks constant panicking on stage my heart feels like it's going to explode because I never feel like I am going to deliver ever she added I will not do festivals the thought of an audience that big frightens the life out of me I don't think the music would work either it's all too slow I'd hate to book a festival and have a anxiety attack and then not go on stage of course I do want to know what you think about all of these celebrities being so open and honest about having anxiety share your thoughts in the comment section below and then you can click right over here to check in with the craziest celebrity phobias I'm Ryland Adams thanks for hanging see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @angy8359 [2 likes]: Oh Zayn... I don't what would have happened to him if he hadn't live 1D. I can't see him like that, I just can't, it makes me cry😭❤
  2. @iqrazafar4214 [1 likes]: Am I the only one who see people who are always happy and have a good life in school or on TV or celebrity's and wish you were them
  3. @jamesweston2889: had it since 18..46 now and generally better..but took me into addiction and ruin..going through a horrible patch at the mo..had some bad patches with it..glad its more open now
  4. @Aimlessartist: I feel like I’ve had undiagnosed ADD for years which has manifested into anxiety and depression since I can never figure out why I can’t follow through with life progression (career, love, health, independence). Anxiety is so broad, you really need to find the reasons behind it to do anything toward helping your thoughts.. it’s usually elevated cortisol which is the stress hormone..which sets off our fight or flight response. We need to acknowledge that first and realize that our bodies are just doing what it’s supposed to to protect ourselves but the levels are just too much than needed. I’ve been doing video meditations for weeks since my mother passed from Covid and it’s really helped control my breathing. I hope this helps someone. Take care, you are loved 💜
  5. @anaharlan9559: i have anxiety.... Everday i think dead😭 I stress..
  6. @sunshineladrillo6269: I read Panic Attack And Motivation.. thats Why Im Always Feel great And Positive thoughts😊
  7. @sunshineladrillo6269: Same here.. I feel Now But i dont Notice It... Haha im Laughing sometimes Im Scared And Im crying ive been In Doctor .. im Always Praying... 😊 ill Share My prayers To those Celebraties who those Has Anxiety Disorder,nervous panic like Me😊
  8. @kobster1721: Anxiety sucks
  9. @Hall2001h: Oh my god ryland?
  10. @shan5193: I have severe anxiety, I'm 19 and lost my 7 month old shes now being cared for by family sie to my aspergers. I was hospitalised last week with a suspected heart attack . Turns out it was a panic attack
  11. @winner9252: I have also ANXIETY DISORDER... OCD,  depression, bipolar....  it's horrible 
...some  others never understand it
  12. @JoeRussellProductions: I think it would be helpful for all of us who experience anxiety to give a little bit of detail about what their anxiety feels like for them.  That way, others can read it and know that their experience with it is shared.  I know that when I am having anxiety, I seem to tell myself that there is no way other humans can feel this way.  I will start here.  When I get anxious, I am very aware of my heart rate ramping up and if I get a skipped beat during that moment, it really sends me in to a terror mode.  Because of it, I rarely do cardio.  It can also happen if I have do any kind of public speaking.  I just kind of become hyper focused on my heart rate and start looking for the exit.  I have an overwhelming desire to escape whatever situation I am in that is making me anxious.  Also, heat is a big trigger for me.  If I get too hot and am in a stressful situation, I need to cool myself down right away or a panic attack will set in.  What about you?
  13. @xidigalu5087: I feel fear  its Anxiety or not
  14. @rikabotha1715: Hi is j nie jody se ex nie jy lyk bekent
  15. @RG6-87: I'm suffer from anxiety over the 10 years ago but it became more worst
  16. @ruatpuiapachuau38: femd
  17. @BA-fu7it: Poor Zaynie...😢😪
  18. @souhardya1487: No. 9 me
  19. @anyapi987: Shane's boyfriend 😊
  20. @zaynjustin3515: After knewing that many celebrities suffered  from anxiety and depression iam little bit relaxed and get hope.

- Top 10 Celebrities That Struggle With Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en anxiety is a very serious problem that affects people all over the world it doesn't discriminate against race gender religion regardless if you're in the top 1% of the world's wealthiest you too can be a victim of anxiety so to no surprise countless celebrities have publicly come out with their own stories of dealing with anxiety and truthfully I think it's amazing for some reason there's a negative stigma about mental health in general whether it be speaking about it or addressing the issues at hand so to see people with such large platforms publicly speak about their own experiences well it's nice to see I deal with a fair amount of anxiety myself and regardless if you do or don't the truth is mental health is no different than physical health something society is slowly but surely come to terms with today we count down the top 10 celebrities that struggle with anxiety what's going down guys welcome back to IO I'm your host Jared Bronstein and today we're talking about a topic that's incredibly important to me being someone who's family in general has quite severe issues with anxiety I can definitely relate to a lot of what these celebs talk about hopefully after watching this one you'll either feel more comfortable speaking about your own mental health issues or at the very least will be more understanding of those who deal with issues of their own make sure to stick around to the very end for some common replies but for now let's roll starting us off at number 10 Selena Gomez in 2016 so Liam took a break from her career to focus on her mental health telling people magazine her lupus led to her having severe anxiety and depression she said I've discovered that anxiety panic attacks and depression can be side effects of lupus which can present their own challenges I want to be proactive and focus on maintaining my health and happiness and I have decided that the best way forward is to take some time off thank you to all my fans for your support you know how special you are to me but under faces head-on to ensure I am doing everything possible to my best I know I'm not alone by sharing this I hope others will be encouraged to address their own issues she's also an executive producer on thirteen reasons why which is known for its focus on struggling and dealing with mental health issues in a number 9 Emma Stone in numerous interviews Stone has publicly spoken about how she has dealt with issues regarding anxiety since the age of 7 explaining the first time she had a panic attack I quote I was at a friend's house and all of a sudden I was absolutely convinced the house was on fire and it was burning down I was just sitting in her bedroom and obviously the house wasn't on fire but there was nothing in me that didn't think we were going to die she even wrote a book in therapy called I am bigger than my anxiety in which he told the Rolling Stone when I quote I wrote this book in therapy called I am than my anxiety that I still have I drew a little green monster on my shoulder that speaks to me in my ear and tells me all these things that aren't true and every time I listen to it it grows bigger if I listen to it enough it crushes me but if I turn my head and keep doing what I'm doing let it speak to me but don't give it the credit it needs then it shrinks down and fades away up next at number 8 Stephen Colbert everyone has their own ways of coping or dealing with anxiety and it seems for Colbert performing is the only thing that helps him escape the vicious cycle that can take a serious toll in one's life telling Rolling Stone I quote creating something is what helped me from spinning apart like an unweighted flywheel and I haven't stopped since he also explained that quote I had a bit of a nervous breakdown after I got married kind of panic attacks my wife would go off to work and she'd come home because I worked that night and I'd be walking around the couch and she's like how was your day and I'd say you're looking at it just tight circles around the couch Colbert credits medication aside from performing as a big reason he's been able to go on to achieve such accomplishments in his career now at 7 Zayn Malik the former frontman of One Direction wrote an article in 2016 with Time magazine depicting his struggles I quote anxiety is nothing to be ashamed of it affects millions of people every day I know I have fans out there who have been through this kind of thing too and I wanted to be honest for their sake if nothing else when I was in one direction my anxiety issues were huge but within the safety net of the band they were at least manageable as a solo performer I felt much more exposed and the psychological stress of performing had just gotten to be too much for me to handle at that moment at least rather than hiding away sugarcoating it I knew I had to put it all out there now we'll say guys it's a scary thing not only come to terms with your own issues but also going public with them however as we continue as a society to collectively show not only is it normal to deal with but it's actually encouraged to speak about your mental health issues I feel more people will start slowly being honest with themselves in the world at number 6 Lady Gaga speaking with Billboard in 2015 about her struggles Gaga whose real name is Stephanie Joanne Angelina grim ánotá which I really hope I said right that's a that's a long name well she said I quote I've suffered through depression and anxiety my entire life I still suffer with it every single day I just want these kids to know that the depth that they feel as human beings is normal we were born that way this modern thing where everyone is feeling shallow and less connected that's not human in 2012 she started the Born This Way Foundation with her mother whose mission statement reads I quote born this way looks forward toward a future that supports the Wellness of young people through an evidence-based approach that is fiercely kind compassionate accepting and inclusive we celebrate the individuality of those we serve and we revere the bravery it takes to reach out and start the conversation together we're building a community that provides approachable resources fosters genuine connection and drives action overall it seems their message is to simply empower those who feel they don't have a voice or at the very least resources for help half way 5 Chris Evans even Captain America suffers from anxiety but as I said before guys it really doesn't discriminate against anyone in an interview Evans talked about how his anxiety started to consume him as he started to audition for bigger projects specifically speaking on actors he mentioned how for every one movie you see them in it's likely that they were rejected dozens of times before and I could attest to that as an actor who didn't book my first gig with an agent until four years after graduating from acting school it definitely takes a toll on your mental health he also explained I quote I get anxiety about certain things and press things like that however he's learned I quote maybe the thing you're most scared of is actually the thing you should do in regards to how he deals with his anxiety he said the phrase Shh has been a big thing for me everyone's brain is noisy and the root of suffering is following that brain noise and listening to that brain noise and identifying with it as if it's who you are now in under 4 Ryan Reynolds another superhero well sorta I guess Deadpool is like a superhero alright by the way Reynolds explained to the New York Times in 2018 while interviewing for Deadpool - a quote I have anxiety I've always had anxiety both in the light-hearted I'm anxious about this kind of thing and I've been to the depths of the darker end of the spectrum which is not fun Reynolds claims his dad being hard on him as a child is likely where'd this root of anxiety stems from I quote he wasn't easy on anyone and he wasn't easy on himself I think the anxiety might have started there trying to find ways to control others by trying to control myself moving on to number 3 Ariana Grande in May of 2017 a bombing would take place at Manchester Arena the night of Ariana's concert following the traumatic incident which killed just under two dozen and injured over a hundred and thirty Arianna admits she's never been the same plugged with PTSD as well as anxiety she British Vogue I quote my anxiety has anxiety no I've always had anxiety I've never really spoken about it because I thought everyone had it but when I got home from tour it was the most severe I think it's ever been she also told Elle magazine I quote when I got home from a tour I had really wild dizzy spells this feeling like I couldn't breathe I would be in a good mood fine and happy and then they would hit me out of nowhere I've always had anxiety but it had never been physical before there were a couple of months straight where I felt so upside down in a number see with Leonardo DiCaprio while doing the rounds for the film Inception Leo got incredibly honest during an interview with Rolling Stone magazine in 2010 I don't know what it is with Rolling Stone and celebrities telling them about anxiety but there seems to be a pattern here regardless Leo explained in the interview I quote it's crazy how your mind will become this database to make you worry about things that are so arbitrary I have a well-organized life and I put a lot of thought into the things that I do and then you know my stomach will be I'll just be sitting there totally anxious about something ridiculous you have to stop yourself during the day and say it's just not worth it couldn't have said it better myself it's just not worth it in a number one Sarah Silverman speaking with Glamour magazine Silverman told them she initially started dealing with depression at age 13 and shortly after anxiety also started to haunt her I quote her saying I went from being the class clown to not being able to see life in that casual way anymore I couldn't deal with being with my friends I didn't go to school for months and I started having panic attacks people use panic attacks very casually out here in Los Angeles but I don't think most of them really know what it is every breath is labored you are dying you are going to die it's terrifying I mean I will say panic attacks can manifest themselves in different ways but there was one point in my life I think was two weeks before my 25th birthday that I had such a severe panic attack my mom literally want to take me to the hospital I couldn't catch my breath I was just so like wound up emotionally hyperventilating bawling my eyes out like I think it's safe to say it's probably the worst I've ever physically felt in my life lasted maybe 45 minutes to an hour which is really abnormally long for panic attacks which normally lasts like a couple minutes ten minutes if that usually at most but when I tell you guys it'll be felt like hours I honestly would not wish this upon my worst enemy it was hands down like the worst feeling I've ever felt in my life and then you guys have it for the top ten celebrities that struggle with anxiety truth be told there are plenty of others I could who'd on this list and really this list in no way credits or takes credit away from anyone who deals with anxiety or any kind of mental health issue I just wanna say like the fact that it was in order of ten nine eight that that's irrelevant guys the fact that I didn't include some people doesn't discredit them as having a lesser amount of anxiety just wanted to clarify that and although guys were heading in a positive direction regarding the negative stigma surrounding mental health there's more work that needs to be done but I'm glad to see that any progress is being made at all anyways guys that's it for this one let us know your thoughts in the comments down below feel free to open up about your mental health struggles if you would like I just really hope everyone's respectful of each other in the comments it is the internet it is YouTube so tell me to say I guess anyways guys in the video the real reason why Francesca and Harry broke up too hot to handle and he said he was immature I didn't like him since the time he lied about the kiss I'll be honest I haven't seen the show so I don't really know who these people are but obviously you guys a lot of you guys wrote that apparently he was immature after the kiss so I guess people don't like him I don't really know Nicolas Adele said she was going to move in a few days and he broke up with her bro moment yeah oh like I don't even know what to say how do you agree to live together and then a few days before just be like hey we got to break up now like something had to have been building up there you know at some point that you were having second thoughts maybe you should have been like hold on before we commit to we've been together I'm just having second thoughts about us I don't know I've never moved in with anybody so been living at home since 94 that's when I was born that's the joke Jane that said people get matching tats of each other's names tatted never work out that's like a rule now if anything yeah I'm all for like you know your body is a canvas and I don't have any tattoos myself but I don't you know if you have tattoos that's great I respect it as long as you're happy the whole name tattoo thing is like I just never really understood it I mean honestly guys well let Joe exotics ex-husband be a prime example of that I think you have like a attack to you right above his like right under his waist that said property of Jo exotics and he had to get that taken care of so I don't know I mean do whatever you guys want I'm not gonna judge anyways I've been your host here Braunstein guys I hope you enjoyed this video we'll see in the next one [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @nariz_721 [1 likes]: two words billie eilish
  2. @charlesomane3759 [1 likes]: i struggle with anxiety too and hits me even when it comes to doing simple stuff but despite that im doing my best to overcome it and be able to have a good life in future
  3. @thomaspearce8271: Thanks for this video. It actually made my anxiety go away.   We’re all on this together
  4. @stebolian: A serouos problem. Thanks for mote stigma mate
  5. @hotdogflavoureddrink: Seriously, why me?
  6. @Nick_bpz: When I got my first panic attack i felt like I was choking and I couldn’t breath and I had a fear that I was going die and My heart was racing and thought I was having a heart attack it was so bad that I went to the ER and I still had it while I was waiting so I started going walking back s and be forth and I even went to the restroom and threw up because I thought I was choking to death and I was crying and then when they called me in they checked my heart and said I was fine and when we were during home I was get nausea then I feel asleep when I went home but then I hit a bong (I don’t at all smoke ) and yeah I got it again but my throat was burning
  7. @ahmadabeedsyakirin3737: People have anxiety is the strong person than normal people
  8. @rr7firefly: With such good looks, why have that scraggly hair behind you? Dude, you owe it to yourself to look your best.
  9. @lifebyalkalebs10kone80kdd: One day, I'm going to be a celebrity so I can be a part of this video.
  10. @worldofwonder2197: i just can say im not gonna be the same person as i was before the whole panic attack thing...it all started when i wanted to try weed...i hate smoke but i just wanted to have fun for couple of times but something bad happend to me the second time i smoked weed
and then one day i just start to panic and it was awful sooo scary and it was related to me experiencing weed...but hey its the life..full of ups and downs...we all will make it through...mybe we wont be the same person as we used to be and thats rly sad :) but we can make it💪🏻❤
  11. @pennygrand2847: The worst part is when you get tired of letting ppl in the know of your anxiety attacks bc the only reaction you get is awwweee. I'm so sorry! Are you crying? - this is just me but that is how I feel. Have a nice day!
  12. @jessicaalvarado8774: I feel like Emma Stone’s quotes or book is right on for me. Exactly how she phrased it, when I don’t pay attention to it I don’t feed it and can overcome it but it is hard sometimes!
  13. @BearKlaw: Not gonna lie; it certainly takes a weight off your shoulder seeing that you're not alone.
  14. @aj2664: Ariana Grande?????
  15. @aj2664: Kristen Stewart *
  16. @nailstv25: Nice video bro
  17. @bunbanoelefant8094: Melanie Martinez hase anxiety too :(
  18. @turro9875: I wish I could meet friendly people with social anxiety so I can have someone to talk to. Whenever I meet someone that is clearly awkward I start feeling comfortable and I’m able to be my real self.
  19. @seeeeeaaaa: Lmao name me somebody who doesn’t claim to have anxiety or depression or ocd, trauma, ptsd, etc 😂😂😂
  20. @vikywadmare9728: I am going through anxiety and depression

- Anxiety and What I Would Tell #MyYoungerSelf | Emma Stone: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Emma. What I would tell kids that are going through anxiety, which I have and can relate to, is that you're so normal, it's crazy. So many people, I mean, to say you're so normal, it's crazy, is a pretty funny thing to say, but, it's so normal. Everyone experiences a version of anxiety or worry in their lives. And maybe we go through it in a different or more intense way for longer periods of time, but it's not, there's nothing wrong with you to be a sensitive person that cares a lot, that takes things in in a deep way, is actually part of what makes you amazing, and it's one of the greatest gifts of life is that you think a lot, and you feel a lot, and you feel deeply, and it's the best. Like, it's not, the tradeoff, I wouldn't trade it for the world, even when it's in, really, you know, when there are really hard times. There are so many tools that you can use to help yourself in those times, and it does get better and easier as life goes on, and you start to get to know yourself more, and what will trigger, trigger certain instances of anxiety, and where you feel comfortable and safe. So, I'm just saying, don't ever feel like you're a weirdo for it, 'cause we're all weirdos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sazzle01 [183 likes]: "You're so normal it's crazy!" thank you Emma for making this so real. It is a gift!!
  2. @LinkZeppeloyd [54 likes]: You gotta love her! Beautiful on the inside and outside ❤️
  3. @patricianguyen7012 [46 likes]: Yes!  Sensitivity is part of what makes sensitive people amazing!!
  4. @marsadams3886 [40 likes]: Thanks so much for this, Emma ❤️ As someone who used to have panic disorder and pretty bad anxiety, it means a lot to see that even celebrities go through this!
  5. @tahirahmed1776 [27 likes]: Really Emma after listening to you my anxiety almost gone......you my favourite actress and i love and care for you a lot........thanx....
  6. @rachelrixon3416 [22 likes]: Thank you Emma this made me feel a lot better!❤️❤️❤️
  7. @lucyliu7679 [21 likes]: thank you so much emma! i always feel like there is something wrong with me for having so many feelings, but i guess that's a gift for us to experience the life deeper. love you so much!
  8. @ASMinor [20 likes]: I am an avid #MentalHealthAwareness advocate and performer, and I love this so much. I travel the country trying to bring that awareness on stages, in classrooms, hospitals, and on my YouTube channel, so I get excited when I see other advocates. 💙❤
  9. @secretkid1239 [15 likes]: This video really helped me. Thanks Emma
  10. @Amymooro [15 likes]: Thanks so much I love Emma.
  11. @sararcroft [11 likes]: I love her 💙
  12. @yuliashtukareva8436 [10 likes]: Thank you, Emma. It helps really a lot!
  13. @julianamolinasilva7418 [7 likes]: I love her
  14. @Ale-ie3fm [7 likes]: you're so right! thank u emma! hugs from switzerland
  15. @stephaniem314 [6 likes]: Thanks Emma ! ❤️
  16. @jadelabonte7593 [6 likes]: Thanks that Made me feel happy
  17. @valeriaanticona8702 [5 likes]: I really needed this
  18. @CMThochieuNguyenvansang [4 likes]: yes
  19. @harishpavant [4 likes]: U are Awesome....Love u!
  20. @bosskvngchainsmt3626 [4 likes]: Thanks god bless

- Anxiety and Depression Humor | Netflix Is A Joke: Kind: captions Language: en-US - I thought I was on an antidepressant. It turns out I'm not. It turns out I'm actually on a mood stabilizer that they use as an antidepressant. Fun fact about prescription drugs, everything they prescribe, they actually use for like four different things. So you don't really know what your deal is until you find a combo that works and then Google all your pills by yourself. (audience laughing) So after years of trial and error I finally found a combination of things that worked for me and six months ago I decided to Google it 'cause what the hell? And it turns out that everything I'm taking is primarily used for bipolar disorder. So I went back to my psychiatrist and I was like, "Hey. Do we think?" And she was like, "Oh yeah." (audience cheering and applauding) And I was like, "Is this how fucking you tell people?" And she's like, "No, of course not, we didn't know. I'm glad we figured it out." And I was like, "We?" I said, "You really didn't know that I was bipolar?" And she goes, "No, of course not. We thought we were treating anxiety and depression." And I said, "Okay 'cause this kind of feels like a putting your dog's medication in cheese situation." And I was like, "I don't know how I feel about this diagnosis." And she goes, "Well, if it makes you feel better you don't have to say, 'I am bipolar,' you can say, 'I have bipolar.'" Which feels a lot like someone going, "I said you were being a bitch." - N***** have anxiety now. You know how white a lady you had to be to get anxiety before? Now I could get it too, thanks Obama. This is an incredible time. I know a n**** who was diagnosed with depression, I'm so proud of him. That's the most privileged disease of all. White people hate when I say that shit. I say depression is a privileged disease because it implies your life is good enough that you shouldn't be sad. That's not something black people could claim for many years, I don't know if you guys are history buffs. Imagine two slaves in a cotton field and one is like, "Hey man, what's wrong? You seem down." - I read all these articles and it's saying people are getting clinically depressed 'cause they're looking at other people's lives on social media and they start to think that their life pales in comparison. Calm down. First of all, no one has a great life. No one, no one. They are posting their best moments with a filter to make you feel shitty. Look at us at the Eiffel Tower. Suck it, guys. Yeah, they don't show 'em for three hours stuck at baggage claim, right? Or sitting in the hotel for five days 'cause the husband's got diarrhea from a French tart he shouldn't have eaten. Yeah, that's happening too, trust me. And if your friend is douchey enough to post 50 pictures of their Hawaiian vacation while they know you're at work, don't get depressed, get even. Start posting pictures of you at their house. Bob just peed in the pool, L-O-L. Sorry about all the people, might wanna change the sheets when you get back. - Yeah, I am someone who has a lot of anxiety and it is weird that anxiety is finally on message. Like if you're an anxious person, it's kind of like, well you know, this is what we trained for. Like this is our Olympics. It's like all those nights awake, like it's showtime. You know? All the scenarios at once. Yeah, I am, I have some anxiety, I also have some depression. I kinda like to do, you know, anxiety for the week, depression on the weekends, like they both have custody. But I recently started a new medication and it's working, but it has a side effect I didn't know about. I get terrible dry mouth, which, you know, perfect for this line of work, but it did make me realize that a lot of medications are kind of like Greek myths. Like you, the mortal, you get what you want, but there's always like a cost you're not being told about. It's always like, oh yeah, you'll be more fun to hang out with. But whenever you try to talk to people, dust will fly outta your mouth. - You know what one of the upsides of COVID might be, I hope, is empathy for mental health stuff, right? Because everybody was isolated and human beings don't do well with isolation. We still got cave brains, right? So we think if we're isolated that the tribe is rejecting us and that, and then we start picking away at ourselves and finding fault that aren't there and basically our mental health declines, right? So I hope in the future that people have empathy when someone else someone says like, "I'm depressed or anxious." They'll go like, "Oh yeah, I remember that." Because for a lot of us, we felt isolated our whole lives. And the other thing I'll say, one of the things I didn't mind about COVID was that we could all just chill a little bit with work. Like we could put the sword down a little bit. If you achieve something during COVID, cool, if not also cool. Like the only people who accomplished anything during COVID to me were Bo Burnham, (audience applauding) Amazon.com, and the 1998 Chicago Bulls somehow. (audience laughing and applauding) They like won again, right? But it was nice to chill out a little bit, but then as soon as the world opened up, I was back comparing myself to other comedians and seeing who was doing whose podcast and who did what venue and how many tickets they sold. And am I too old to be on TikTok? Can a person do lip sync videos and be on cholesterol medication? - (laughs) No, I'm all right. I got a therapist recently. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You have to guys, you do, like... Well like, if you're gonna complain as much as I complain, unfortunately you do have to get one, like, yeah. I feel like my friends were starting to be like, "You should pay someone to do what you expect of us." I was like, "Oh, okay." I found this therapist and he's really smart and we Zoom and he said something interesting where he said, "Remember, you are not the feeling like, sure, you feel consumed by the feeling, but you are not the feeling." And he said, "Within you, and within everyone there's like a very still neutral, eternal self and, you know, you experience the feelings, but you're you're not consumed by them." And he said, "Rather than identifying so much with the feel, like I'm anxious, I'm this," he said, "Don't be consumed by the feeling. Just observe the feelings as they come with curiosity." Have you heard that before? Apparently, that's the, so I think you're just supposed to be like, "Huh." I'm experiencing rage. How curious. - This is the thing, I have very bad anxiety and so like loud voices make me crazy and I was at a store the other day and these two girls were having a conversation and I could not believe what it sounded like. This is literally what is sounded like. They were like, "Oh my God, Chelsea, you're not gonna believe it, but like, I was on Instagram the other day and I posted the most amazing video because I go into Sephora and I got my makeup done and it was like unbelievable because I looked so good and like nobody commented and nobody did anything. And I couldn't believe it because I looked so amazing. Like, everyone's upset about the war, but like the war and like the isn't happening here, so like, who cares about the war? I don't care war." (Speaking gibberish) And the other girl's like, "Oh my God you shoulda called me or texted me, I'm your best friend, like, how." So I killed them, I fucking killed them. I know. I did. (audience cheering) I killed them. Because I don't think you realize this, but these girls aren't going anywhere. That's who's gonna be in our country, like they're staying here, they're gonna have jobs. Like your kids are gonna go to school and go walk into math class. "Oh my god, girls, welcome math class. This gonna be so exciting." "Algebra, it's gonna be amazing." Like you're gonna go to a therapist that talks like that. You're gonna walk in and be like, "Hi, I am just really anxious." "Oh my God, you're anxious, that's so horrible. I haven't been feeling well at all. I haven't even been able to swallow. Oh my God, I met the cutest guy the other day and I swallowed his load. I was like, 'oh,' I swallowed this load and it's been really hard for me too." - Well, in addition to the OCD I also have a little social anxiety but I force myself to go to parties and stuff, but there are things people do that bug me. I don't like when somebody pronounces a word differently than everybody else to try to sound smart. Just say it like everybody else. I'm at this party, I walk into this group of strangers. First thing I hear this guy goes, "Another thing about 'Jengus' Khan." I'm like, "Oh geez." I already don't like this guy. I go, "Oh, Genghis Khan?" "It was actually pronounced 'Jengus'." Oh, oh, oh. I'm guessing you were there at the time? You and the Jeng-man pallin' around town. So I wanted to sound smart. So I was like, "Oh, 'Jengus' Khan, the Mongolian emperor. Wasn't he the concurer of Chena? Well, I felt this little circle tighten on me. I've done just been ostracized. Walk up to this second group and I don't know what to do when somebody says something I don't agree with. I don't know what I'm supposed to do as a person, I've always grappled with that. I walk up, this woman says, "Animals are smarter than people." I'm like, "Oh, geez." I just got here. - I was actually having a panic attack when I proposed. Why not? What a time to be alive. But Jenna said this thing that she always says to me when I'm having a bit of a meltdown, right? She said, "Don't panic." Which on its own's bullshit, don't say that. If you see someone having a panic attack, don't go, "You're panicking? Have you tried not?" Like, that's bullshit. But it's what Jenna says next that brings it home. She says, "Don't panic, who do you wanna be?" And my brain hears that and it's like, oh, because in my brain when I'm having a panic attack, I'm going, "What do I do? What do I do? What should I do? What am I supposed to do? What's the right thing to do? What do I do? What do I do? What do I do?" And she said, "Stop. Who. Who do you want to be?" And my brain hears that and just goes, "Oh, a game. I love games, panic's over." I am that simple. - When I got money, I went to therapy. Woo, I found out I had anxiety and depression. (laughs) (everyone laughing) All my life I just thought I was poor. Oh, like, of course I'm sad, I'm fucking hungry, no. You're depressed. The doctor gave me medicine and now I'm happy all the time. I love telling people I'm depressed, you know why? 'Cause that's a rich word. You have to spend a lot of money to find out you're depressed. Some people like struggle with depression. I thrive in it. I tell everybody, "Aha, I'm depressed, mm." My family thinks I show off. I'm depressed. Ay, mira, show off, okay. Oh, I can afford therapy. - I meet so many people, okay? I meet way more people than you. It's not even close, so here's the thing, people usually say nice things to me, you know, they're like, "Oh, thanks for coming. I had a good time." Conversations naturally will turn and I'll ask somebody, "Oh, what do you do?" Do you know what I hear like 98% of the time? They'll be like, it fucking sucks, I hate it. And then I go, "Oh, why don't you do something else?" And they'll go, "It's too late, my life's fucked, It's good to meet you man," and they walk away. Yeah, that sits in my head. So I think about it, but I have advice and this is the advice that I hope you leave with, all right? This is it, you just need to learn to do one thing really well and it's this. You'll need to learn to manage your expectations. It's not an innate thing you're born with. It's a skill. If you work at it, you'll get good at it. And the more you manage your expectations, you'll feel more fulfilled, less depressed, happier overall. I'll share with you my life's greatest disappointment, which in retrospect is my fault, I didn't know it at the time, I do now. And I'm gonna tell you it's gonna be upsetting to some people, but hopefully we can use it as a learning tool. So here's what it is, all right? (sighs) I think that 69ing is overrated and it sucks. Yeah, yeah, you see that? Some people clap and some people are like, arrest this man. But listen, the story of why is more important. Do you remember when you first heard about it? I do. I was in third grade and that's too young, all right? One of the older kids told me, and I was like, "What? At the same time?" I almost had a seizure, I didn't know what he was saying. I didn't even have references so I could pretend like I understood. I was like, "That's like eating a cheeseburger covered in ice cream while you're taking a shit." And he was like, "That's exactly what it's like." From that day on, I was hooked. When I tell you I was obsessed, I was obsessed. I'm not saying it for a story. It is all I talked about, thought about, dreamt about, sung about, joked about, 69, 69, 69, 69. Every notebook in school, I was like 69, 69, 69, 69. Every sports team I was on, I was like, "I'm number 69!" And they're like, "This is fifth grade basketball. Why don't you chill out, buddy?" Every birthday, every Christmas, my dad would go, "What do you want?" I go, "I want to 69." He goes, "Shut up and stop saying that." And I was like, "No," defiant, "No!" 69, 69, it's gonna be the best. Be the best, be the best, be the best, be the best. 69, it's gonna be like smoking meth outta God's dick, I wanna do it, I wanna do it, I wanna do it. And I built it up and I built it up and I built it up. And when I finally got to do it, I finally got to do it. You know what the first thing I said was, "Get off me, all right?" (smooth pop music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @mygoldenretriever14 [276 likes]: idk if anyone else experiences this but I can literally feel fine one second and then my body just switches into anxiety mode out of nowhere. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it actually sounds like it explains why that happens
  2. @JohnCastleSmokeless: Be an Xer. Watch Millennials loonybrag.

Thanks. Motherfuckers. We could have gone full fucking Manson and nobody would've cared as long as we didn't stack the bodies in front of the TV and make it hard for our parents to watch Unsolved Mysteries.

We could have been on the fucking episode, our parents were like, "Wow, what a fucked up kid, if what's-his-name ends up like that I'm kickin' his ass."
  3. @shshhdhdjs: Literally keeps happening again and again I just want to leave
  4. @Youreherenow: Tom segura used to be funny before he got married. Idkw
  5. @amygradybsw: Hilarious ❤ shared again everywhere 😂
  6. @owainlewis7133: I’ve always felt like my body is overreacting to things that aren’t even dangerous, and it’s exhausting trying to control it. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the way it explains the “alarm” thing actually made sense to me
  7. @Jeevika-Vasanta8921: I’ve always felt like my body is overreacting to things that aren’t even dangerous, and it’s exhausting trying to control it. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the way it explains the “alarm” thing actually made sense to me
  8. @Cortes_do_MrBeas_t: idk if anyone else experiences this but I can literally feel fine one second and then my body just switches into anxiety mode out of nowhere. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it actually sounds like it explains why that happens
  9. @Yashawini-Daya5153: idk if anyone else experiences this but I can literally feel fine one second and then my body just switches into anxiety mode out of nowhere. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it actually sounds like it explains why that happens
  10. @Shabana-Aghanashini887: the most frustrating thing for me is when I feel anxious without any reason at all, like nothing triggered it. I’ve been seeing “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the idea that your system is just stuck actually explains that better than anything else
  11. @claudethelucifer: I feel like I’ve tried every “fix your mindset” tip and none of it really changed how my body reacts. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it seems like it’s not even about forcing anything, which is interesting
  12. @pardipsaran10: the most frustrating thing for me is when I feel anxious without any reason at all, like nothing triggered it. I’ve been seeing “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the idea that your system is just stuck actually explains that better than anything else
  13. @Gool-Preeti452: I feel like I’ve tried every “fix your mindset” tip and none of it really changed how my body reacts. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it seems like it’s not even about forcing anything, which is interesting
  14. @AbdulSalam-xz6bq: I don’t even know how to explain it properly but my anxiety feels like it lives in my body more than in my thoughts. that’s why “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” stood out to me, because it sounds like it talks about that side more
  15. @ImperialBeastz666: I don’t even know how to explain it properly but my anxiety feels like it lives in my body more than in my thoughts. that’s why “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” stood out to me, because it sounds like it talks about that side more
  16. @Jasodhara-Amulya1229: I’ve noticed that even when I’m completely calm mentally, my body still feels tense for no reason and I never understood why. I came across “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and it seems like it actually explains that disconnect in a way that makes sense
  17. @Ruma-Baidehi80913: this might sound random but I’ve always felt like my anxiety isn’t even about what I’m thinking… it’s like my body reacts first and then my mind tries to catch up. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the way it explains that actually made me pause for a second
  18. @Prarthana-Indumukhi9602: this might sound random but I’ve always felt like my anxiety isn’t even about what I’m thinking… it’s like my body reacts first and then my mind tries to catch up. I saw “When Anxiety Loses Interest by Teya Dray” and the way it explains that actually made me pause for a second
  19. @TheRealDragonSwan: You have ASD and ADHD. 0:01 
I looked at this whole thing and wtf? 
Sometimes things suck-. 
Bipolar truly affects about 1% of the population.
  20. @TheRealDragonSwan: Most of this sounds like ASD or ASD and ADHD.

- Simone Biles opens up on taking anti-anxiety medication: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] I'm here now with Olympic mega star Simone Biles. At just 21 years old, she's been called one of the greatest gymnasts of all time. She won four gold medals at her first Olympic Games in Rio, and she recently became the first female gymnast to win four world championships. Now, she's a cover star. She's landed the coveted spot on ESPN the magazine's Blockbuster year end issue. We're going to reveal it now for the very first time. Can I get a drum roll from the audience? Let's look at it right here. Come on. There it is. Man, you know how to strike a pose. Thank you. Okay. These are the most dominant athletes of 2018. The 20 most dominant and you're number one. What was your reaction when you were when it was revealed to you that you're the top five? I honestly didn't believe it. Like it didn't occur to me and I I didn't think it was real. I was like, "Oh, am I 20th or in my top five?" And they're like, "No, you're number one." And I was like, "You're joking." It looks like the photo shoot was a lot of fun, too. Oh, it was so much fun. So much fun. Yeah. You're You're just a natural. You're just so shy, too. I can't believe this about you because when we see you in competition, you seem so fearless. I mean, I know we're going to, you know, we're looking ahead to 2019, but for a moment, can we look back? What is most memorable to you about the year? I feel like there were a lot of points in this year that made me who I am today and I feel stronger, but I feel like um this year gave me a voice um and I try to find my voice this year and use that to the better potential um in positive manner. So um it was a very good year. It was a great year and we appreciate and you you talk about using your voice. You and the other brave women who stood up to what was happening to you and the way that you handled it with such grace, with such strength. Uh how were you able to process it all? Yeah. Um it's definitely not easy. I mean, I have my ups and downs. Uh, I still go to therapy and I'm on anxiety medicine now because I had a lot of ups and downs throughout the year and trying to figure out what was wrong and so I go to therapy uh pretty regularly and it's it's not easy but the people surrounding me are some of the best. So it makes it a little easier. Wonderful for you to admit that. You know people don't do that enough. They don't you know that was very traumatic what you went through in the other. So bless you. Bless you for taking care of you like you're doing and I mean Okay. You know how I just mentioned about the world games, you know, the world's, you know, she won four. Uh, she was battling some kidney stones at the time. I mean, come on. What was going Well, how did you do that? Um, it was pretty hard. So, I had back pain for a couple of weeks a little bit uh leading up to world championships. And one day, my parents finally flew in to Qar and I was like, "Mom, I I can't walk. I think I need to go to the hospital." And she's like, "Okay, that's strange because you never really complain or anything." And she's like, "Well, let's take you to the hospital. Go eat dinner and then we'll go." And I was like, "No, I don't want to go to the hospital." And I ended up going and laying in the bed there. And then we did some tests and some ultrasounds and all these things and found out I had kidney stones and uh it was too big to pass, thank God. Um Okay. Yeah. Because I didn't want to pass it while we were there. So, we're hoping that Yes. till we got back to the States and we did. And I got I got in went to see the doctor and uh we're not sure if I still have calcium buildup or calcium spurs or whatnot. So, how you feeling? You feeling okay? Yeah, I feel pretty good. I was supposed to go to the doctor yesterday, but I'm here. So, uh I postponed. Yeah. Okay. Don't get your mom mad at me. Don't get your mom mad at me. Well, congratulations. You are a shining example of setting goals and going forward and handling it with again with such grace. you and your teammates and we'll look for you in 2020 in Tokyo. I know you're excited. Hey, the dominant 20 issue of ESPN in the magazine hits new stands this Friday. Look, the jumbotron. Well, hey there GMA fans. Robin Roberts here. Thanks for checking out our YouTube channel. Lots of great stuff here. So go on, click the subscribe button right over right over here to get more of awesome videos and content from GMA every day, anytime. We thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA.

  Top Comments:
  1. @thestar8404 [7 likes]: It's always nice to hear one of the best talk about having anxiety, makes me feel less alone.
  2. @HiddenAgendas [3 likes]: She is a fucking cheater. No other athletes can take the banned drug during competition.  Black privilege for you!
  3. @alexkama4834 [3 likes]: Big question if she deserves all her medals? It’s not fair to other Athlete’s. Any enhancement is an enhancement!
  4. @pixotass [2 likes]: Call it for the correct name! Amphetamines!
  5. @OreElect1 [2 likes]: All antidepressants are neurotoxins. Antidepressants do not cure anything. They all have hundreds of side effects and the side effects can pop up at anytime. Some of the side effects can be permanent and last long after the antidepressant is stopped like Tardive Dyskinesia, tinnitus, akathisia and sexual side effects. Antidepressants actually increase the risk of suicide in people of all ages (not just young adults), they are linked to worst long term outcomes compared to those who do not take antidepressants for their anxiety and depression. The chemical imbalance theory is not true but rather a marketing ploy by big pharma. Antidepressants also all need to be slowly tapered and can cause debilitating withdrawal symptoms that can lasts for years in some cases if someone doesn't taper safely. The issue would be to try to find the root cause of your symptoms. If not caused by trauma then anxiety and depression are thought to be symptoms of something physically going on in the body. It could be nutritional deficiencies or allergies, hormonal imbalances such as Thyroid disease or vitamin D or other vitamin deficiencies, heavy metal or chemical toxins, Lyme disease, genetic defects such as the MTHFR gene variations, histamine intolerance, previous medication toxicity, bad gut health, brain trauma, systemic inflammation and oxidative stress, unbalanced blood sugar levels and more.


If you can find a functional or integrative doctor then they can do the testing to find the root cause of your symptoms. Antidepressants only mask symptoms and damage a person's health while they do not realize it. Any part of the brain and body can be affected so many doctors do not tie health problems with the antidepressant.


If you have a mental health issue, don't go see a psychiatrist. It is too dangerous and might turn out to be the biggest error in your life.

Psychiatry’s harms extend far beyond those people it ‘treats’ — they are undermining our society’s entire foundation.
  6. @madterps [1 likes]: American athlete doping, not surprised at all.
  7. @iCeleste7 [1 likes]: Her smile is blinding in the best way.
  8. @bryontharp5790 [1 likes]: Takin that X  sucks
  9. @dustyjeffers5716: Imagine if Michael Jordan or LeBron James or Derek Jeter or Tom Brady or Wayne Gretzky or any one of the greatest althethes in their sports just decided to quit due to anxiety.  They would be RIDICULED and yet we just say it's okay because she's a woman?  I thought you all wanted equality.  This is ridiculous.  That she is treated like she's Given a pass simply because something bad happened to her.  NO ONE would allow any one of the greats I mentioned to get a pass.  So why does she?!?!  Straight up sexism yall.
  10. @shannonhall6082: I love her because its so many people think its something to be ashame of by taking medication for depression 🙏
  11. @waynebottomley5333: I love her laugh. Amazing athlete, amazing woman, amazing human.
  12. @troyingram716: If you try to use anti - anxiety medication to stop gun violence the homicide rate in a big city will increase to 4,000 people per year.
  13. @mobarokok5872: Bangladesh Bangladesh train Bangladesh train
  14. @wivesbyscripture: Beautiful interview
  15. @lrnavmag22: Hope they paid you for going to their show.   :?
  16. @lrnavmag22: Dont let exploit you w personal info.
  17. @albertojaa8551: Simone Is just STUNNING 👑 #goat
  18. @shadianaigoma1620: So beautiful
  19. @audreyheart2180: Psalm 118:17 
I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the LORD.

1 Pet. 1:17
If you address as Father the One who impartially judges according to each one’s work, conduct yourselves in fear during the time of your stay on earth.

Luke 9:48
Jesus said, "Whoever welcomes this little child in my name welcomes me; and whoever welcomes me welcomes the one who sent me. For it is the one who is least among you all who is the greatest."

Jeremiah 17:14
O Lord, if you heal me, I will be truly healed; if you save me, I will be truly saved. My praises are for you alone! 

Jeremiah 32:35
And they built the high places of Baal which are in the Valley of the Son of Hinnom, to cause their sons and their daughters to pass through the fire to Molech, which I did not command them, nor did it come into My mind that they should do this abomination, to cause Judah to sin.’
  20. @jennysantiago2624: God blessed her!

- Selena Gomez opens up about battle with bipolar disorder | Nightline: Kind: captions Language: en this dancer was killing me softly Selena Gomez actress philanthropist and pop star with chart-topping hits like lose you to love me [Music] at just 13 the Texan landed a breakout rule on the Disney Channel's Wizards of Waverly Place I have to say this though now 30 she's starring with Legends Steve Martin and Martin Short we have two options I slap you across the face or we just skip to the part where you say thanks kid that was tough to hear uh not the slapping one on Hulu's hit comedy only murders in the building despite her rise to Fame and Fortune Selena had a secret Selena Gomez depression and anxiety no one cares about what you're doing it's about who I am being okay with where I am I am grateful to be alive Alec kashishin who directed Madonna's revealing film Truth or Dare now partnering with Selena in the new Apple TV plus documentary Selena Gomez my mind and me my mind shot over six turbulent years but what good is having a song if I was too scared to sing it including a stay in a mental hospital when I first got out I didn't know how I'd cope with my diagnosis what if it happened again what if the next time I didn't come back her inner turmoil laid bare she's the first to admit you know she's broken what do you think motivated her to reveal all of this I still think she feels discomfort about the level of vulnerability that she's given and and exposing all these parts of her but that is transcended by her I think deep desire to try to make a difference in someone else's life she talks about that in the film where she says sometimes I don't want to be famous I don't want any of this stuff but I know if I'm here I have to use it for good I spoke to Selena and her mother earlier this year after bravely sharing Her diagnosis of bipolar disorder I just found that it was really freeing to have the information it made me really happy because I started to have a relationship with myself and I think that's the best part you say you now live with bipolar and you don't suffer from it as much anymore how did you go about learning how to live with bipolar as opposed to suffering from it well I do the necessary things you know I I see a therapist I have tons of workbooks like a nerd I write music I I I try to take what's going on and turn it into something beautiful the in the best way that I can she'd launched the multimedia company wondermind along with her mother Mandy teffy and business partner Daniella Pearson its mission to destigmatize mental health crises I love the rare reminders that I've read about with your sticky notes it could be quotes it can be something that I need to validate my feelings with maybe something along the lines of like today you are enough I'll put it visually somewhere and I'll keep it there until that's like in my mind how do I learn how to breathe my own Breath Again filming from my mind and me had to be stopped when Selena was hospitalized in 2018 following a nervous breakdown take us to what brought you back to filming after she came out of the facility I suddenly realized wait a second there's a really fascinating story because she is just out and in recovery herself and the fact that she's still very much the patient I needed to keep learning about it I needed to take it day by day in this exclusive clip given to ABC Selena dealing with severe anxiety triggered by a flare-up of Lupus before her performance at the American Music Awards I hadn't been on stage in over two years and I still didn't know if I was ready but what good is having a song if I was too scared to sing it she's always had issues performing and performing live her anxiety really flares up then and that voice comes back that says you suck but it's all connected the anxiety the lupus the live performance eyes being on her you said um she's Brave there's a fragility to her but she can also soar um and she has that ability to really in moments surprise you by her power to kind of soar [Applause] hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our Channel and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @TeaTreeTerrific [2 likes]: Notice the feeling.
Allow it to be here.
Ask: could I let it soften just a little?

If yes, let it. 

If no, allow the no.

Exhale slowly.

Rest.
  2. @elishabear4107 [1 likes]: Why does she always stage herself so much? other people in the world do have the exact same problems, but she has to put herself always in the center
  3. @haklsn4310: i hate her
  4. @SoCalBritt: U mean possession?
  5. @LisaWilson-sn3tl: Ahhhh! Bipolar is so difficult! High and low!
  6. @dovesflynorthmedia: I get it….
  7. @zuzuzu46: I Wish Selena all the best and IT might have been the best move for her, for women that are Not among the best earning Most famous people ww opening Up about deseases, If you have them or worse If Not is likely Not the best Idea Out thete, the difference Matters, mind the gap.
  8. @MeritJemima: I LOVE IT!!
  9. @golubeva_mari: ✨🙏🏻
  10. @writereader: When you have your worst enemy with you at all times - bipolar
  11. @SummerJones-j1f: ❤❤❤❤❤❤
  12. @Pescasaurus: And lupus? Wow!
  13. @zebrawarrior89: I was diagnosed before people had the internet. Not being able to read about it or hear from others with it was terrifying. Doctors didn't truly understand even as much as they do today. I was in the dark and only had little pieces of advice and knowledge from the short visits with my doctor. I was his guinea pig and took ALL the meds at some point, some with devastating side effects and really no one to turn to. My family did not understand mental illness even though it was prominent on both sides; they simply called me demonic. 
I'm very thankful for more awareness and people like Selena who use their platform to promote wellness and self care. Thank God for advocates who stand in the gap for newcomers to this illness. I cannot say that it ever goes away but as you age you start to see your world through a different lens. God bless everyone struggling out there. You're not alone ❤
  14. @Enterprising_Chronical: I have bi polar but never been hospitalized even tho sometimes I feel I need to but can’t afford to be hospitalized
  15. @KimWard-v3u: B.S 😆 🤣 😂 😹
  16. @LoveMiela69: dosent look any bipolar to me..i always know she is calm girl
  17. @josephhuang1163: so even rich people suffer from mental illness?
  18. @Richard-t5h8i: She should Partner with Demi & Make A Movie about BI/Polar Disorder. Most American Citizens don't have a clue about the American Disorder. You can Die from BI/Polar. This is from the Depression side. Their are a lot of side effects of depression. You have to understand side effects before you diagnose someone with BI/Polar.
  19. @1988Earthvisitor: Wishing the best for this cutiieeeeeee❤
  20. @NailahShaikh-r4v: You are the best person I have ever seen in this world.

- TOM HOLLAND: How Tom Overcame Social Anxiety- The Mindset That Changed Everything!: Kind: captions Language: en I just felt like I was so addicted to this kind of false version of my life that it was just taking over and the thing that really upset me is the Press ran with that they were saying oh look he's not the perfect happy go-lucky kid you think he is he's having a nervous breakdown in New York if I was having a mental breakdown that's not for you to report on they took the story in the wrong direction and they kind of painted people looking for help in the wrong light the bestselling author and host the number one Health and Wellness podcast on purpose with j shett a lot of studies show that how we were loved or unloved between the ages of 0 to five impact the next 15 25 50 years of our life Wow and how we give love to ourselves and how we give love to others and so I was thinking do you have a core memory or an experience with your family from childhood that kind of embodies the feeling you have about them now or that keeps you tied close to them I'd say sort of More Than A Memory is just a feeling that we I could say all of my brothers and I had was that because our dad's a comedian his job only ever existed once we had gone to bed and our mom worked from home she was a photographer so to us as kids our parents didn't really work they just were always home so we had this amazing Foundation where no matter any time of the day either mom or dad would be at the house and we felt so kind of solid as a family which is why like I kind of have this dream of one day having kids and putting my work to bed and just kind of being there as a dad cuz I really admire how my dad was around you know being a comedian is a very very volatile job the the highs and lows are so extreme and as kids we never saw that the only version of my dad I ever saw was the happy Dad let's go to the park we used to play this game called golf goals where we would go down to the park there's like this big blue metal goal and we would just fire golf balls into that go every day and he would give us 10 P every time a ball went in the goal and that was kind of the foundation of our Golf and and all that sort of stuff so for me broader than a core memory was the idea of always feeling connected and safe within my family unit and I think a large portion of that is that my mom and dad have always been such a solid team and they've always been there for us yeah wow have they as you've grown older have they kind of opened up about some of the challenges that they were going through that they obviously didn't show you and your family when you were kids because I can imagine we always talk about this right like being a comedian is extremely difficult because you're making everyone else laugh at the same time it's it's a career path that like you said is completely volatile sure have have they opened up as time's gone on and how has that felt when you've gone from like seeing your parents always being happy to being like Oh wait there was all this other stuff going on absolutely they have and and it's not even sometimes thing that they've told us it's just things that we've grown up to recognize as a young kid you know you're not looking to how's my mom feeling how's my dad feeling and now as an as an older person you know those are things I care about I want to call my mom cuz I know it will brighten her day so that's all part of growing up I guess so seeing the way in which my dad's job affects him or my dad's job affects my mom is something we've all sort of come to terms with and he's amazing at it I mean to be honest I say effect it doesn't really affect anyone he's so good at handling it and which is a lot of why I feel like I am the way I am am for example the crowded rooms come out the critics absolutely hated it they thought it was the worst thing they've ever seen and it doesn't really upset me and I think a large part of my feeling towards that has come from my dad being able to do a gig the gig not going well him brushing it off his shoulder and just right onto the next one yeah well and and first of all I want to point that out as well so I've been watching the crowded room right and me and my wife been watching it together and we are actually really enjoying it we're actually loving it because I love a show that has that's trying to like get me to figure it out and get me to think about I'm kind of confused and I love like that like I'm a massive Christopher Nolan fan all my favorite movies are Nolan movies and the reason why I love them is cuz I have no idea what's going on and that's you got to figure it out and you got to figure it out and I love puzzles and I love escape rooms and I love anything escape room yeah I love anything that's got me thinking what is going on here and why can't I figure it out mate do you know what you should watch I I admittedly watch it to go to sleep if I'm ever feeling stressed or like over stimulated I watch this guy called Chris Ramsey he's like a YouTube guy he's a magician but I just watch him solve puzzles he like buys these Japanese like handcrafted puzzle boxes and he just solves them and I've started buying them and they come to the house and you sit down for 4 hours put it down pick it up and try and solve this puzzle and it's amazing have you are you good at them no I'm terrible at them I'm absolutely terrible I've had an unsolved Rubik's Cube since I was at 11 but I um but yeah so I watch his videos cuz there's just something about like the sound of the wood I'm a carpenter so I love like craftsmanship and that sort of stuff so I love the way that these pieces are put together so watching him solve the puzzles I find so relaxing yeah I think for so many of us you know getting bad reviews perceptions people talking about us whatever that maybe whatever scale we live at can actually affect us and you saying that actually seeing dad letting him seeing him shrug it off and seeing him move on actually really helped him do you think that you've been able to create a bit more of a skill around that now or is it something that happens naturally for you because I'm I'm guessing that there's a lot of people who are listening and watching going Tom that's pretty amazing that you can do that at your scale and your level but you know I'm still affected by that or I really struggle when my mate says something like I know the number one thing I hear is like most people don't chase their dreams because they're scared of what their mates will say let alone what the world yeah I had this I was I was flying back last night as I was telling you so I was on a plane from DC to London last night and the air hostess she was wonderful and then was Janette she said to me she was like Jay I really want to start a YouTube channel but you know you just got to block out what your friends are GNA say right and she was just worried about so that it's a very real thing so I guess have you kind of figured out a little formula for it or is it just natural because you saw your dad and it's become easier that way I think it's a little bit of both really you know I think it's something you definitely get better at I'm really lucky that I have an incredibly strong group of friends like one of my best mates just called me up earlier to say he'd seen the fifth episode and it's like I know what happens in the show and I'm Still Loving It the people I'm watching it with have no idea what's going on but they can't wait for the next one yeah so you know I really really hold High the opinions of people that I really care about I'm also really lucky to have an amazing group of fans who are so supportive they are die hard they are there day one and that makes feel really good but I I do think a lot of my lessons in life have come from my dad and the ways that he can deal with things things that he hasn't done very well in the past that he's passed on to me and I sort of I live by this really I don't actually know if Christian Bale did say this but I I love Christian abely say he said it yeah but I think the quote is if you have a problem with me text me and if you don't have my number you don't know me well enough to have a problem with me that is so good and I think that that is such a great piece of advice because as a celebrity you live on this stage you live out there you kind of give out a version of yourself that you want people to see and that can be the version of yourself that they can have a problem with or they can love and there is a you know I feel like I'm quite authentic in my public persona but I just try to really care about what my family thinks what my friends think what the people in my local Community thing I live in Kingston I know everyone that lives there I can't walk 5 feet without bumping into one of my mom's friends so yeah so it's something I've been working on I try my best to not let that stuff affect me it does yeah of course I'm not cold-hearted or anything like that it does affect me but I just try to to move on and focus on the positives yeah absolutely absolutely what what was uh did you ever see your dad deal with everything and you thought wow that was incredible like was there anything specific that you remember that like seeing him like tackle something and you thought wow that really impressed me even if it was something really small in hindsight I think the thing I admire most about my dad is his resilience you know he's someone who has had an incredibly successful career in his earlier life and then later in life his career sort of plateaued and he struggled and he's never stopped he's never given up he's still gigging to this day he's still writing books he has a patron he has a podcast he's constantly grafting to get to where he wants to be and I think being a young kid and seeing your dad continually working as hard as he can to kind of put his best foot forward for me has been a huge drive for my work ethic I'll give it 100% or I'll give it nothing and I think a lot of that has come from my dad and seeing him deal with that the funny thing about my dad as he talk about doing a bad gig I must have seen him 20 times I've never seen him do a bad gig he always seems to absolutely rip it um but maybe that's just cuz we're in the audience but he um but no I I I owe a lot to my dad and a lot of teachings are things he's told me and things I've just witnessed him do yeah and was there ever a piece of feedback or a rumor or something you saw that did affect you where you actually thought well or at least made you stop and go God I'm trying to see the positives but this one's tough like like this actually made me have to pause and figure it out something that did really upset me I was in New York I was shooting the crowded crowded room and I was having a really hard time with the job just because of how taxing it was the emotional capacity that I was having to get to every day and I decided to delete my Instagram because I just felt like I was so addicted to this kind of false version of my life that it was just taking over I would be on set working I'd come and sit in my chair and just scroll scroll scroll scroll scroll and it was it was becoming a problem I was just obsessed with it and I was obsessed to find out what people were saying and how people what they thought about me so I decided to make an announcement which unfortunately we have to do and say that I'm taking a break from social media and I and I try to position myself and say like I'm taking a break from social media because I feel like my mental health will benefit from it and the ran with that and they tried to make out that I was having this mental breakdown and what upset me was if I was having a report on they they they took the story in the wrong direction and they Tred they painted again this negative on Mental Health rather than saying oh he's doing it it's okay that he's doing it so we should all feel okay to do it too they were saying oh look he's not the perfect happy go-lucky kid you think he is he's having a nervous breakdown in New York and I think that that was a really unfair line of Journalism let's say because I just think it again kind of painted light if you know what I mean yeah yeah absolutely absolutely it almost sounds like you were actually preemptively going I'm doing this so that I don't go in that direction totally at least I'm not trying to put words in your mouth but absolutely it's almost like I'm proactively seeing that I could end up in a position where sure I might have a breakdown I don't want to be in that position and so I'm responsibly saying guys I'm taking a break in order to protect myself 100% yeah which makes a lot of sense and actually is quite admirable again totally and that's kind of what the message of the show is about like the the message of our show is that asking for help should be something that we celebrate if you're struggling if you need help if you feel bad and you wake up and and you go to a friend a therapist a teacher an employee or a colleague and say I'm really struggling I need some help that should be something that we give you a pat on the back like I would love to help you that I'm I'm delighted that you asked me and that for me that announcement was kind of my Olive Branch and the Press ran with it how they ran with it but to be fair it kind of gave me a great drive to finish the crowded room in the way that we did to like if you're not going to listen to my personal message then you have to listen to the message of my show yeah so it kind of went hand in hand yeah yeah absolutely you you've reminded me actually when when you said that because I think we naturally today think of therapists or or doctors but you you mentioned teacher there and I was thinking when I was going through a really rough time at school once I remember my walk to school from the bus stop I'd see a teacher every day that was really close with that school but you never talk to teachers walk School crazy but I was so lonely at the time that I remember like almost thinking like well he's the only person I can talk to because of other stuff that I was going through at school and I remember I started talking to him on the way to school his name is Mr bucker he knows I go on about him everywhere and he avoids it because everyone's always like oh Jay's been talking about you J been talking about you and but it was it was that exact feeling where it was like he was someone that I felt I could open to that open up to at that point in my life without feeling judged without feeling like he was going to see me through another lens and just having that space to be seen for as a human who is going through stufft by a teacher was a huge huge win and so you know it's you are right that that help can come in all different forms and it does it doesn't have to come in the ways that we expected to come in yeah it doesn't have to be a professional yeah I go to my friends a lot and and you know some friends are better than others in certain situations I got some friends that are very much like pull your socks up and get on with it and then other friends who are like come here and have a cry on my shoulder but like it it varies so I just really hope that that's what the show can do is is sort of paint this positive picture of asking for help is something to be proud of well that's a great message and and I think we we all need to hear it and I want to go back a little bit because there's a lot of interviews that you've done and and I've watched a lot of stuff over the time but like we're talking about a lot of it sound bites because it's quick and short and like these entertainment you know interviews and that's why I was really grateful that you took out the time to do this but you were diagnosed as far as I read with dyslexia age seven yes and I was wondering how you know a lot of our community and our audience is diagnosed as well or some of them are not but they're finding out later on in life how did that affect you or how were you set up for success with that from because as an actor you've got to learn lines you got to read lines there's a lot of activities that people would assume are quite challenging sure but you found a way and and walk us through that a little bit I don't know I had my mom has always been really Hands-On with our education MH she you know really wanted us to just do our best our dad always said like look I don't don't care what grades you get as long as you try your best you try your best and that's all that we can ask for but yeah my dyslexia it's really just my spelling I mean honestly it's just that yeah you know like those sort of games that you play at Christmas have you ever played um the one you have to write down the answers that it's it's such a good game is it boulder dash I don't know boulder dash is it uh it's basically a game where someone will read out a scenario or um ask a question and then you have to answer the question to the best of your ability but you can also Bluff and lie oh I've never played this game and if you write somewhat a believing answer and people vote for your answer you win oh cool okay I've never played it which is great but when I play it everyone's like what does that say that is definitely not spelled right um but yeah so my spelling was really the biggest hurdle um I worked really hard at school I didn't do particularly well but again my parents said as long as you try your best then that's all we can ask for yeah and acting you started early too age nine right like that was something that you started P pursuing really early on in life and I feel was that something that you were always sure about there's that there's that famous viral Tik Tok that always goes around of you you know I can't I don't know how old you were being asked you know what superhero would you play when you're older you say oh maybe Spider-Man right and it's like and and I wonder like how much of your acting career do you feel like you've manifested or there was a vision or a focus or is it more just like this was naturally what you were into and it and it grew where where did that come from I do believe in manifesting actually I really do I think what's interesting about my career is this was never something I wanted I just was a young kid I love dancing my mom would take me to a dance class every Saturday and I got spotted through that dance class to to audition for a show on the West End I ended up doing the show I loved it Billy Elliott it was the time of my life I you know it was such a cool experience I'm just by complete fluke an agent came to see the show the night that I was on she signed me she sent me to an audition for a film I was lucky enough to get the part all of a sudden I was on set with you McGregor and Naomi Watts and we made the impossible and to be perfectly honest with you it was it was just a hobby it was something that my mom would let me do on the summer holidays she was very keen that I kept my schooling up and there sort of came that time in England where you in between gcc's and a levels and you're trying to figure out when I was going through that you could still drop out at a levels obviously now you have to do a levels and I had that moment where I was like what do I want to do I could try and stay at school and figure out what I want to do or this thing that's been a hobby but my sort of summer holiday activity which is acting I could try and do that for a living and I've been so lucky that I've been you know offered jobs and all that sort of stuff I decided to go with it I I I joined the Brit school because you know my mom was Keen that I didn't go for school for an education but went to school to expand my social skills and meet kids my own age all my friends when I was 15 were like 30y old people cuz they're all adults from the business um so I think my mom was Keen that I had some friends that are my age who are now my best friends today so I never really wanted this I just sort of never stopped doing it and I love it I absolutely love it I love the creativity I love the building blocks that are required to put a film together I love the collaboration on set between people from all different walks of life you know a film set is a Melting Pot of all sort of different people um so I love it I absolutely love it yeah wow and and I I read something that you said you were bullied for like doing ballet yeah ear which obviously got you into the playing the role of Billy ell because it's ballet and tap right it's both so was was that was that tough at the time or like were you trying to hide it and then you end up on you know you end up at the West End and you're on the main stage and everyone's seeing it or was it kind of easy to navigate and how did that go down because I feel like as a kid doing ballet and tap must have been a little challenging yeah I mean it was it wasn't easy but it also wasn't tough you know I went to a rugby school so you can imagine like the one kid in the school that does ballet there's going to be comments here and there it wasn't the easiest thing in the world there were kids that didn't understand why I was doing it or what I was doing it for no matter how many times I explained like I'm the only guy in a class of 30 girls in tights I was like guys this is what you want to be doing like rugby is not it but I N it was tough but again like goes back to what we were saying about resilience and and keeping your head down and crowded room was the hardest job I've ever had for all sorts of different reasons and there was a point in time where we were talking about do we shut this down and walk away from it because of how challenging it was and you know I dug my heels in I put my head down I was like no I'm going to finish this I'm going to see it through and I think you know you learn from past experiences like that so I really am proud of the way we everyone handled the crowded room and I think that stems from my childhood my dad experiences and all that sort of stuff yeah well so I've got a confession as well to mate go on so I went to rugby school as well okay and did you I played yeah I played for my a team and I was I was pretty good pretty good I was pretty good okay what position did you play Blindside flanker okay wow so I was I was really into rugby because I went to rugby school and I loved football but my school didn't play football and so I was like no I've got to be on the school's main team so worked really hard to get on the team but after we play rugby on a Saturday my mom forced me to go to dance class and part of it was ballet and tap as well although I did not end up at the West End and play Billy Elliot because I don't think Billy Elliott was brown so that that wasn't going to happen so it wasn't the same path as you but but I also had that experience so that's why I had to ask you about did you enjoy it I really enjoyed it for the community aspect of it like I love all the lads that I was there with and they were just they were just a great laugh and it was really interesting because we'd go from I'd literally go from playing rugby straight to class on a Saturday and I'd go in there with all my bruises exhausted just and it's almost like the rug pitch was moreful everyone you know try to be intense and trying to be this and that whereas everyone just having a laugh at the dance class and we do everything from hip-hop to Street to whatever but yeah I remember never telling I think this the first time I've ever spoken about out there I'm in a safe space with you so but it's interesting because Rugby's regimented isn't it yeah I love by you play you play a position that is as specific as saying the blid side flanker you when you're a dancer you're just a dancer you know you you can fit in however you want to fit in the teacher can ask you how are you feeling about that rather than like you need to get your head down to the left to make a proper tackle I did love playing rugby when I was smaller yeah when all the well not when I was smaller when all the kids were smaller and then there was that time where I came back to school after Billy Elliott and everyone had just become a man and I was still very much a child I remember we played this school called Trinity College and it was my first game back and I was playing scrum I came on the second half and it was a violent game it was not it was not a gentleman's game of rugby and I was standing they were kicking to us we were receiving and I remember thinking as long as the ball doesn't come to me off of the kick I'll be fine I need the game to get going and then I'll be fine I'm scrum half relatively safe position I'm a good playmaker as soon as he kicked the ball it's coming straight towards me I I'm trying to catch it I can hear the boots running towards me I fumble it knock on the game goes on I start playing play well I assisted a try and then I don't remember what happened or how it happened but there was a a really tough kid on our team who will remain nameless I haven't spoken to him since I don't know what he's doing but he got into a fight with some kid on the opposing team and it was really quite ugly and then the kid's dad came on the pitch to tell off this boy that was on my team and the kid on my team knocked out his dad no like proper like it's the first time I've ever seen someone hit someone and I couldn't believe that a kid who was how old are you yeah he must have been 16 at the time he's one of those 16 year olds that would look older than I do now when he was 16 and I just remember hearing the noise he like cracked this Dad on the jaw Hit the Floor then this whole big fight broke out I'm not a fighter I stepped away and was sort of like what's going on yeah it was wild and that was the last game of rugby I ever played it was against Trinity College oh my gosh yeah it was really intense wow that that is intense yeah that's how intense it got my last game was similar but not not watching a fight so someone ran I had it was a big game and it I was playing really well that season and everything was going really well and someone ran into a rock but with their elbow which is obviously ilal totally they ran in and they elbowed me right there like right Bel it's on this side and right below there and the next thing I know I get up and I'm like kind of feeling a bit aggressive are you cut as well well I didn't notice and then Blood starts to drip and I was like that's when you freak out cuz oh God I'm I'm like I can and there's a lot of blood just dripping so I get subbed off and the nurse on the side just puts a bit of glue there like to stick it together and at the mo at that time you don't really notice in you think you're all right and then literally an hour later it's just getting thicker and thicker and thicker and I'm ending up with this run to the hospital on the way home because my coach was just like suck it up it's fine you'll be fine run there they're like if you were any later you would have had nerve damage and like personally potentially eyesight whatever it was and they had to like glue it and a little bit of stitches or whatever it was and I for the for the rest of the month I walked around with my like you know eye literally hanging over and I looked like I'd got into like the worst fight like I walked into a store and everyone would kind of back off and stuff and it was just really uncomfortable that was my last game of rugby that's why I just remembered that but yeah it was it was it was it was intense but it was great like you said it was great regimented discipline training I love training with my mates I love playing I loved as a young man as well like having a outlet to release the energy that I had I was good in in obviously in a way that wasn't trying to hurt others but that's what's so great about boxing yeah it's like boxing is such a great release you know you see these young kids like young kids who are angry who need to let something go like go and punch a bag for an hour but that will make you that will calm you down I love how boxing is such a great thing for young for young people to to release that sort of ENT are you boxing do you box I love boxing it's been a few years since I've I've done any sort of training I used to go to this great gym in um in New York called Church Street boxing just love it there had a great Pro you could sort of spar with him because you know that he wouldn't batter you because he could control himself I went to one sparring session just a general session and I got absolutely batter yeah it was tough but I love it I love the sport I'm a little bit sad as to like how the sport is being run right now right um but I do love the sport and I admire the athletes I think they're amazing what's your take on YouTubers boxing and all that kind of stuff and because it's obviously bringing a lot of attention to the sport to be perfectly honest with you I don't really mind it I think it's quite fun I think if you're doing it for the right reasons you know there's a great opportunity to raise some money for amazing Charities and I think a few of them have done a lot for charity um I think it's really great I think yeah you know my brother Paddy would never have been watching boxing and now he loves it because of his favorite Youtubers of boxing so if it's good for the sport it's good for the sport I I sort of don't really mind I think it's funny to be honest yeah cuz sit at home watching it you're like I could do that I could get in there and do that you're like well why don't you and you're like well I don't really want to do that so we might see you in Creed Ford then yeah we'll do the we'll do the acting boxing I'd love to do a boxing movie yeah I think it would be cool to do a boxing movie but where the fighting is real walk me through that I wouldn't necessarily be in that film right but I do think that you could make a really interesting film where the outcome of the film is determined on the outcome of the real fight has anything like that ever been done like racing or any can you I'm just trying to not that I know of yeah not that I know of that's what I'm trying to think it could be really cool yeah wow but yeah I love I love boxing movies I'm a sucker for it yeah yeah which one's which which one's your favorite I think Rocky 2 is probably my favorite I remember when we were in Billy Elliott we had this room called the Billy room and there was always a billy backstage while the show was going on because the show was so labor intensive it was very dangerous there's lots of moving Parts there's lots of acrobatics it wasn't too uncommon for a billy to get injured and then there would be someone upstairs who would replace that Billy and we would just hang out upstairs and there was an Xbox and a television and all that sort of stuff and one of the DVDs that we had the two DVDs we had was step up to the streets my favorite film of all time and Rocky too and I've must have seen that film 40 times I love how many times did you practice the dance in the mirror oh man I've got the whole dance down righto can we see it no yeah no I love that film I absolutely love that film yeah i' say I say my favorite so Rocky was my favorite cuz I'd watch it with my dad and Rocky I I struggled between Rocky 3 and Rocky four cuz I loved Mr T and three that's three and I loved Ivan Drago as well which was four and they were both just such great movies yeah yeah yeah he was just yeah it's such great entertainment even though it's nothing like real boxing yeah nothing at all nothing like real boxing but then I remember watching real boxing when I was growing up it was Prince Nim oh man yeah yeah my dad was a big fan of his so I'd remember watching him a lot love his style there's a video of him working with the I guess he's just it's like a swinging bag and he is so effortless because canelo's got a great head movement but but he looks like he's thinking about it yeah whereas nazim is just living the dream just he's so fluid and I love the way he used to move yeah and I love how he would enter the ring me I would over rotate and slam on my face or something yeah he was brilliant yeah he was like wrestling meets boxing he must have been a nightmare to fight it must have been like he's beating me and he's embarrassing me this is really tough terrible what do you think of lenko did you see his last fight I haven't no I didn't see it I didn't see it that's an interesting one go and tell me I I didn't see it at all well I think the general consensus is that he won oh but it was given the other way right he is my favorite boxer because of his history his background in dance he was like I guess a really talented boxer and then I guess I don't know if this is true but his dad sent him to go and study dance for sort of five years or something like that for his boxing for his boxing which is why his footwork is like on another planet there's loads of examples of where he's fighting people and they look up and he's just gone he's behind them so I I really admire him but his most recent fight he lost how did it go against him was it a vote it was a vote right right they went against him so I wonder whether they'll fight again yeah I guess they'll have to if there's it seems like this isn't a conspiracy theory that's the problem with boxing though like will they fight again you know because it's it's a tricky it's a tricky business unlike the UFC where you know if they want to fight they'll fight that's what I love about it I took my brother and my cousin to the UFC the other night and that is such a Savage sport it is that is yeah it's terrifying I really don't want that to be a movie in a real one seen the warrior my m movie so good the warrior is one of the most underrated movies it's so good yeah it's a little ridiculous the idea that they have like six fights a night getting ready for one final but I do love that film yeah yeah yeah it's a really good it's a really good movie oh well okay all right so we know there's a boxing movie coming somewhere down L got be one down the line there's got to be one down the line absolutely yeah and we want to see you work your way up and uh fig you I mean we might see you like you know actually go do it for real sounds imagine for charity maybe one of the things that you mentioned recently was that you gave up drinking about a year and a half ago yes and you said it was the hardest thing you ever did yes and I wanted to know what was so hard about it for you why was it so hard it's interesting I I didn't one day wake up and say I'm giving up drinking I just like many bricks had had a very very boozy December Christmas time I was on vacation I was drinking a lot and I've always been able to drink a lot I think I get my jeans from my mom's side in that thing that I can I can drink and I decided to just give up for January I just wanted to do dry January and all I could think about was having a drink it's all I could think about about I was waking up thinking about it I was checking the clock when's it 12: and it just really scared me I just was like wow maybe maybe I have a little bit of an alcohol thing so I sort of decided to punish myself and say I'll do February as well I'll do two months off if I can do two months off then I can prove to myself that I don't have a problem two months go by and I was still really struggling I felt like I couldn't be social I felt like I couldn't go to the pub and have a lime soda I couldn't go out for dinner I was really really struggling and I started to really worry that maybe I had an alcohol problem um so I decided that I would wait until my birthday which is June 1st I said to myself if I can do six months without alcohol then I can problem and by the time I had got to June 1st I was the happiest I'd ever been in my life I could sleep better I could handle problems better things that would go wrong on set that would normally set me off I could take in my stride I had so much such better mental Clarity I felt healthier I felt fitter and I just sort of said to myself like why why am I enslaved to this drink why am I so obsessed by the idea of having this drink and I would look back and recognize that I would go to events for for work and I can't enjoy myself until I've had a few beers and I just felt so much pressure and this is one of the things why I've sort of dist myself from the rugby community cuzz so much of it is about how much can you drink let's get you as drunk as possible and it's honestly been the best thing I've ever done I'm a year and a half into it now it doesn't even cross my mind I found amazing Replacements that I think are fantastic ones that are also really healthy I found this one beer that it's full of electrolytes and it's you know the carbo hydrates in it a longlasting energy so like having a beer is now actually like a really healthy thing I'm really lucky that all my friends are super supportive about it I've never run into that scenario where my friends are like oh go on just have a beer like you're fine they've always sort of really supported me and I don't want to be that person that's saying to people you should get sober you should get sober if I could encourage someone to drink less then that's great but I I don't want to start getting into the world of you need to stop drinking because I just it's it's not for me to say I went on my own little journey I'm really enjoying it I'm delighted that my mom's has also given up she's loving it and it's been amazing I can't believe the difference that I feel from not drinking I feel amazing that's amazing man I love hearing that and I love hearing that it's been great for you right I think that's that's the point not everything has to be like look what I did you can do it too it's kind of like no this is just what's been great for me do you think it was partly that attitude for you at least in the beginning where it's like well look I can drink I drink a lot it comes from my mom jeans and it doesn't affect me and then all of a sudden you realize well wait a minute it's more than that because I think there is that like I was like that as a young man as well like for me it was it was easy to drink I I didn't drink daily for me I drank a lot more socially and I love playing drinking games with my mates that was really what I enjoyed the most probably and for me when I quit I could just quickly see how it just got me into doing things I would never do if I wasn't drunk so for me for me it was more that but yeah I wonder for you did you find that it's there's a really fine line between like I know I can drink a lot and then all of a sudden you're kind of addict not addicted beyond that no addicted M I'm happy to say like I was definitely addicted to alcohol not shy away from that at all I think anyone that wakes up and has a not wakes up anyone that has a beer every day is probably got a little bit of a problem but yeah you're right I I would drink and drink and drink and drink and then you would just reach that moment where you're like wow I shouldn't have had that last beer and you wake up the next day and you have a terrible headache and you're suffering I I bought one of those rings that will tell you about your sleep yeah Aura ring yeah and it was amazing cuz I couldn't sleep I was like why can't I sleep I'm working 14 hours a day I'm doing two hours in the gym I'm eating really healthily and I can't sleep what's wrong with me I bought this ring and it was booze it just it was completely affecting my sleep and since I've given it up I can sleep anywhere you know it's also interesting as well going on nights out and having a great time as the sober person and then getting to that point in the night where people start you know spitting in your ear and everyone's I love you man I love you so much and you're like yeah brilliant I love you too I'll see you tomorrow I'm going to bed I love being that person now I love seeing my friends on the golf course at 8:00 a.m. in the morning feeling fresh and ready to go and sort of crawling out their car and so yeah so I I I'm over the moon to be sober I love it yeah for anyone who is listening right now is going Tom I love that for you I want to do it too like they're listening going I'm having too much every day I can notice some of those things but I'm just stuck and it's hard because we know that addiction's that way we know that this is heavy it's not easy but if someone is watching going Tom tell me like what what did you do to even get started how did you have that courage to say I'm going to do January I'm going to stick at it were there any moments where you actually fell back and then had to get back on the horse again like just walk us through that a little bit more for anyone who is watching going Tom mate I I want to be in your position in like six months I didn't fall back on it I have done in the past like I've had periods of my life where I'd given up drinking and then gone back to drinking um but this time I don't know it was just different I really worked to sort of change my mindset I really asked myself like why do you drink why are you drinking and a lot of the time my answer would be to feel more comfortable in the social environment yeah and I just put myself in those environments and just would force myself to be there I'd force myself to hang out and and go to a club or go to a bar go to a dinner yeah we weren't avoiding those places I was at the beginning because I didn't feel like I could go and not have a drink because of the stress of it but then after a while I sort of was like mate youve got to pull your socks up here and you can't just live in your house all the time you've got to go out and enjoy yourself and and if you're only enjoying yourself because you're drink drinking then you really do have a problem but I just changed my mindset I just I found really good replacements things that I could sort of attribute to having a beer I often found with me most of it is just the ritual of cracking something open and sharing it with friends and drinking it whether it's sparkling water or a beer I now can't I don't associate like I don't see a difference yeah but I think it's different for everyone I had a great support system Jack is one of my best mates and we travel all over the world he doesn't drink and do with him was was a really helpful experience for me my brother is always on the road with me he was very supportive and yeah I just really set my mind to it I was I really want to do this I want to prove to myself I can do it yeah and then once I'd felt the health benefits and started really feeling like my full self like oh my God this is this is the best but do you not drink I haven't drank for 17 years no way congratulations that's aming I feel amazing yeah it it's incredible wow it's like one of the best feelings in the world and it's my my biggest like worry when I was about to quit was like how am I going to hang out with my mates biggest worry I was like my mates knew me as the guy who was like first to the game L to get out like that was me you know the clown when I got drunk like life of the party kind of like that kind of guy and then all of a sudden I I decided I wasn't going to drink anymore I was like crap am I going to fit in and then I remember I went into the corporate world for a bit and I didn't drink and I was like God am I going to miss out on like opportunities and networking like you know all the guys afterwards are like going to get drinks and I'm like I'll come but I'll have a water or have a soda whatever it is and what was really interesting for me is not relying on Drinking Made Me rely on qualities and skills I had sure that were actually better so now that I couldn't drink as an excuse to hang with the lads I was bringing out parts of my personality that I probably would have just hidden awayed yeah suppressed and all of a sudden you were actually getting respected and liked for who you were rather than the person who you were when you were drunk sure and and actually that worked in the work place and there was no one at the workplace going oh Jay doesn't drink so he's not getting promoted it wasn't like that people were like oh yeah I really like hanging out with Jay or's he's a really good guy or whatever it may be and I was still getting the same opportunities and I was still getting promoted at work and whatever it was and I think that's why I'd like to remind people that don't feel like your career or your work is going to suffer even for you like you've I'm sure as a you know with your career path you have to be at parties you have to be at events and the fact that you're able to do that now without having alcohol and you it doesn't sound like it's negatively impacting your career if anything it's the opposite mate I honestly cannot believe like the amount of times I've sat down with an actor that I really admired or sat down with a producer or director and being like Oh you know well I don't drink anymore and they go I don't drink 10 years and you're like oh my God and I've had so many insightful conversations with people like yourself where you've heard their story their reason for giving up and there is a wonderful community of people and I love it I love being a part of that Community I'm really proud to be a part of it I hope that you know I can meet other people and chat to them about it because it's really nice it's lovely to be like let's go get a lime soda together you know yeah let's get a juice let's get a smoothie yeah yeah no it is true it's true and it's really interesting because they I can't remember I'm trying to remember there was this blog that came out years ago I can't even remember it now and there was this girl on Instagram who was getting a lot of likes and a lot of comments and a lot of attention and one day she just disappeared like she stopped posting and everyone was just like all the comments were like where are you what happened are you okay like what happened to you you know everyone was frantic trying to figure out what happened to her because they loved her they were following her and all the rest of it and what they didn't know is that it was built by a team that was trying to show that what people didn't notice is that in every picture she posted she was drinking and it was a made up it was almost like original AI that was made up to prove the point that you can love someone and you can think you're really close to them and you you can think their lifestyle looks amazing but actually they've got a drink in every picture they post and you didn't realize they had an alcohol problem so there was no real person who died but the point was that this your friends could be struggling even when they're posting these beautiful lifestyle pictures but are you aware and are you conscious of how much it affects you and I can't can't remember who built that page well I think that's one of the problems with alcohol is that if you came out with alcohol right now if alcohol wasn't a thing and you I've invented this drink that is going to make you like either really happy or really aggressive or really stupid and we're going to just sell it to the masses people be like now mate keep your funky juice like we don't want that that sounds terrible and it's one of those things because it is so socially acceptable the the addiction side of it the bad sides of it really do fly under the radar yeah and that's really interesting I'll tell you something I do love about being a non-drinker I love being the designated driver I love being that person that makes sure that everyone gets home I don't know I just I like being a Dependable person I I think I'm quite dependable and I really like that that um thing and I saw this crazy YouTube video once this was years ago of a guy that went to a bar he got drunk and he drove home and he crashed his car and I don't know if this is real it could have been fake but it's really impactful basically what his friend had done was set up the room as if he had been in a coma for like 10 years and his friend wakes up hours after the crash and his friend is there and he had all like old make up on to make him look older and now I'm thinking about it there's no way this could have been real because how would they have been able to pull that off but he basically is saying to him like you've been asleep for 10 years everyone's missed you like we can't believe you're awake this is amazing and it shows like how a stupid decision like driving drunk can affect the future of your life so I do love being the designated driver that is something I enjoy seeing my friends have a good time and being like don't worry Tom will take you home yeah I I I used to love been the designated driver until I realized that next go girlfriend just had me do that because I was the one who didn't do that wasn't a fun designated driver job but I've always been that guy since because so I I lived as a monk for three years yeah amazing and uh when I came back after that obviously I never went back to drinking alcohol and everything and so but I went back into the workplace and I remember everyone would always open up to me and give me advice but it's what you're saying when someone was drunk they' tell me their whole life story yeah next day they'd wake up and go Jay you'd actually remember what I said I'm I remember everything they're like please don't tell anyone like you know I love I love that part where I was like I was able to be there for people totally just hear their stories 100 and someone that had context the next day cuz if they told someone else who was drunk you'd both not remember and then it'd be gone no I I think the benefits that You' just pointed out of good sleep good health great mental Clarity they're huge but there's a couple of things I want to point out for everyone who's listening just as takeaways because Tom makes it so seamless when you're talking about it's really beautiful as well but one of the things you mentioned was Finding Alternatives and during my monk life we always talked about how there was there something that we called the higher taste and it was saying you can never give up a lower taste unless you had a higher taste and so there has to be a switch there has to be a repl to be a replac the fact that you found alternatives I think that's half the battle because most of us are trying to take something out of our lives and then you're just trying to fill it yeah and then you have to go back to what you had before because you're not finding a replacement so that was beautiful and the second thing you said which I loved which was having this conversation and dialogue with other people someone who's one year ahead of you someone who's 10 years ahead someone who's 20 years ahead who's gone through that process and they're open and honest and vulnerable about you know what I did have a weak moment or you know what this was really tough for me and I think having those communities where you can talk about these things makes a massive difference so if anyone's struggling I hope that those two things can kind of you know give you the support you need and again it goes back to the message of of the show is that like you should ask for help and you should feel empowered to do so yeah but tell me about your monk life like that must have been amazing it was I've always been so tempted to go away and do one of those retreats where you know you go to somewhere like India and you go to those places where you don't speak for a month or something like that like that must have just been the most enlightening experience mate now that you've said that when when you want to go I'm going to take you please absolutely love to go I met a guy I was on holiday earlier this year and he had just got back from a retreat he did two weeks where he didn't make a sound MH and was just explaining to me how eye opening it was yeah yeah no I I mean to me it was one of the best experiences in my life because even the stuff that I did then I was 22 years old when I did it even the stuff that I did then I don't even know if I'd be able to do it anymore now but there was such a like energy you had as a 22y old where just open to any experience and wanting to try it all out aming and I think for me it was because and it comes back to the people that have done things when I was 18 was when I first met a monk I I never really knew what monks did or or any of their practices but I met a monk who I write about in my book who just blew my mind because he was the first person I met that I felt was at ease with himself and when I was 18 I'd met people who were like rich and famous and you know beautiful and powerful and all this type of stuff but I don't think I'd met anyone who was truly happy and content with themselves not happy like oh I'm so happy life's amazing I mean more like happy with who they who they were totally and for some reason at 18 that kind of like was an arrow straight to my heart where I was like that's that's real I want that and it just it's so hard to explain because everyone's like well how did you know that at 18 I was like I don't know it must have been how powerful he was it's kind of like it's kind of like you wake up when when the sun's out and the lights out and you just wake up because you feel that energy and I felt it through him and then I I went to University and I'd talk to him and I'd meet him in the Summers and Christmases but I just decided I was like I want to do this because I'd met someone who I felt had emotional and mental Mastery in a way that I'd never seen before wow and so when I went out there and whether it was the meditation training or whether it was the Simplicity training of the lifestyle or whether it was the the the teachings and the values that you had to live by I just got so I got so much from it that I honestly believe that anything that I'm good at doing today is because of what I learned during that time and so anything I'm good at today is because of that do you think that you found what he had yeah I believe so and I would say that well has he's yeah and I still see him every yearing and he still has it yeah it's like Swag like it doesn't go away he still has it and yeah definitely definitely I got a glimpse into it obviously he's been doing it for you know nearly 30 years and I only did it for three but you still get to a glimpse of it and you get an experience of it so you know that it exists and I think that's half the battle too like even with your sobriety it's like you just need to know it exists totally and then you're like wow there's this other side 100% And even though it's a challenge and even though I'm still trying to be more mindful every day and I'm still working on myself because it's of course it's an endless ongoing thing yeah I know I know and I take a lot of friends and and people I know on Retreats there because just a couple of years ago I took uh someone that I love to one of the caves in rishikes so one of the things I love about caves is that they're equally dark and Silent yeah so it's almost like the first time like we could be silent in this room and it would be silent but the Silence of a cave is just different different level and so when you go in there you can't see anything either so you can't even see yourself so you're so deep into the cave that there's no light from the mouth of the cave anymore there's no light from the M mouth of the cave I don't know about that that really stress me out no you hold hands no you don't hold hands but it's it's just it's one of those experiences that you actually get to experience real Stillness and real silence and real real disconnection sure from everything around you and then you can actually listen to yourself yeah it's interesting I would love to do something like that something that I find myself doing a lot is if I see a beautiful landscape or something I will try and see if I can find an angle of it where there's nothing manmade in the view cuz you know what it's like like you see a beautiful Hill or something and there's a telephone pole in the middle of it or a lamp post or something so doing something like that where there is nothing but just mother nature and the vience and being with yourself I'm obsessed with nature it's like one of my biggest passions I'm absolutely like this new our planet show has just come out one sitting I've done the whole thing um so I would love to do something like that so next time you go in let me know with you we'll figure it out no where's where's a place I love nature too I just took my me and my wife just went to Barley oh I love barley yeah and it was unbelievable we went white water rafting and it almost felt like Jurassic Park I was just waiting for a dinosaur head to pop out and it was just beautiful it was so Lush it was natural waterfalls everywhere and another place that I've Loved naturewise India of course we mentioned but Iceland to go got to go to Iceland a few years ago and my friend was filming a a documentary out there and so I got to experience it with the documentary Travelers and we went to a real Glacier and we went toing you know and and it was incredible to just it was the first time I felt like I'd landed on another planet yeah yeah yeah it just I literally I was like this looks like nothing I've ever seen before in my life like I'm on another like I I could have I could have gone into outer space and landed on another there's a reason why every single space film Iceland is the first on the list for locations oh is that I know that I'm think Interstellar probably shot went to the GL they saw right so I'm sure all of those films you know because you could do you could do Mars you could do Venus all in you know in Iceland I would love to go I don't know we were thinking about doing some climbing and I'm not sure about how I feel about glaciers and walking across them and just falling and never being found yeah we we walked across them and obviously there were teams there but and then they had an expert and they went down into the glacier like they went into one like and it was and it was really scary because while we were walking on the glacier we've got the I forgot what those little boots are called the ones with the kind of like the little prongs yeah yeah I forgot what they're called but anyway we had those on and uh crons crampons crampons crampons okay crampons thank you for that Jack and so we're wearing these crampons and and literally it was like three steps further and you you would have fallen and you don't see it and you would never be found never you would never be found you would never know and it would be like that movie What's it 126 hours that guy had to sore off his own arm 126 hours mate in 10 minutes the ice would just yeah know I that that's a bit too far for me well if you went with a group of you know experts and all the rest of it I think yeah but you've seen the documentary sometimes the experts go out and it's a one it's a oneway story they don't ever come back you know yeah yeah yeah no you got you got to be careful I agree I agree I'll show you some videos later though because it was pretty it was pretty spectacular it was really amazing no I I love I love that with your journey with Sab and and again the other thing we were talking about this earlier going back to it was you decided to take a break from acting yeah because you were doing this role it was really tough and challenging and and you like you need some time and again you were saying that that was misconstrued and I just before we dive into why you needed to take a break and and what was challenging about it I just wanted to just if you wanted to give context to that and you don't have to but if you wanted to to clarify what you meant and what was going on there it's only a break from acting because I'm an actor yeah it's not like the acting itself I just have been so lucky that in my life I've been working so much I just wanted to take a break I just wanted to be in one place for a while I wanted to be with my friends be with my family move into my house so it wasn't necessarily oh my God I need to have a break from acting cuz it's too much I just needed to have a break from traveling and and working and and also I've done so much of my growing up on the road I needed to do a lot of growing up at home paying my water bill paying my council tax and sorting out my bins and all that sort of stuff that they don't teach you at school which I think there should be a lesson I think there should be a lesson at school that's called life which is like laundry basic cooking like I didn't realize you have to pay for your water I just thought that was a luxury of living in England the water comes out the sky and then it comes out your TAP I was so behind on my Waterville I didn't realize I'm up to date now don't worry so yeah I just wanted to take this break and it's a shame again talking about the press and how they can spin things it's a shame that this year off has come after this incredibly hard job and that they kind of ran with this idea that yes the show did break me and yes it was difficult but I could have gone back to work I was always planning on taking this break after this job so thank you for giving me the time to sort of clarify that I am loving having time off and going back to work is something that isn't really on my radar yet I'm just loving being with my family and my friends and and enjoying you know the fruits of my labor a little bit and traveling and seeing the world cuz you know we get to see the world for work but it's different yeah you know going off of your own accord and and and seeing these places and meeting people is is what I love I'm very social which is one of the things I found so difficult about giving up alcohol is because I was like that's my key to my social life and then I realized I was like no you're just actually naturally a really social person the alcohol is just an additive to that so get rid of it so yeah so my my my year off has been amazing I'm loving it I'm six months seven months into it now I have a job to go to but you know obviously we're going through this writer strike right now we're unsure as to where we are um I'm hoping that you know the writers can make a deal and will be looked after as they should be because it would be great to get back to work but I'm in no rush I'm really loving some time at home how old are you now 27 yeah and so if you've been working since you were nine or at least later on into your teens I think I think people forget that and I I coach personally a lot of musicians and who go on tour a lot sure and I just finished a 40 City World Tour for my second book and we did like 40 cities maybe in like 75 80 days maybe like it was intense and we went all over the world we did like never done anything like that did 15 cities in the US and then 25 cities around the world and so we did everyone from Paris Amsterdam Berlin Melbourne we did three shows at the Sydney Opera House Brisbane did Singapore did five shows in India did Dubai it was it and it was amazing I had one of the best experiences of my life at the same time I was reflecting on my music clients who have to do 100 150 shows a lot of them pull out of doing their tours a lot of them announce kind of like you're saying I took a break sure a lot of them will announce and say you know what guys I can't I can't finish I can't do it anymore and it's really interesting because I message some of them straight away saying I always could understand why you needed that now I actually have actual empathy for you because now I'm on the road and I can see how displacing it is sure and I'm older and I have a certain set of skills that help me with that based on my monk life and all the rest of it but I I can imagine if you've been touring since you were 15 years old which is what a lot of these artists have done yeah you've like you just said you grow up on the road sure and then all of a sudden you're like well who am I and who are my friends and and what is my life and now everyone that I pay is my friend and that's the only friends I have and you know and so it's really interesting how when you get a little glimpse into someone's life and then on my the last show I had was in Barcelona yeah it was amazing and the night before my last show Live Nation who was doing my show there they also do a Coldplay tour and they were like do you want to come to watch Cay I was like I'd love to watch Cay so when the night before to watch callay it was unbelievable they did four soldout shows of 655,000 people each night in Barcelona and Chris I went to watchs the fourth night and Chris Martin and the crew were just unbelievable yeah and then I found out as the 89th show and I was thinking gosh like it is so hard like it's just so hard and all their families are with them and traveling with them and all the rest of it and so I want to touch on that with you as well that walk us through because I've talked about this with actors offline and I don't think I've fully done it online and so if you're willing to go there I'd really appreciate it when you're playing a role I think as a viewer we massively underestimate how hard acting is especially when the role is the kind of role that you're playing in the crowded room yeah I I think we just underestimate as a view and I'm fortunate enough to know enough actors offline where I've had these conversations before whether whether it's people who do method acting or whether it's people who you know really try and get into character like you always hear about the stories of like how Jared Leto when he was becoming the Joker was sending people rats and human feces in their mail like literally tell if you me human feasts in my mail there'd be trouble I wouldn't be putting up with that you you and Jer in a boxing match yeah there'll be a boxing movie then yeah but but you know the idea of like I think I think as viewers we don't re it's what I'm saying is like when I went on tour I was like I get it I get it now as viewers we don't get it because we don't really hear about the Deep process that actors go through of getting into a role playing someone with multiple personalities like you know that I don't know is that is that tough or is is it or is that not am I getting it wrong and that's not actually the tough part you're definitely not getting it wrong I think it's just different it's Case by case you know there are people like Jared who who dive into their roles and they do things like sending people dead rats and stuff like that and they think that that's what they need to do I've always been really good at separating my onset emotions from my personal life emotions as a young kid I used to really heavily rely on my personal emotions to get them to come across on screen and I just found it really unhealthy I just found that like the line between my life and my character's life would be blurred and ultimately at the end of the experience of making the film I would be a very different person but not because of my experiences as Tom it would be because of my experiences as my character so I decided very early on to find certain techniques and certain ways to get into those emotions from a sort of technical point of view I never sit on set and think about my my mom getting sick or my or never speaking to my brothers again or something like that I never blur the lines with my personal life and my work life I always leave work at work there are jobs like the crowded room that are particularly taxing getting to those emotions on a daily basis is really difficult and really tiring but you know it's probably somewhat like Coldplay on that 89th show you just dig your heels in you realize you've got a job to do we're all wonderfully well paid there are people that work far harder for far less I recognize how lucky I am am so I'm like if I need to cry today and tomorrow and the next 50 days in a row I'll do so yes it's difficult but I think your question I'm probably the worst person to ask that because I think I have like a really healthy outlook on how I achieve my emotions on set yeah um but I have worked with people that shut their bedroom door and just dive into the character and are pouring through the script every night and and are in character all the time and I admire them I don't necessarily think it's the health EST way to go about it but yeah I've always been really strict on myself to leave my work at work obviously I come home and read the script and do all of my prep work but I'm not I'm leaving the character at work because it's too it's too much especially when you're playing a character like like Danny from the crowded room like you can't bring that into your personal life it's tough yeah yeah I mean that but I'm actually glad I asked it to you either way because what I'm actually hearing is you did it early on and you saw it wasn't healthy sure and so you actually found another way way yeah and and it's really interesting because a lot of people may not have found another way or that is their way and that is their method and so it actually is interesting hearing it from your perspective because you're actually saying yeah I could have gone down that road I could see the dangers with it right and and obviously depends on the roles too sorry you going to say no it's just it's my acting coach Ben Perkins was my acting coach on my first film and that film's really really emotionally intense and we started off by doing things like can you imagine you know your M passing or can you imagine things like that and I would cry instantly yeah and he was the one that actually recognized at a point this is too much for this young kid to kind of take so he devised these exercises where him and I could kind of have these fake arguments where I was as a 12-year-old oh maybe I was older than that 13-year-old could recognize that they were exercises and I would allow the emotion to kind of come from these kind of acting techniques let's call it so it was actually Ben that was the one that switched my my mindset I can't take credit for that yeah so you you live in LA yeah so I moved to LA five years ago and I moved to the state seven years ago so I was in New York for the first two where about in New York were you I was on 23rd Street near flat iron okay nice so yeah it was good in in Manhattan and uh moved with my wife we've been married for seven years together for 10 fantastic and uh yeah it was it's just been really interesting mate it's like did you ever end up moving did you ever live in LA at all or in the US at all or have you always been in London sort of what we were talking about earlier I've kind of lived all over the place I've lived in La I've lived in New York I've lived in Atlanta you know I've lived in Cleveland which was amazing um so I I really like spending time in the states yeah we just obviously crowded room we did a year in New York yeah we moved to dve Becca we started off in Midtown and Midtown for me was a bit of a nightmare it's where all the schools are so I'd come home from work and I'd come outside and it's like all the biggest Spider-Man fans you oh my God yeah it's like the worst plan all the kids we moved out to Tribeca to this amazing apartment which was really lovely we're very lucky to be down there but um but where so how do you find La I so you know what it's really interesting because when I I moved to New York first yeah and I loved it I found New York to be just a bigger crazier London a bit more intense and and I love London I'm I'm a London boy through and through I went to University here my my family's still here my wife's family is here everyone's and so but but I enjoyed New York my wife didn't love New York and also at the same time I I started spending more time in LA for work and my wife and I just like fell more in love with each other when we were there and so that's what it was that Drew us there it wasn't really everyone's always like oh was it career I was like to be honest we went there for a month for work and we rented an apartment because we're going to be there for a month and we're living together there and we just loved living with each other there home is where the heart is we were like all right we love it here why don't we pack our bags and move across and so we went back to New York two months later we moved over to La so it wasn't even you know and now we've been there for 5 years and the truth is that I I was really intentional when I moved somewhere so while I'm building my purpose and my work and my career which I absolutely love what I get to do every day and I I I could never have dreamed of doing what I do to them super grateful but at the same time I was really intentional about building community and family and it was like an actual like process where I was like as well as you're always building the people you know at work you're always building relationships you're hiring employees and team members and everything at the same time I've got to think about actually making friendships because in London I got all my mates I got my best man at my wedding I've been mates with Raj for like 17 years like I've got people around me but in La I don't have that I don't have any family any friends I don't know anyone and so I've really made an effort and now after 5 years I can honestly say you know obviously not in a wonderful way but the pandemic did help deepen some of those friendships because iuck with people only could go deeper made some really good friends and so I feel happy there and I feel really connected to my purpose there and at the same time I love coming back to London right and hanging out with my mates and so and me and my wife made a decision when we moved that we would never say we lived anywhere we would just be allowed to go wherever we wanted to go so whenever my wife misses London she's back on a flight to London she'll come live here for two months and come back whenever she wants and and it's the same for me and that kind of like not having a rule around you know obviously we're lucky to have that choice that's an amazing luxury to have yeah of course yeah and but yeah I I I'm I share the same kind of outlook on it you know I couldn't really say I live anywhere I sort of live where the work is and when I'm not working I'm either here or in LA and uh and I'm so lucky to be able to sort of call the world my home I just go wherever the the wind takes me I guess yeah exactly but that's glorious yeah man yeah it's been good it's been good for me it's been good to me and and I think with because of the work I do very clearly lets people know whether I'd connect to them or not I feel like my work is so obviously one way that it's very easy cuz not everyone wants this in their life so it's kind of easy for people to be like no I'm not going to make any effort with Jay or I'm going to make lots of effort with Jay and so it kind of makes it very easy because my work is me do you find because of what you do and your skill set and your experiences and your life as a monk that people unload on you a lot yes like like you might meet a new person and they're sort of saying well I'm feeling this way and I I would love to try and get to a place of Enlightenment like that must happen to you a lot yes yeah a lot it can it can happen at the train station happen on a plane it can happen anywhere in the world yeah and do you welcome those conversations do you like having those sorts of conversations so I think it depends where we are and and it depends who it is and I always say to people as a disclaimer that I don't want to give you the belief that I can solve your life in 30 seconds or that I could ever solve your life for you totally just to be really clear that and I always say that to people because people are like Jay tell me what I need to do and I'll be like look I just wanted to be fully aware I'm happy to share some insights with you but I don't have the power or gift or magical ability to transform your life and nothing I can say in 30 seconds I don't even want to take that responsibility on because we should really think about this like you should reflect on your life like especially when people are making big decisions where it's like Jay should I break up should I move country should I do this and I'm like we're not solving this in 30 seconds please this is a bigger conversation yeah and and I like people that takes the pressure off me but it also takes the pressure off them yeah cuz a lot it's not even about me this is about the fact that that person needs to make a really important decision and they're putting all the pressure of their life on that moment and actually I'm saying well let's just take it off and here's a few things I want you to reflect and think about and I know that will help you and you'll figure it out and so yeah I I welcome them because I appreciate that I don't feel that the one holding space and I don't believe that I'm the one who has the power to hold space I believe that the Universe holds space I believe that energetically that space is held for others and I don't feel I'm this powerful human being who's who's the one that everything rests on and has the answer to everything and I think that's what allows me to be liberated from it where I'm not like I also don't put the pressure on myself going God I better say the most perfect thing to this I better change this person's life yeah and I can't and I don't and and I think once a time I probably did feel that way like when you're when you're immature and you're in amateur in your work you almost feel like you have to have all the answers and I'm like you know what I don't and it's fine and actually people really appreciate it when you just chat to them and you know and so yeah and and again you know I'm I'm always happy to listen to someone when I can obviously there's sometimes when I'm like rushing late for a plane or I'm trying to get into a car or whatever and I can't I can't do it but I always stop and say hello give someone a hug and all the yeah so I don't know if that answers your questions but absolutely it does yeah I guess what's what you're saying about making decisions something that I am constantly battling with myself is the inner battle between my gut and my brain I know that sounds really weird like real I go with my gut a lot I'm very very I think a lot of the decisions I make in life are very sort of instinctual I don't like to be bombarded with evidence and facts and all that sort of stuff I just like to feel a certain way about how I would like something to sort of transpire can be taking a fil accepting a script doing a business deal buying a house like it's all sorts of different things through your monk life did you feel like you would rely on your kind of inner instincts rather than like getting the evidence of this is going to make you this much money or if you do that these are the risks how do you where do you stand with that sort of thing that was the most poorly worded question you know what I mean no no no mate mate I think both I think this has been such a conversation that that is what a question sounds like in a conversation and think I've asked youir poorly questions today as well but I think that's what real rather mate I've got question one like right but no I I I think I get what you're saying and if I go on the wrong track let me know but living as a monk you're trained to understand that everything exists in a certain mode and so I'll explain what that means and so in the monk philosophy there are three modes and the modes are the mode of ignorance the mode of passion and the mode of goodness and said that every decision every thought every action every intention every relationship can be in the mode of ignorance mode of passion or mode of goodness and the mode of ignorance is where your relationships or any Act is based on insecurity or fear so when you're doing something out of fear or you're doing it out of insecurity or you're doing it out of pressure that's considered the mode of ignorance and energetically we all feel that right like you know whether you I would know whether you were being forced to do this interview today out of out some sort of fear or some sort of whatever it may be the mode of passion is where you're doing something because you want a certain result you're doing it just for the reward you're doing it just because it's going to get you what you want it's going to get you to the goal okay and so that's considered the mode of passion and again energetically you can tell that when someone has an agenda or someone wants something out of you I've come here to get my point across on something or right totally and then finally the mode of goodness is the energy of like I feel really at peace I feel really at ease this feels aligned with my values and therefore it feels like the right decision and so we were trained to sense energetically whether things felt like the mode of ignorance mode of passion or mode of goodness which was a really helpful framework because sometimes things were really hard to just sense without knowing where it sat in terms of a characteristic that's so interesting and so that was really really helpful at the time and so I find that I'm I'm the same as you where I make decisions energetically but I think having moved into the real world again I felt that I had to start getting used to understanding other elements kind of what you mentioned earlier which I loved which was like I wish they had a class on life at school because it's like you haven't paid your bill and you know you you know there's football players not paying their taxes or whatever it may be and like uh that may be for different reasons but anyway you get the point that that there's some things that you just don't know and so what I've started to do and I've said this a few times and that's why it's a little formula that I use when I sit down with someone whether it's business whether it's relationships whether it's work even whether it's this the first thing is always energy that's my first gate that I that I want to get through and if I don't feel energetically aligned with someone then already there's no future here like it's not going anywhere wow and then the next thing I look at is strategically if it's business so if it's personal it's only energy but if it's business I look at well I like this person energetically do I think they're strategically aligned with where this has to go like do I think they can actually implement this do I believe because a lot of people have great energy but they don't know how to implement anything and then finally I look at well does the money align does the monetary value align with the energy and strategy sure that's been my business version of what I love learned as a monk so what you're saying then that is a combination of both correct allowing like you're gut your energy to kind of allow yourself to pursue further the opportunity yeah and then you take a sort of mental look at it to be like I'm accepting the opportunity from a emotional point of view now I need to see if it makes sort of logical sense correct and if it doesn't then we're going to stop there again yeah exactly so I I found that more useful for me because I found that energetically I can get excited about a lot of stuff yeah the same and I'm and I'm that kind of person and again I never want to block that at the same time I think we have to become more selective with our opportunities and know when to say no and know how to manage and that's at least help me sure so again I'm not saying anyone has to live like that I'm just that's that's it's interesting it's really interesting I I am very much like go off my G I tell you what my mom is an unbelievable judge of character wow and I think she might have without knowing what you're talking about where she can pick up on people's energies yeah because we can meet a new person as a family we've met this new person three of us could love this new person and another three could not like this new person and my mom will be like no no don't like that person and then within six months all of us are like do you remember that person that we were really good friends with for a little bit she's really got a Keen Eye for people that we would get along with yeah she's amazing like that moms are like that now that you say that all my mates who let me down when I was a teenager your every time and I was like Mom no they're my best friend I'm never going to leave them they're like a brother to me and then like s months later the person stab you in the back and then you're like oh mom like you know but the good thing about is they wouldn't judge you for it you know they're like look I told you but you have to make your own mistakes yeah exactly exactly but I it's interesting that you've been able to hold on to that and I love that do you feel like you were asking me about moving to LA and I I think what have you felt and there's a part of you that's obviously wanting to be back in Kingston be back to who you are have you felt that there's been parts of yourself that have been challenged I don't feel sitting with you today that you know I I don't know you before I don't know you after I've only met you today so I I can't judge who you are or what you enjoy I all I can say is that when I'm sitting with you today I feel like I'm sitting with an authentic individual and your energy comes across very easily thank you do you feel like you've had to hold on to that at times with opportunities challenges the industry or or is that all stuff that we kind of make up in our heads and it's actually just be yourself and you're fine I really don't know the answer to that question I I I've definitely walked away from a lot and I think had I not walked away from certain situations let's just put it at that I would be a very different person today I've been really good at keeping in touch with my friends keeping my family close listening to the lessons not getting caught up in the Hollywood hype like I really am a massive fan of making movies but I really do not like Hollywood it is not for me that the business really scares me I understand that I'm a part of that business and I enjoy my kind of interactions with it but that said I am always looking for ways to kind of remove myself from it to kind of just live as normal a life as possible today doing this is a very rare thing for me to do like in London to come in and speak to someone about my life is something I would not typically do but because I'm a fan of yours and I was Keen to kind of hear what you had to say and and chat to you today I felt like this would be a safe space for me to do that um but yeah I definitely think it has been an ongoing thought which is Don't Lose Yourself I've seen so many people come before me and lose themselves and I've had friends that I've grown up with that aren't friends of mine anymore because they've lost themselves to this business and I just am really really Keen to focus on what makes me happy which is my family it's my friends it's my carpentry my golf um the charity that my mom runs like that is the stuff that makes me really happy and that's the stuff that I should protect my relationship is the thing that I keep most sacred I don't talk about it I I try my my best to keep it as private as possible we both feel very strongly that that is the healthiest way for us to to move on as a couple um so I do try to keep as removed from it as possible like you'll never see me at an award show that I don't have to be at I'm never going to a red carpet event that I'm not in the film of you know I don't want the attention when I don't need it I love the spotlight I love the pressure that comes with it just watch that tennis documentary breaking point I haven't seen it yet I love you got see it it's amazing I never realized how brutal tennis was I've always been a huge tennis lover I am now absolutely in awe of what those athletes go through but there's a quote from Billy Jean King that's on the um stand at her Stadium in New York that says pressure is a privilege and that is so true like oh my God feeling pressure on a daily basis in the capacity that we feel is such a privilege I love feeling pressure I feel like I thrive Under Pressure the best golf I've ever played in my life is when there are cameras around and people are watching I just think that that is a real amazing thing to be able to experience so I enjoy it while I can and then when it becomes a bit much I kind of become a bit of a recluse and I disappear I come back to Kingston I play golf I play tennis I hang out with my friends and my family do the pub quiz and and all that sort of stuff yeah um so yeah so it is something I actively try to do as I get older it only gets easier yeah yeah absolutely yeah and and I I can I can relate to that where in in my in my small way or in my world where a lot of my friends think like I'm in La like always at events always at Pi I'm I'm not I'm like in bed by 9:30 p.m. and I only live there because it works for me in the world that I do and what I do and sure and and I enjoy living in LA but it's it I don't live there for Hollywood and I think that's often the perception as well I was like oh you're all Hollywood now and I'm like well no not really like I I don't re I don't really go to all the events and Gatherings and stuff unless I need to be there or I'm connected to a project so so I relate to that what you mentioned a few things there but if I had to ask you is Tom when do you feel most yourself like when do you feel most connected or and what are you trying to reconnect to if you're like well I know what it is but I'm still figuring it out again I think what I feel most myself is to do in my relationship so I'm going to leave that and not talk about that absolutely but I think the other thing and this is such a stupid thing but it's when I'm playing good golf like there's something about how go golf is the most humbling sport in the world it doesn't matter who you are doesn't matter how much money you've got how successful you are golf will batter you no matter who you are and I love that's what I love about it you know you it's such a leveling sport I love going to a golf course and meeting new people that I've never played with before playing around a golf I struggle when I don't play badly like I've got a bit of a temper and like you're supposed to have 14 clubs in your bag I currently have nine and you can probably guess why um but I I just love being outside I've always been an outdoorsy person I love being on the golf course I love my mates they all love playing golf there's just something about the challenge of shooting lower than your lowest score that really kind of takes my mind off of the work the interesting thing about golf is that you could be having a terrible day you could be really upset about something and if you play really well you completely forget about it if you play really badly you then are playing badly because of what's happening outside of golf it's like a really weird kind of Catch 22 I guess um but I love it I think when I'm playing good golf is when I feel most like myself yeah wow that's that's that's a unique answer but I get it saying yeah I've only ever played golf like twice in my life right and I totally get the point of how humbling it is is horrendous no matter how quickly you pick up other things in life golf is not one of those things that you pick up that easily you can sign the biggest deal of your life and go out to play golf to celebrate and it will ruin your day like absolutely ruin day don't go out to play golf to celebrate out to celebrate no crazy do you play do you still play any sport I love playing football when I'm back here so that's one of the things my mates know that when I'm back in London we're going to play a game where do you play well we just we we will just play on like a seven aside pitch or a five aside pitch like close to Northwest London which is where most my mates are so like store edgear Watford that's like where all my main mates are and so we'll just go rent a pitch kick a boil about I'm not any good anymore but I still got the full kit and the socks all that kind I always look dressed bro I've actually got Neymar's kit like from him wow so you best believe I show up to five as side in his full kit I love it I love it is it signed by him too no it's not signed by that's just yeah that's just his kid we went on a lad's holiday to Portugal recently to play golf and at the resort we were staying at the the people were so nice they said let's have an England versus Portugal football match there was like I think there was eight of us and there was a bunch of Brits that were working at the resort so they kind of joined our team and we literally did England versus Portugal is a full-size pitch we did 60 Minutes 30 minutes each way I'm fit I train every day I absolutely love my fitness I really really like I'm into it by the end I could not make Five Paces without my legs cramping up they are so fit these football players it's unbelievable and we won and it's so funny how the first 10 minutes of the game was really friendly like soft fouls sorry mate like your free kick and by the end it was Savage it was really intense wow at least you won though we won I got an assist it was actually a glorious assist as well actually I just I pinged the ball over the top my brother made a run and it bounced and he managed to get his foot to it and he chipped the keeper and scored it was but there's no footage there there's no footage no proof yeah no proof yeah no proof I sometimes think when the whole no proof thing like we had the craziest experience of my life the other day I'll tell you about it because our lives are so crazy like there's no why would I lie but the other day we went swimming with killer whales in Mexico I said the other day it was last year and it was one of the most humbling experiences of my life there's no proof of it there's no evidence because it was so off the cuff we weren't planning on doing it so most people I tell are like you definitely didn't do that but we we were in we were in Mexico and we were on a boat and we just so happened to see this pot of Ora Jack my security guard thought it' be a good idea to jump in he jumped straight in flippers on goggles on and we were driving to keep up with the Wales cuz they were kind of following our boat so by the time Jack had jumped in he was like this he was like 100 m away and you could see him and the whales were like swimming around him so I'm starting to freak out cuz he's a good friend of mine and he's your security and he's my security I'm like Jack we got to get back to the hotel bro um so I said to the guy like excuse me sir can you turn around and go and get my friend CU we now can't see him anymore like he's gone we found him we got him back in the boat and he sort of said like Lads you have to get in there it's unlike anything you've ever seen before my brother Harry's like Googling whether or not it's safe to swim with them and it's sort of the general consensus online is don't go swimming with killer whales you can there's never been a recorded tack in the wild but they are wild animals big as a bus and also Jack's giving it like don't worry Tom I'll be there I'll look after you I'm like Jack what are you going to do bro like what's this this whale decides to eat me so anyway we put the flippers on put the goggles on we find the whales they're sort of interacting with the back of the boat they're clearly curious and I just thought like I guess it goes back to what you're saying the mode of ignorance I just was like I'm going to try it and see what happens I jumped in my brother jumped in Jack jumped in we kind of came together with 30 miles out of the coast so it's literally like dark blue water nothing below us and to my relief the whales had gone we couldn't see them so I'm sort of thinking oh well that that's actually a bit of a touch at least I can say I jumped in and they have gone but then Jack said look down and we looked down and it came from beneath us and what has been such an interesting experience for me was as soon as I saw the whale I wasn't scared anymore because I could just tell that it wasn't going to eat me you I don't know I don't know how to explain it but you could just see from its body language I remember it so vividly it swam up to us it was maybe 10 met below us and it was kind of motionlessly sort of just looking at us and then it kind of rolled on its back it did this weird thing where it kind of put its head like this and you could see it's eye like we were having this crazy like moment and then it just swam off and it was gone and then for 3 hours afterwards I couldn't speak I had the biggest adrenaline dump I just basically was asleep but it was such an amazing experience to sort of meet the apex predator of the world and it kind of look at you and just swim away most people don't believe me because I believe there's no evidence but it was I think about it now and then as you know what it's so funny as well I see these I like our planet there's there's more footage of orkers hunting and another way in which they hunt there is no way I would do that again there's no way I'd get in there again but yeah it Wasing hearing you explain it is like you're so present yeah like you can tell that you're just you were so present in that moment like you stopped thinking about like I we you know if I told this Afters no one's going to believe me or whatever it is you're just like wait a minute yeah you know nature makes you present like that and and that's what I love about nature is it's completely unbiased as well like if that whale wanted to have a snack then you know it's not looking at you going oh no but that's a famous person I got a leave him alone or it just you are at one with Mother Nature we are in the middle of the ocean there's nothing we could do and we just were able to enjoy somewhat maybe like being in the cave like you were saying it was just about us and this way my brother and I were holding hands but then as soon as it presented itself to us any stress just dissipated and it was just this unbelievable experience and it was so leveling it was so humbling that it makes me feel like I can take on certain things so it was honestly even thinking about the experience now my heart is racing yeah yeah I can imagine yeah it was it was wild yeah it was a cool experience unbelievable that's that's an incredible experience and it is different from the cave though because I do think it's it's different when you're with with another living being sure and so that's what I found like my my closest experience to what you're talking about is I went tracking with well looking for mountain gorilla in Rwanda last year oh that's top of my list I would love to do that okay yeah we we should do it I would do that again any day because it was unbelievable so you're not again these gorillas are not like in a park or something in they're Mountain Gilla they're in their world and you go and look for them and there's no tagging devices or any t there's people who have watched the gorilla for so many years that they know where their droppings are they know where families hang out they know what their routines are so depending on what time you're going out there's someone who's just around them who's calling their friend U calling your guide saying walk this exactly just just to make it very very clear that you know the mon the gorilla is being treated very well uh so you're literally looking around and you could be on the lookout for them for like two to 6 hours you may not find them you're just hiking I love that that you might not find yeah you might not find them so we found them in 2 hours one group that we heard about cuz you go in smaller groups of like 10 the other group that we were friends with they took eight hours to find gorillas but they saw them too and when I went I was kind of like oh we're going to see one gorilla whatever like they're going to be far away like I was a bit skeptical because I didn't know how it was going to be and it was incredible because we looked around for two hours and I'll show you the video afterwards but we got and we just saw them like hanging out kind of like how I'm looking at everyone here just hanging out still and then all of a sudden and they all started walking together and there was a family of 20 gorillas and you got two silver backs that are like you know they're like their fists are like just huge yeah exactly and and it was really interesting because the guides who were there with us they said to us that when you go close to them kind of like and this is why I remembered it and why I'm telling you it's because when you were talking about the way the whale looked at you and it was kind of like you knew it wasn't going to eat you yeah yeah yeah and so they were saying that when you get close to these gorillas the only thing you can't do is you can't touch their kids and you can't touch them going to drop something near their kids and then try get it back because they'll think you're trying to harm their kids totally but what they recommended was they said you had to make this sound when you see them and this sound means we come in peace and so the sound was so that's you have to make that sound I was all right this is some Disneyland stuff whatever I like I'm not believing this stuff like whatever like I was all I'm going to play around with them and so I'm walking around so we go to the gorilla and we get close to them and I made that sound cuz we were told they were like make that sound and then the gorilla did it back and it was just unbelievable and then there was this one moment where we were walking and we were literally surrounded by Gorilla and now I was getting it and that's when I was like a bit scared because they were like all around us and like literally if they ran at you like I'm done you nothing you can do nothing nothing you can do and so we're walking they're walking around us and this massive silver bat came up so I'm my business manager was with me as well and so he's there he's like my godfather in La like he really takes care of me very close to him and so this big um this big gorilla that walks behind him and I'm looking at him going oh man like he stopped and we're all looking at him because he's got this massive silver back behind him and I'm and we're all like how do we tell them to move and the guy's like just be still like just you know be really present like you can't freak out and the gorilla went wow behind him and he moved out the way and just walked past and it was just it was that same presence that you're feeling that I felt with that's what I mean the living being with another living being is is spectacular so do you think that level of ease comes from the helpless nature of being in the presence of an animal that could do to you whatever they want to like I think part of the reason why I felt so calm when the whale had come up was because there was nothing we could do should it go sideways yeah and I think being almost finding that kind of inner piece of like I've made my mind this is the choices I've made I'm here now there's nothing I can do it's almost like you should make peace with your choices I guess yeah I don't know no no no I think that's I think you've actually taken it somewhere really beautiful m i I think for me as well it's humility yeah that's what and like when you when you meet someone new rarely are we humble sure we we often feel the pressure to be like oh look at who I am or like you know or we're trying to create even if it's not out of ego there's a certain sense of like wanting to gain people's like and respect no matter what I do this whale or gorilla is not going to like or respect me so I just be humble about it and pce as you said and it levels you and it levels you and it and it allows that human being that that being also of course it's not you know of course we're not re there's no we're not recommending that you just go into these places yeah but the idea being that I do think there's something magical about nature where humility is kind of Nature's Way MH and it is that what you're saying that when you're at peace with your choices is and you're at peace with here we are here I am I can't do anything and guess what it's okay right that's what I'm saying yeah it's somewhat sort of like I've made a decision if the decision is a mistake you got to live with it CU you made it I guess I want to talk about um Sports cuz I was think so I play a lot of tennis play a lot of football play a lot of pickle ball now you play a l pickle because that's that's become a thing but but I'm massively more into paddle I don't you ever I love paddle tennis I love paddle padd tennis is so I want that to blow up the us but it's not going to so when I went to Dubai and I went to Miami and I went to Madrid cuz big in Spain M are they playing it here yeah my local Tennis Club has got two courts and like you can't book them they're so sold out all right honestly paddle tennis I love tennis yeah I think tennis is one of the best sports in the world and I think that you know they are the highest performing athletes some of in the world but it's really hard tennis like I find unless I'm playing with someone who's much better than me I don't play well yeah like I really I I need to be chasing someone yeah paddle tennis is so social it's it's easy to have great rallies you still get the the uh the satisfaction of really smacking a ball cuz pickle is it's all about placement and and trying to kind of one up your opponent whereas playing at the kitchen and just ex why is it called a kitchen I have no idea and I that's so I play pickle like paddle right cuz I'm I'm like no I'm it's nonsense like why I do like cool um but paddle tennis padd's amazing next time yeah yeah paddle paddle one of my favorite favorite I was in Dubai with a client for work for months a couple of years back I played it every day for three months great just yeah it's the best workout the most fun like time just flew is amazing but I was bringing it back to sports because I was saying I was saying you know you you personally tried to recruit mbappe for Tottenham I did yeah and and I just thought that was amazing because I was like I've never seen this ever happen before where you know someone's using their clout in the right way listen I saw him I'm a mad Tottenham fan and I just thought now's my chance and he said no the deal didn't go through no signing bonus for myself that was a crazy trip that going to the Balon door we were there for Spider-Man Spider-Man was coming out I'm not really sure how that was promo for Spider-Man but like it was part of our trip for some reason but it was amazing meeting these players and and I admire them so much it's incredible when you can notice other athletes and other greatness and I see that at the top we talk we've talked a lot today about and and you're really good at this like you really I feel like I feel like you're quite tuned into like admiring and observing greatness and like the 1% and and trying to figure out what they're doing differently and I think that's one of the things I've definitely seen of the 1% is that there's a humility in that they have the ability to appreciate other people's greatness and skills and values and purpose like they're not looking at it going I'm the best of all time sure there part of them they they may have to say that for the cameras or they may have to say that before they go on the pitch but actually if you talk to them and you ask them about someone else they'll be like yeah best best player I've ever seen like they're incredible and so who did you admire growing up in acting who do you admire today like who have been the people that and maybe on a mindset level or maybe on a or or a performance level as well there are definitely performances of people that I look up to there are there are the types of careers of certain actors that I really admire there are also like the the types of lives that certain people lead that I really admire and that I really aspire to sort of be like um I tend to let all of my admiration go towards athletes I'm just so blown away by what they can do Under the pressure that they're under me as an actor I realize that my job is a high press job because it reaches millions of people but that said there are so many people that help me get to where I need to be MH I get picked up someone makes me breakfast someone writes the words that I'm supposed to say someone chooses my costume someone does my hair and makeup someone sets the camera up ultimately I walk onto set and I do my bit but I'm a small part in a massive machine but when you look at someone like jovic or federa or you know this new alcaraz you or the golfers or or Lewis Lewis is slightly different because Formula 1 is so much about the team and the car and all that sort of stuff they have to do it themselves at a certain point there's only so much help they can get but then when they walk onto that court for the first time when they walk into the ring or into the octagon it's them by themselves they're under that amount of pressure it's up to them whether they deliver or not and I just have always been admiring of seeing some of the greats lose their win streak and come back even stronger I've always really been an admirer of people that are able to do that I think it's a Folly when you see these win streaks of 50 and0 and all that sort of stuff and you're like well that to me is isn't what a champion is a champion is someone who had it all lost it all and got it right back again Tyson Fury story is a crazy one I'd love to see AJ come back and be on top again because I'd love to be alive to witness that Legacy that he would leave behind you know I feel sorry for him what happened to him when he sort of seemed to really lose it a little bit in the ring when he took the microphone and I'd love to see him back on top and to to have some clarity and To Be A Champion again CU I admire him as an athlete so I save most of my admiration for athletes and musicians I love musicians I see someone like Ed Sheeran 80,000 people in the palm of his hand I think comedians are equally as talented the ability that they can just go on stage and make people laugh that terrifying actors for me because it's what I do it's like you know yeah yeah I get I get what you're saying I get what you're saying and and at the end of the day it's just it's it's taking what you can from from what you Aspire for right like you you can take something from all these people and and what I love about it some of these people you know some of these people you don't but I always say to people who are listening and watching that you can be mentored by people you've never met you're right totally and I think that's a really important skill to gain because I think we live in a world right now where somewhat access become easier and we always think we need access to people directly in order to learn from them but you don't know everyone you've just mentioned even though you may know a couple of them closely and and same with me like I was really fortunate you know growing up as a teenager I got into to like Martin Luther King's work and Malcolm X's work and I was reading crazy stuff at that age but it had a massive impact on my mindset I never met all those people and obviously would never have got the opportunity to do that but I feel mentored by them without ever having sat in the same room as them because you study like how they made decisions and you study what they said and what they wrote what they stood for what they stood for and how and and and the parts that you don't hear through history the parts that were actually more difficult and the parts where they weren't the perfect hero right and so all of that kind of stuff but Tom before we go to the final five you've been so gracious with your time today I have to ask you if if you want to clarify the Harry Kane situation because I'll tell you what the reason why I say this is I had the dream so I'm a Manchester United Support everyone in my community knows that very well right uh I have always had the dream that Harry Kane when Wayne Rooney retired Harry Kane was going to come to Manchester United Okay and he was going to follow in the footsteps of all the great England forwards that have played at Manchester that didn't happen I'm still holding on to that dream but you want him to go somewhere else well listen listen let me just clarify right I love Harry Kane I love humon humon is my favorite football player he is a hero I love Tottenham I'm a big Tottenham fan but I just I know that those players could Thrive and have the best careers everwhere else I just want to see I want to see Harry lifting a trophy and I want to see son there by him and and and I just don't think you're rooting for the individual yeah yeah I'll always be a Tottenham fan you know I love being a Spurs fan my brother Harry and I you know we've really pondered over it but I I just you know Harry Kane's one of the best strikers in the world and um he would fit into almost any team and I'd love to see him on top yeah and I interesting question do you think he would have had a similar season to harand had he gone to see oo oh that's uh I I personally think CU I think harland's amazing I I think Harland with his age his strength and his mentality you know what's crazy about Harland is I saw this interview and you know obviously it it hurts me to say it but City and all but when Harland did this interview he just scored like I can't remember which game it was he's unbelievable SC he scored like five goals that game and he was like I should have had seven and and the interview was like come on though take some credit like you scored five goals and he was like yeah I'm I'm happy with that but he goes you know there a couple of assists that should have gone in and I thought that mentality you know that's a Winner's mindset that's a Winner's mindset I was like he was he knew exactly which opportunities he missed and I was like so I think it's an AE thing I think it's a strength thing I feel like harland's kind of like I've always compared harand to like Ivan Drago like he was made in a lab right right right he was made like he was manufactured to be this incredible talent and think City's good with like he he admit like he scores a lot of tappins and I think that's his game yeah but there's no on a scorecard you know in a good way I'm say I'm saying he's been built in that way and City play that way I don't know if Kane's a tapping guy like he his SC his goals have generally been a bit more diverse in that sense magic yeah magic is the way I describe Kane yeah no I I love him and obviously it's a typical thing of like the Press are out saying oh Tom Holland's begging Kane to leave I'm not begging him to leave I love that he's at our club because I'd be terrified to see where we'd be without him but I just love to see him have the career I know he could have what do you think of Jude Bellingham to Madrid I think that's a great move I love that just want everyone to do love that and what's what's interesting is that all of my friends in Spain are from Barcelona I have one friend from Madrid I've always been a big barcel supporter because I used to go to Barcelona all the time as a kid I had a few weekends where I'd say to my mom and dad I'm going to my friend's house and I would go to Barcelona how did you pull that off man just sneaky bro if I told my Indian parents that I was like they know the D tone straight away I got caught my mom called me up and was like where are you I was I was trying to say I was on my friend's house she said no you're not cuz I'm here and I was in Lam Blas in Barcelona um but I just I just love players I think Jude Bam's amazing and you know I just love to see what he could do there I think it's the thing for me is I love Legacy I love seeing what players can do I'm less about the teams it's what I love about tennis or golf you know it's not about the team it's about the player so I would just love to see what he could do there and you know I'm sure one day we'll see England raise a trophy and and we've got such a great young team and and um I admire them all but yeah I think it's a great move for him he's only 19 or something like that it's insane yeah he's 19 that's wild incredible he's a year older than my brother Paddy that's mental mate you've been amazing today honestly this is yeah this has been some of the most fun I've had in a long time me too thank you I appreciate it I want to ask we ask everyone the final five and so these are the fast five questions which means answers have to be one word to one sentence maximum no more than that done okay uh and you don't have to write or spell them out so so no no no problem be a long be a long none of that all right so Tom Holland these are your final five uh question one what is the best advice you've ever received to turn your nerves into excitement I like that that we've never had that on the show I love that all right second question what is the worst advice you've ever received move to LA get a marijuana license and buy a hot tub who told you that Mark wber that's brilliant no he told me that honor chat shows I don't know if that was legit advice but I didn't take his advice okay good well who would you have been if you took that advice who knows who knows know um all right question number three what's the first thing you do every morning and the last thing you do every night make my bed it's the first thing I do and the last thing I do before I go to bed admittedly is I check my emails which I shouldn't do but that is what I do yeah it's bad yeah we asked that just to make you aware of what you need to change I do need to change that making my bed is a good start I used to never do that and now like my first thing I do is I make my bed that's like my first challenge of the day it's a good it's an easy one to get done question four what's something you're trying to learn at the moment I'm currently taking golf lessons and uh we see a trend here it's not going very well where where are you at at the moment thing is with golf is that the golf swing is a very very particular thing so in order to get better you do have to take quite a few steps backwards I've taken maybe 25 sets backwards but I will I will benefit from it eventually are you doing it every day every day not lessons every day but I practice every day I've always said that to my wife I was like I want to go away for a month and I want to get a Traer I'm going to play golf every single day only way i' yeah that's the only way I had a really so one of my clients took me to pxg in Arizona which is like this beautiful place Bob Parson's place and I had a coach there for two days and I was like half decent after two days cuz the coach was so good yeah and when I got back to LA I tried to get a coach and I couldn't find a good one and then I had a coach that literally he came highly recommended but it didn't work out for me he he didn't let me take like 0.7 of a swing before he gave me feedback and I was like I just need to hit a few like I need to kind of just and it was like every time I was about to hit the board be like NOP sure sure sure I was like I just need to kind of like get a feel for it and so the guy I go to is a guy called James Heath okay and he does most of his teachings off of feel so it's not about numbers it's not about results it's more about how do you feel he he calls it the feels so like I'm working on twisting my hips more in my back swing and will say to me how does that make you feel like physically where do you feel the stretch where do you feel the pain where do you feel the pinch that's what I need you to feel and I coming from a dancers background that's a really great way for me to learn because everything in dancing is about feel yeah um so if you need a great teacher in London James Heath is than you thank you shout out James Heath yeah shout out James Heath Fifth and final question if you could create one law that everyone else in the world had to follow what would it be um I don't know I don't know what one law would solve the most amount of problems what would you say curious I'd probably go to something you said earlier if if I'm giving a genuine answer like a real answer is I really wish there was a Life School oh man like I I that would be it because I'm not saying that would solve all the problems in the world but it would set people up and when I say life school I mean emotional Mastery I mean 100% egoo master I mean the ability to be kind and empathetic and vulnerable and compassionate and create spaces I think a life school that taught you how to be non-judgmental and non-critical of others without understanding them I think that's what I mean by life school so not just the like paying taxes and bills and stuff but but the Life School of like well what if what if we didn't have to live in a world where we just said everything we wanted to and did everything we wanted to and got away with it and you know but I think life the life lesson for me should be basic health and CPR and basic first aid training it should be like you said creating an environment at school where young people feel more comfortable talking about themselves what they're going through you know things that might be happening at home or things that are happening at school like I think that that would be an amazing way for us to be more expressive and more comfortable expressing and again like I know I keep going back to it but it's about what my show is about which is you should feel empowered when asking for help it should be something that you're proud of like you're recognizing that you have an issue it might be an internal issue it might be an external issue but you are seeking help which I think is very admirable yeah absolutely yeah I do encourage and recommend everyone go what's the crowded room I I personally loving it with my wife honestly like I I barely watch TV shows if I'm completely honest and uh it's because I I like something that makes me think and reflect and you know and entertain me at the same time sure and and I think it does a brilliant job of doing all three like it's gripping I'm like trying to figure out what's going on next at the same time I'm like it's it's amazing watching you being able to be this very different character to what we know you as and that's really impressive so even on like even on a performance level I'm like I'm forgetting that you are Spider-Man nice right like and that's that's that's how I watch movies where I'm like can I forget who this person is and or are they playing a caricature of themselves obviously and with you I'm like I don't even think to think it's you right right right right now I'm talking to you and I've been watching the show I'm like oh it's not even the same person sure and and that is really really impressive on a performance standpoint so well thank you so much appr on that yeah thank you m thank you if you love this episode you'll love my interview with Kobe Bryant on how to be strategic and obsessive to find your purpose our children have become less imaginative about how to problem solve and parents and coaches have become more directive and trying to tell them how to behave versus teaching them how to behave

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChrisRamsay52 [20000 likes]: Hearing that Tom watches my videos to unwind absolutely brightened my day! Thanks for this incredibly insightful interview.
  2. @JenBeth-o5e [1 likes]: Tom you fellas are very lucky to be alive getting into the water surrounded by Killer Whales. OMG
  3. @Thelioness66-r7u [1 likes]: I can’t understand if have a not solid economy people have 4 children. Having children goes together with your economy. Period.
  4. @Thelioness66-r7u [1 likes]: If you are a celebrity you will always be followed, photographed, inventing stories. So you embrace it with respect or you stay at home.
  5. @Fatmasari58 [1 likes]: Tom needs to meet Allah and Islam. All the things he feels and does are actually part of the beautiful values of Islam. May Allah guide him to the right path.
  6. @blessingfidelis2237: Loved this 🫶🤍
  7. @VanessaVictor-vv22: He is so kind and mature ❤❤❤
  8. @lidadeordita6184: I really loved the series The Crowded Room.
I was genuinely amazed by how deeply and multifaceted Tom Holland portrayed his character.

He didn’t just show different emotions — it felt like he lived through multiple states, and each one felt real. It didn’t feel like typical acting; it felt deep and very personal.

I saw him from a completely new perspective — more complex, strong, and vulnerable at the same time.
This is truly an impressive performance that stays with you long after watching.
  9. @user-jk1qf3me2w: Regarding Iceland - tom is right - experts might not be able to help. There have been instances where the most seasoned experts themselves went in to places like glaciers and caves and never came out. Iceland is a very tricky even if beautiful place that way.
  10. @illuniver: I don't know guys, but I've been listening to the podcast because I like podcast with interesting topics.
  11. @HelloItIsMe-r9f: Critics thought the Crowded Room was terrible???
  12. @JenBeth-o5e: The best interview I've seen in ages. LOVED. :)
  13. @sandraberg2390: Gemini❤
  14. @Kabc-k7v: 1:00 🤪👣👣🦿🦿🦶🦶
  15. @trudj.gaming7545: So crazy I watch @chrisramsay52 to it’s just so calming if it’s a lot of brain focusing on one thing so it makes you forget the rest of stress
  16. @nickshepley2566: 11:23 The media are bullies, always have been always will be
  17. @aathompson19: This has been the most enjoyable episode of your show that I've seen, I did not want it to end.❤
  18. @sukhmanpreetsingh07: half of time i was trying to figure out who is the interviewer here. LOVE HOLLAND !
  19. @Prod_Glinskiy: 1:16:14 1:16:57
  20. @xflowpj: https://youtube.com/shorts/cn4tZxacE2k?si=XNtsO2ORIYwXLy2A

- Howie Mandel on Battling Severe Anxiety and OCD: “I’m Living in a Nightmare” | PEOPLE: Kind: captions Language: en i've made it my life's mission beyond you know my own personal it's my own personal soapbox is to kind of remove the stigma of mental health and talk about it and whether i talk about it within the context of being funny and entertaining or whether i just talk about it like i'm talking to you today or i've always talked to my children it's um actually because i have adhd i forgot what the did question really i really did what was i saying [Music] for me it was such a joy the fact that this is something that i got to share with her you have no idea how special this is for me the hardest part of the i mean everybody's gone through a lot this year but the hardest part for me was to be away from my kids she i didn't see her for like in person i didn't sit with her like this for over a year i mean we're both and we'll talk about that but we're both incredibly neurotic and she didn't come out of her you didn't come out of your house for a year right no it was really really hard it was also really hard because i think a lot of people a lot of people know that he has ocd and he's suffering with this i don't think as many people know that i suffer with the same issues and i have anxiety that sometimes leads to depression and a lot of it has to do with germs also and so it was hard for me and i also work with a therapist every week to try to get myself out there and go back into the world i mean this is the first time i've been around anyone other than my family while howie mandel and his oldest daughter jackie schultz were keeping their social distance throughout the pandemic they remained in constant communication and their regular phone calls ultimately led to the launch of their new comedy podcast howie mandel does stuff which they've been hosting together since april hi everybody this is uh beloved howie mandel and his daughter jacqueline schultz we're going to be doing a lot of fun stuff we're going to do prank calls i'm gonna have my celebrity friends on i'm gonna go look for jobs i'm going to uh do things that have never been done on the airwaves before the reason that we even came up with the podcast was because we we would spend hours every day i just need to be connected to my kids more than anything so we would spend hours on the phone every day and just trying to make each other laugh by doing prank calls or talking or giggling and my wife once walked in and said what what is this for like what are you doing what's all this no you're doing prank calls and what is this for and i for for us and then she said you should record it and now that's our podcast but that just came out of a necessity of trying to connect with my child the comedian actor tv host and now podcaster has also been an outspoken mental health advocate ever since his 2006 appearance on the howard stern show where howie first revealed his ongoing struggle with obsessive-compulsive disorder here's the thing about ocd you know people come up to me and they go i have a little bit of ocd and you can't have a little bit of ocd ocd are these intrusive thoughts that keep coming in so much that you have no control and you can't stop and those thoughts are so strong that it stops your life so and and to give you like if somebody shook my hand i could shake hands i don't shake hands i could shake hands but i'm afraid that if i get triggered if your hand is a little bit wet or moist or somebody and then i go and wash my hands that sticks into my head and then i go well i probably didn't wash it good enough i go back in and i scald it and then i walk out and i go i didn't get every inch of it and i go back in i could be on that loop for hours and miss an important appointment it sounds silly and it sounds crazy and it sounds silly and crazy to me and that makes it even worse because i'm intelligent enough to understand that what what is going on in my hand is not dangerous what is hap but i can't stop myself that's the obsession and the compulsiveness to do things the more debilitating the thought the more repetitive it becomes i think that's also the misconception about ocd like yours isn't necessarily just germs whatever enters his head that he can't get out and and i'm the same way it's not always about the pandemic in germs it's whatever enters your head you can't get out and it prohibits you from functioning and living totally shut you down like a skipping record i think the scariest thing too is knowing that it doesn't make sense like you legitimately know that what you're thinking and what you're doing is not making sense and you shouldn't be doing it and you can't stop yourself so that's that's kind of the scariest thing is being cognizant and aware and not being in control when all you want to do is control right and you know you like even yeah i'll go to yesterday you know it i try to anchor myself by saying you know i have a beautiful family who at the moment are healthy um i have a career that at the moment is going i'm doing everything that i love to do yet if anybody reading this could look at my life and i know they would go oh my god i would trade places in a heartbeat i would trade places with me in a heartbeat just if you put on the list that all the accomplishments and what i have in my life and yet i am in a devastatingly dark depression yesterday going like it doesn't even make sense but it's just it's painful to feel this way you know and it hurts all the time and there isn't i don't think i've gone 24 hours of my life now that i think back without a struggle you know i mostly good now and i've got like little coping mechanisms and things that i do and uh i'm surrounded by great loving people and a great family but it's it's not easy mine is not as steady mine comes in like flows depending on what's going on in my life and the world around me there's been times where i've been to therapy and i can't function and i go multiple times a week and there's times when i'm okay just checking in with my therapist but i think like really when this pandemic hit which happened to a lot of people and i'm not the only one like that's when my world got flipped upside down and also because i'm a mom who just wants what's best for her kids and i couldn't figure out how to cope with what i was going through much like him i didn't want to get out of bed i couldn't function and i have two little ones that are counting on me so i had to figure out like how do i function how do i still go through life my kids are counting on me especially now that they're home 24 7 i got to figure this out and that was the hardest for me because it's really really hard to figure out how to manage and cope with what you need to do and still be there for your family but i'm a proponent i don't think there's anybody alive that can function through life without help and we all go we we think it's good to go without help i've said this ad nauseam but your mental health should be looked at and be part of the curriculum like your dental health even when something doesn't bother you before this year you would go a couple times a year just to go get x-rays to get it clean to make sure that there's something in there we don't have as part of our curriculum where people can just talk to somebody and nobody nobody has all the tools there isn't anybody alive that doesn't need a coping skill but what always will work for absolutely everybody is being open that's why i wanted to do this is just being open just open and whether you talk to your mom whether you talk to your daughter whether you talk to your plumber whether you and keep talking i think that's the key you don't have to have ocd you don't have to have clinical depression you don't have to be diagnosed with anxiety there's nobody alive that at some point is not going to need help in coping and whether that coping is you know i'm so frustrated at work i like to go to the gym after that's a coping skill you know or i like to meditate or i just like to breathe or i need my alone time or i just want to put on my headset and listen to my music whatever that is or i need a tub of ice cream to get me through the whatever these are all coping skills and as the animals we are we need those because we don't cope well we don't howie grew up in toronto and was 21 years old when he went to his first comedy club on april 19 1977 a night he'll never forget they opened up a comedy club in toronto and i'd never seen stand-up comedy live and i went to the comedy club and uh i watched it the host of the club it was at yuck x in toronto said does anybody want to try their wares if you think you can do this get up on stage after midnight do your five minutes and somebody said you should do it howie and i went okay like i always do i always just say yes and if i thought anything funny was gonna come out of it was the fact that somebody was gonna go ladies and gentlemen howie mandel and i was gonna show up on stage and i'm not a comedian therein lies the joke and therein lies the end of what i believed would be my career like the 15 seconds of it'd be funny just to say on a dare i did that and what happened was i went backstage and somebody went mark breslin went ladies and gentlemen howie mandel and i walked out and you know they there was a smattering of applause i was blinded by the light of the spotlight and then um the applause ended and i looked down and i see faces and they're just sitting there these strange faces waiting for me to do oh my god it's so embarrassing and i remember this like it's yesterday because i've been trying to regain that moment ever you know ever since i got um terrified terrified because i just went this is embarrassing it's like being in that nightmare where you show up at a party in your underwear or whatever just that so now i'm standing in front in a group of strangers at with a microphone and i have nothing nothing there's no reason for me to be here and it's like inside me who's the joke on it's like and they're just looking at me and waiting and that terror just took over my whole body my whole being and if you look at videos from them you know from my act then um i started going okay okay all right okay okay all right all right what what what what and it was just a terror of trying to think of something trying to okay all right no no okay what what what and people started and i didn't under even understand i go what what what tell me what what what do you have man what are you laughing at okay all right oh please and they started laughing more and i go please don't laugh it's going to throw me and that got a bigger left and because i was out in public i always carried rubber gloves because i'd have to maybe use the men's room and i didn't want to touch so i was always at drugstores buying ppe so i put my hands on my pocket i was really scared i put my hands in my pocket i felt a rubber glove and i just took it out hey when you get home try this all right and i didn't know what to do and i took the rubber glove and i i pulled it over my head and pulled it past my nose and i was just breathing normally okay how many fingers am i holding up and i hear the audience is worried so i start blowing it up with my nose and it pops off my head the whole audience goes like that and i had enough wherewithal to go goodnight thank you you've been great and i went good night i walked off and mark breslin in the at the side he goes that was great you got to come back tomorrow and i went for what he goes you got to do it again i go do what what you did i didn't do anything but i went back every night and i got to tell you that night changed my life and that night gave me the coping skill that allows me to be here now and i'll tell you why because of that terror and i never felt more in the now you know i wasn't thinking about anything else i wasn't thinking about what could happen how embarrassing this is i wasn't thinking about something that did happen to me earlier in the day like these things are always swirling around in my mind you know if i can't just sit blankly that's why i can't sit with qua if you leave me with my own thoughts it's a dark place so i've never been more alive and terrified my time on stage is that moment is that time that's where i'm most comfortable and again you know from that day on i went every night and that's 45 years ago probably but close to 45 years ago in 45 years up until last march 6th i don't think i ever spent the longest i was never on stage was two and a half weeks and this year has killed me because i don't have that live connection that's why i needed her let's do prank calls let's just hear somebody laughing just that like and it's a connection it's not only about making them laugh it's about just being in the room with somebody and kind of knowing and feeling a lot i just need something that keeps me busy and nothing keeps me in the now more than being on stage doing stand-up comedy so i you know they always say if you could just make one person smile you're doing your job what people don't know is that one person that i'm working on is me a lot of people ask me what it was like to have howie mandel as a father and it must have been so much fun because it was comedy all the time and a lot of the times it wasn't yeah no real comedy no no but did you know it was different than other people's houses i mean yeah remember we asked my friend natasha once yeah we asked my friend once um like is your family like this and she's like no like she's like straight up no so like i knew that other families were a little bit different and we were quirky i guess could be the word that you say but we didn't get along because it started like that and then you know we couldn't be closer but for five years as a teenager it kind of ripped us apart she hated me yeah no we didn't get we're best friends now i was a daddy's girl when i was a little girl but there was a time i think between my whole high school years that we did not get along at all and we fought every single day obviously when you're a teenage girl there's always going you want to be by yourself and you want to do your own thing and there was a lot of control issues i think especially with someone that has ocd and wants to control stuff it was tenfold when she became a teenager it was in my mind it was really hard to let go and a big issue for me personally is control of everything everything and anybody in my and and i don't allow that to get out of control and when it does get out of control i don't cope really well i i have trouble coping so there was a lot of control issues about me being safe knowing where i was even what did i touch what did i get into stuff like that so we had a lot of trouble getting along during those times i think that i started to understand that we are much more alike than we are different and perhaps that's the reason why we butt heads so much we both have these issues and we both need to do things a certain way and both of us when we get something in our head like there's no stopping us it takes over our life and it controls us and like he said you can't really move on so that was a big struggle and when i started to realize that then we started to be able to deal with each other and we also went to therapy and stuff like that to figure it out and i think also having kids and becoming a mom made me realize even more about how much he actually cared about me and how everything that we went through together was because of his love for me whether it was the right reaction all the time or the wrong reaction it didn't matter i feel actually like i'm very fortunate because i had my dad who is very open about his issues very open about going to therapy very open about talking about it and erasing the stigma so right away whenever i was upset or sad or depressed or anxious or having a bad day i knew that i can talk about it and reach out and there wasn't going to be a stigma and there's someone that i can go see so that's the benefit of having that i didn't really ever feel alone because i had my dad to tell me you know people go through this and it's something that you just have to take care of so it was helpful growing up with him while both howie and jackie continue to work on their mental health they both agree nothing can brighten their day quite like family i'm 65 years old and i feel like i'm broken you know but watching my grandchildren is the most joy the most light the most uh comforting the the only thing that matters to me in my life is my welcome and my kids but the grandkids i i've never experienced anything like this in my you know and when they were allowed to come back into my into my life and i could just hold them you know which is counterintuitive to how i've always felt my life in my life but the fact that i can hold them i don't care about anything else in the world so the the light in my life are my children and grandchildren that's the sunshine that's worth you know this pain going through this pain and keep enduring this pain for that sunshine but i do feel like i'm very broken i am very fortunate to have my kids which are not only a distraction but they reinforce that i'm doing okay because they're so amazing so every time i look at them and they're you know they're just being them i i mean i'm a proud mom so i think they're the best kids in the world but every time i look at them i'm like okay like not doing that bad i must be doing something okay because i have these two beautiful kids so that's reassuring to me in itself but i'm not not really okay i'm still working on it and i still go to therapy weekly sometimes more than once a week so i'm not there yet yeah but you're here now and that's the key it's not about being there it's about being here and that's really in in this particular moment as we sit here we are together we're here and nothing is horrible that doesn't mean later on in the afternoon i won't feel any you know impending darkness or i did as i did yesterday but you know life is like a hike it really is i don't know what this analogy is leading to no no no but it is no but like life is like a high can you imagine what it's like being his daughter i get so many analogies there's a lot of talking too no but it's just but tell me if you like this one okay life is like a hike you know people go on a little and it's like beautiful there's so many things to see but sometimes it's really tough and you you you could stop but you want to climb you know and now you're on a you're on a ledge and you know you feel like i just can't i give up but you want to get to that waterfall you want to get to that thing but sometimes and sometimes and this is the bigger problem i think that you know an experienced hiker makes their way and knows the path and we're gonna go this and knows how hard it is most people are inexperienced hikers nobody's experienced life before we're all going through it together in real time so you may have taken a hard path you know you don't know what that path leads if you just go to some place you may have taken the steepest most dangerous scariest hottest wettest path there is and that's what mental health is and then that doesn't mean you give up and you die you wave through how do you do that how do you you know you preserve your water you preserve you cover yourself against the heat you distract yourself you look at your compass you get whatever those coping skills to get to the end of your hike but life is a beautiful hike but it's really hard

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drea711 [6 likes]: Both of my young adult children have diagnosed OCD and anxiety.  It is such an incredibly misunderstood disorder, and much more complex than being a ‘clean freak’ or ‘perfectionist’.  
When my youngest first developed intrusive thoughts, it was so stressful and upsetting for her that she had a nervous breakdown and had to be hospitalized.
  2. @jamesdriskill5784: Anxiety and stress wreck your body
  3. @abijahdixon2771: I should do that for my for my social anxiety😂 it keeps me from so much in life....I also have adhd and it makes me funny and I love to make people laugh but I can't deal with stress at all..
  4. @RussellWorkman: you're not an animal dude....
  5. @SuperGreycloud: I remember Howie and his early years, big crush.
  6. @shanegreenhalgh1104: I love their podcast
  7. @tracya.schneider7698: I appreciate these two bringing this up...BUT, think about those who have these same issues who are poor, middle class...not able to create a podcast/show that Howie and his daughter can create.  We NEED TO UNDERSTAND that Howie & his daughter and people of wealth ~ while they are helpful bringing these mental health issues to the fore ~ People who have wealth can afford therapy, babysitters or nannies.  People who do not have insurance or family close by...those who suffer from mental health issues don't have a lot of options...they NEED to care for their children, pets, family, parents...they do not have any financial help to fall back on to take a break.
  8. @willoren3469: It's called self control....... 
Christ is the answer
  9. @allisonwaters716: OCD doesn’t have to destroy your life
  10. @teresaperezmendez7466: I know I have OCD even if it’s undiagnosed. I’ve had it since I was 14 years old and I’m now 25 years old . 😢 it’s pure O . It’s a lot better now and it comes and goes . When I’m busy etc I don’t even see the thoughts pop up and they don’t actually at all . But when it’s slow and lonely it gets dark again etc :/ . I now see that I can’t sit at an office all day . I need to be moving around and rush
  11. @justmadeit2: Ocd can cause huge depression and insomnia in some
  12. @rossnufc5185: It takes me 30 to 40 minutes to leave the house because of checking the taps are turned off and the locks are locked but I don’t know if I have OCD, I know this isn’t normal though
  13. @blinkypushbuttons: People only care or believe a man. They do not care one iota or believe or listen to a woman with ocd. They think it's SO ADORABLE and heart warming when it's a man. They all cry with the man. They just make fun of women with ocd, dismiss, don't care. They think it's funny and they get off to her suffering. They literally beat off about how much she's hurting. TRUE STORY.
  14. @summerjonz: It warms my heart to know that the voice of adorable Gizmo also has OCD like me
  15. @KevinShipp1: This is helping so many people!
  16. @texastoast9629: Sounds like first world problems.
  17. @Chippy88: So true! I have true OCD just like you! I hate it when people think they have it and I wanted to say oh my God if you only knew. Thank you so much.
  18. @roboron: Thank You Howie!
  19. @irishboymalloy: While i have not been diagnosed with OCD i have been struggling hard with mental health issues and thais was a huge help
  20. @TerriLynn-j7e: I love Howie Mandel.

- Bill Hader Opens Up About Anxiety and What He’d Tell His Younger Self | NowThis: Kind: captions Language: en had really bad anxiety in whole life dealt with you know having to take everything from I if I knew there was a big test to getting on the school bus and doing that by myself or any of those things I just didn't think I would be able to do it and there was always a little voice in my head telling me here's all the things that could go wrong and as you get older that that sticks around and so when I was boy in my mid 30s was when I officially tried to do something about it because it was affecting my job as a performer on live television which is like for someone with massive anxiety that's a crazy job to have but I love my job so I was gonna figure out how to deal with this and what helped me was was learning that the it doesn't really go away you manage it and instead of pushing away your anxiety and I always imagined my anxiety as this little monster that would kind of attack my face or pull my ears or you know and instead of pushing that thing away and trying to fight it I would just go hey oh hey buddy you know it was like a little monkey and I would just gonna go okay here please sit on my shoulder so that my shoulder was hanging out let's just chill out you know there it is and so every time I would get nervous I would just become friends with it I know that sounds kind of corny maybe a little silly but it's true it it helped it kind of alleviate you know that that fear so I don't push it away put your arm around it and go oh there you are I knew you'd be there someplace let's go take that test let's go get on the bus let's figure it out and I wish I had done that when I younger I think I would have done better in school I think I would have a little bit better in social situations and I wouldn't have lived life afraid and so not fighting it you know that's a big thing and the other thing I learned was to take out the the narrative of it meaning oh my gosh I had a test I'm nervous because I have a test take out I have a test and just go oh I'm nervous and then you say oh I'm just nervous and just think about that just go I'm panicking right now I am anxiety and that's fine a lot of people have it and then you go oh okay that's all I have it okay but I don't have a test I don't have anything I'm just nervous and then it'll kind of this is me nervous I don't kind of go away but you can you can manage it and you can figure it out and and doing it when you're younger is the best is to have those tools when you're younger is is indispensable and I wish I had done it but if I can do it at the age of when I figured it out really was when I was 37 you guys can figure it out I think as well all right we got this [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @thatguyfrankie [10 likes]: It took me until the past few yrs to realize I had anxiety issues my whole life, not just as an adult. Im sure the situations I was put through as a kid made it worse, but now that I know it won't go away, as an adult, im forcing myself to train the way I think in a way that changes my perception of what gives me anxiety. And I have to say it's definitely helping.
  2. @joshuamarsella [4 likes]: I actually suffered a panic attack while watching IT Chapter 2 on Saturday afternoon. I walked out of the theater and passed out in the lobby on the floor. My PTSD was triggered during a very realistic scene and my body reacted in a flight response. It was pretty embarrassing but the theater gave us free movie passes to come back. It’s crazy how powerful anxiety and panic attacks are! I’m glad Bill shared his experience with us. Very brave of him! It’s not always easy to talk about.
  3. @txlee5513 [4 likes]: I like watching Bill Hader but I enjoy his interviews almost as much as his acting. Hang in there fellow anxious person. The world is richer because of you.
  4. @AB-it8hd [3 likes]: This reminds me of a Shaolin Monk video I watched when you tells us how he meditates, he says that his “Monkey mind” doesn’t know what to do when meditating and wants to think about everything but then he says he gives his “Monkey mind” a job to focus on his breathing while meditating instead of worrying what’s around him
  5. @alibaebee7675 [2 likes]: first off.. bill is a treasure.

i started battling anx. a couple yrs ago in my mid 20s.
i have soooooo much respect for all of us that suffer with it. thanks for bringing awareness on a relatable level. xx
  6. @BD-oc7fj [2 likes]: Thank you... I hope this helps
  7. @bilaltm9707 [2 likes]: Yep tomorrow s my test and I am in an same situation as his right now but thanks to him and the people who are working with him I got an serious answer thanks again.
  8. @judyarkwright7003 [1 likes]: Bill Hader the comedian from SNL!
  9. @MTLmunchies [1 likes]: love this, break the stigma, talk about the issues

thank you for sharing Bill!
  10. @thanosdidnothingwrong5158 [1 likes]: This was actually really helpful especially for me right now. Never really cared for this actor but have a newfound respect for him
  11. @jasonlou2013S [1 likes]: Hey Bill! Love your SNL!
  12. @munkitty91 [1 likes]: My anxiety seems alot like he has and the way im using it is to help me with my job since im a cook so i taught myself to think ahead and its litteraly the easiest job now cuz of it.  A supposed weakness can be a great strength never give up and always think how you can do better
  13. @vanessam2718: Saying what he says make me feel hope. Make love him more. He is amazing as a human being. So honest and a great person. Yes Bill , we got this! Thank you for your awesome words 🙏❤👑👏👏👏👏🏆🏆
  14. @hxshxt3530: i honestly feel like i have anxiety issues. just don't have the money to check on it.

almost every new thing that i do where the outcome would be uncertain would make me worry and my body will just shake.

driving, meeting someone, if i wanted to sing, etc. it really bothers me so much. I just don't know why I feel so afraid.
  15. @LibsRockU: To me, this sounds easy. Based on this tiny snippet, I respect Bill Haders experience. ...My particular world has had close family working hard to make my negative feelings WORSE because, of course, their godly feelings are completely 'right' & my real-world feelings are 'wrong'....Their vicious efforts have continued over fKKKn DECADES, in the name of their pathetic 'god'.
  16. @Lougallops: I had such anxiety I did the stereotypical thinking I was having a heart attack. 
I did this thing where I went , seriously? That’s all you got anxiety? Come on. What’s the worst that can happen if I don’t just freeze in panic? 
So stress and anxiety aren’t so much my friends as my ally. They’re my France 🇫🇷. I may not agree with France’s views but I see it has a need and a place in the planet and if we can have an alliance, then we’re both better off. 
So I use stress for it’s strengths. It actually keeps me safe when I’m doing something I need or really want to do. I have to be conscious of anxiety, like you. But believe me we’re not friends. Ha! We can have fun together, but I’ll never completely agree with it and I think about how disappointed and dissatisfied I’d be if I didn’t do something just because of stress. 
Sometimes I imagine leaving the scared me behind in bed under the covers if that’s what that part of me wants to do. Then I take the rest of my self and do the thing   🖤💟☮️🕉♍️💛
  17. @lolopotatoes9397: Thank you Bill.
  18. @kc-gl9wv: The power of now
  19. @edgarpadilla7397: Respect
  20. @6speedjay: I wanna get medication but I heard the side effects are terrible I’m an athlete and don’t want to compromise my body

- The Different Levels of Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en are you an anxious person does the word anxiety fill you with immediate dread according to Merriam-Webster anxiety is classified as apprehensive uneasiness or nervousness usually over and in bending or anticipated ill while the word describes a general feeling of uneasiness the experience of anxiety may be different for everyone after all it can manifest itself in many different forms and in varying degrees of intensity so to learn more about this here are five stages of anxiety number one minimal anxiety and let's start with minimal anxiety at this stage you're able to function with very limited interruptions your ability to focus on daily tasks is likely not hindered then you'll probably feel productive for most if not the entirety of your day having zero anxiety at all would definitely be optimal of course but with minimal levels of anxiety you can thankfully function overall especially since there are very few physical symptoms at this stage sometimes you may even not notice this anxious period since it'll likely affect a very small part of your day number two mild anxiety do you find yourself feeling anxious in social situations are you the kind of person who shyly stands in the corner at a party at the mild or subclinical level of anxiety you may experience some form of muscle tension or stomach ache but these Sensations are often relatively minor mild anxiety may be experienced from childhood into adulthood and is considered to be at the more manageable side of the scale this means you're likely still able to get most things done on your daily to-do list without much problem so don't feel bad if you find it difficult to open up or engage with others if anything you can be proud of yourself that you got out there in the first place number three moderate anxiety is your sleep schedule very inconsistent are you struggling with a particular loss of appetite if your anxiety is at this third level it may affect your sleep schedule to a relatively noticeable but still functional degree this can cause you to become less hungry throughout the day or cause you to experience more frequent aggressive headaches due to these factors you may also experience a more regulated panicky state of being making you feel on edge a lot of the time number four severe anxiety do you often experience a constant tightness in your chest does your stomach have a really tough time digesting food where the moderate level isn't necessarily a daily and disruptive Force severe anxiety is a consistent feeling throughout the physical symptoms are much more aggressive at this birth level for instance you may also feel out of breath and have trouble eating food even if it's a particularly favorite meal of yours because of this you may also end up avoiding friends and family choosing to remain on your own most of the time the severity of this level of anxiety has also proven to be connected to major depression as well so while you can still technically function you may barely have any energy or motivation to do so number five debilitating anxiety you deal with near-constant panic attacks why are you so incapacitated by your stress that it has become a real struggle to even leave your home debilitating anxiety is the worst and most aggressive form of anxiety symptoms of this may include sweating muscle twitching Tremors fatigue and insomnia just to name a few you may experience an extreme sense of dread at the simplest of everyday tasks and because of it avoid ever leaving your safe space but while you may sometimes feel like you're all alone and how you feel remember that you're not there are people out there who really do care about you and your well-being so which level do you believe that your anxiety is at is it at a specific spot with one of these five levels or is it somewhere more in the middle between two different points let us know in the comments below if you found this video helpful be sure to like subscribe and share it with those who might benefit from it and don't forget to hit the notification Bell icon to get notified whenever psyched to go post a new video the references and studies used in this video are added in the description below thanks for watching and see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [2300 likes]: How did you feel after watching this video? Did you learn more about anxiety?
All references are listed in the description
  2. @MatthewMortensen1 [1 likes]: I have moderate to severe social anxiety but I feel it getting worse. I can't help but think that my life is going to end tragically.
  3. @Baka67-r8l: I hate my myself 😭
  4. @justakidusingmymomsyoutube: hi I'm new to anxiety im level 5 already and im at a very young age and this so true anxiety may be exhausting and reply please
  5. @mr6712: Debilitating anxiety and it gave me hyperarousal where my system cant feel sleepy for most of the time but now due to constant interaction with friends and not overly thinking about i still think about it but not that much like im panicking as before im slowly getting better.
  6. @amiramri3032: God please removed my anxiety
  7. @Blitzrl0909: Thanks i got aanxiety  0:52 im scared to talk to ppl im nervous and run away  and cry because in school they bully me so im scared 2:20
  8. @CitrusHeart-l7t: These barley said anything about how bad anxiety really is, so much so that I don't even know which of these categories I would fall under. But I think about my braces appointment I have in a few weeks and my heart drops to my stomach, I start sweating like crazy, and I feel like if I eat anything I'm gonna be sick. Idk why I sued this as an example but this is something I'm honest to God terrified about..but usually when I hav anxiety this bad (usually on a daily basis too) I literally start shaking. Like shivering literally teeth chattering can't even speak gonna throw up , can't even walk cuz my knees just buckle right under me. I don't want to assume that my anxiety is really high up there, but I don't want to just say that I don't have any cuz it usually starts from being apprehensive and negative which is like my whole personality unfortunately, and with the mental and physical trauma that I have it doesn't help
  9. @Theac-u9c: I have anxiety.
  10. @HRODRIC_PUMAPUNKU: Its all in your head.
  11. @Sunset_is_my_dog: I am regularly on a moderate level with periodic spikes to severe. And severe periods are getting more and more frequent. But I am on SSRI! Without it I wasn’t functional, at first SSRI reduced it to mild which was wonderful, but it gradually crept up over the years and now it starts to limit my life again. I don’t know what to do, I tried meditation, guided relaxation, visualization, journaling, nothing helps for long or at all. I am still able to keep my life together, but it’s so exhausting. A lot of evenings I pray to just not wake up😢 I am sorry for everyone who is suffering with this, stay strong as much as you can. You are not alone ❤
  12. @philipgoh452: I think mine debilitating anxiety and it’s true sometimes it can lead to major depression I also have the symptoms that I typed
  13. @Slug-13: I'm 46 y.o man I had this thing since i was at least 24-25 y.o i feel like i have a piece of mercury in my stomach just little bit smaller than stomach and I feel like that mercury moves all over my body it mostly stays in my stomach when I lay on my back it feels like it's trying to get out of my stomach I feel it trying to poke my skin when I lay in stomach I feel it in my back same way trying to get out by poking the skin and I feel it in my legs like someone put the electric wires under my toenails and all my legs feel like the electricity is going thru them until at my stomach not very high voltage but enaugh to make me feel painful and not being abble to stay in any position just feeling electricity in my legs and stomach non stop I have muscle cramps I'm nervous almost all the time I take one 5mg diazepam tablet but it doesn't help I also have bruxism since at least 15 years ago I stay all day in seated position I gather my legs and tie my hands around my legs and u put my chin "temple" on top of my knees and stay like that while that thing like mercury moves all over my body except my neck and head, long story short to not mention all things "i feel all things that were in No:4 and No:5 except insomnia I sleep a lot more than I should cuz I take diazepam 5mg tablets but I don't sleep good I see bad dreams and when I wake up my whole body hurts like I was hit by a truck" thanks for posting the video.
  14. @yukisaibai1849: I suck at socializing and that's causing a lot of anxiety. I don't know how to get better at it. Will I be like this for the rest of my life? I'm scared
  15. @rien.à.se.rappeler: according to this I have undiagnoased severe anxeity
  16. @Spring_berry14: I have server anxiety
  17. @Rivviskewll: I have severe anxiety but it’s ok because my parents help me alot
  18. @valence.electronss: I cannot believe i’m commenting so many years after. But recently my anxiety has been HORRIBLE. Every second is quite scary, because it’s more of Derealization than fear. The objects and people around me don’t feel real, which leaves it feeling harder to manage. I’m attempting to try medicine again, which so far it’s not going well. But nobody realizes HOW much it can take away from you, your will to go out, your will to even get up from your bed. I’m certain i’m at level 5, but the derealization is what makes it extremely hard. But honestly I enjoy sharing my feelings and hardships at the moment, it makes other people also feel not alone, and it helps me know that there IS hope to finally be myself and get to do what I want without feeling afraid or not real.
  19. @chrisgreen2299: This disorder is hell on earth! I pray God takes it away, or takes me home 😢
  20. @FiveCosmicNights: I genuinely feel like im gonna die with my chest tightness this is so scary

Edit: it seems like I have severe anxiety i can still do normal things but I have chest tightness, stomachaches and constantly on edge and feel like I might drop dead, its been 2 weeks since I got this because I got a huge panic attack that made me cry because of a incident where I could've died in minutes if the conditions were a bit different

- Carson Daly Opens Up About His Anxiety Disorder: ‘I Know I’m Going To Be OK’ | TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK. WELL, EARLIER THIS WEEK, NBA STAR KEVIN LOVE REVEALED HIS STRUGGLE WITH PANIC ATTACKS. AS WE WERE TALKING ABOUT IT AROUND THE TABLE, CARSON, YOU SHARED YOUR OWN EXPERIENCE WITH ANXIETY. >> UNEXPECTEDLY, TOO. INSPIRED BY THE KEVIN LOVE STORY. SOMETHING I CANT CHANGE ABOUT MYSELF. I LEARNED TO EMBRACE IT. HOPEFULLY BY JUST BEING HONEST AND MAYBE OPENING UP, IT WILLT AND MAYBE OPENING UP, IT WILL INSPIRE OTHERS TO DO THE SAME. LOOKING BACK ON MY LIFE, I WAS A WORRYWART KID. MY FATHER DIED WHEN I WAS 5. IVE BEEN NERVOUS MY WHOLE LIFE. MY FIRST PANIC ATTACK HAPPENED, AND IT HAPPENED WHEN I WAS A HOST AT MTV. WELCOME TO THE SHOW. "TOTAL REQUEST LIVE." THE SUCCESS OF MY CAREER, I MOVED TO NEW YORK AND MY LIFE CHANGED OVERNIGHT. I HAD A HARD TIME BREATHING. I WAS TERRIFIED FOR NO APPARENT REASON. AT TIMES, I FEEL LIKE THERES A SABER TOOTH TIGER RIGHT HERE.A SABER TOOTH TIGER RIGHT HERE. AND IT IS GOING TO KILL ME, ATTACK ME AND BITE MY HEAD OFF. IM SCARED AS IF THATS REALLY HAPPENING. YOUDYING. I WENT TO THE HOSPITAL. I HAVE LEADS ON MY CHEST. IM LIKE, MY HEART IS GOING TO STOP. YOURE PERFECTLY FINE. TO THIS DAY, WHEN IM ON TELEVISION, IF YOU WATCH "THE VOICE" LIVE ON NBC. WATCH ON A MONDAY OR TUESDAY NIGHT, IM NEVER STILL. SAME THING ON "TODAY" SHOW, IN THE MORNING, SOMEDAYS IMOW, IN THE MORNING, SOMEDAYS IM ANXIOUS. YOU SEE ME. IM FIDGETING. HIGH-PRESSURE LIFE. YOU KNOW, ON TELEVISION. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THAT. I HAD HEIGHTENED ANXIETY AND PANIC ATTACKS AT THE PLAYGROUND WITH MY CHILDREN AND WIFE THERE. AND THE FEELING WAS SO GRIPPING, SO TERRIFYING, I HAD TO LEAVE AND EXCUSE MYSELF. I DID RELAXING THINGS, LIKE RIDE MY MOTORCYCLE ACROSS THE COUNTRY AND HAD PANIC-STRICKEN MOMENTS IN THAT. THIS IS THE WAY I WAS BORN. THIS IS THE WAY IM HARDWIRED. THIS IS THE DOWNSIDE OF THE WAY GOD MADE ME. AND THERES A TREMENDOUS UPSIDE, AS WELL.ES A TREMENDOUS UPSIDE, AS WELL. IM SENSITIVE. I LOVE MUSIC AND MUSIC MOVES ME IN A VISCERAL WAY. I GET THE CHILLS WHEN I HEAR CERTAIN MUSIC, LIKE SOUL MUSIC. WHEN IM WITH MY FAMILY AND ITS A EUPHORIC MOMENT, THEY RESONATES DEEPLY WITH ME. THATS A FLIPSIDE TO A LOT OF THE ANXIETY. I DONT WALK AROUND A NERVOUS WRECK. WALK AROUND A NERVOUS WRECK. I DONT WANT PEOPLE TO WATCH THIS AND THINK, ARE YOU OKAY? ARE YOU FREAKING OUT RIGHT NOW? NO. IM GOOD. PEOPLE WILL WATCH THIS AND SAY, HOW DID HE FIX HIMSELF?AND SAY, HOW DID HE FIX HIMSELF? WHAT DID HE TAKE? ITS NOT THAT SIMPLE. WHAT HELPED ME WAS TALKING TO A FRIEND ONCE, WHO SAID, EVERYTHING YOURE EXPERIENCEING, I HAVE, TOO. YOU HAVE ANXIETY. YOU SHOULD TALK TO SOMEBODY ABOUT IT. ANXIETY IS A THING? I THOUGHT IT WAS LIKE STRESS. I OPTED FOR A COGNITIVE THERAPIST, SOMEONE WHO TEACHES YOU ABOUT ANXIETY, THE MODEL OF IT, AND OFFERS YOU TOOLS ON HOW TO WORK THROUGH IT. THE MUSCLE RETENTION, RELAXATION REALLY HELPS ME. ILL DO ONE NOW. THIS WILL HELP ME. IM NERVOUS DOING THIS INTERVIEW. IM GOING TO CLENCH MY FISTS AND MY ARM ANSWER MY BICEPS AS HARD AS I CAN, LIKE IM LIFTING AHARD AS I CAN, LIKE IM LIFTING A WEIGHT. WOW. THAT FELT GREAT. LIKE AN OCEAN OF RELAXATION. I REALLY WEAR THE WAY I AM, LIKE A BADGE OF HONOR. THIS IS WHO I AM. AND IM PROUD OF IT. I MAY BE A LITTLE ANXIOUS. BUT I KNOW IM GOING TO BE OKAY. >> WERE SO PROUD OF YOU. >> YOU CAN HEAR MY FATHER TALKING IN THAT. AS IT PERTAINS TO MENS HEALTH AND ANXIETY, THAT WAS MY DAD GROWING UP. THERES THAT NO SUCH THING AS STRESS OR ANXIETY. AS BOYS, WE GROW UP LIKE THAT. AND ANXIETY AND THE DOCTOR CAN TALK ABOUT IT, YOU FEEL LIKE A LITTLE BOY WHEN YOURE UNCOMFORTABLE HAVING ANXIETY AND YOU WANT YOUR MOMMY, WHICH IS THE AN THITTITHESIS HOW YOU GREW >> THIS IS TOM. HES A LICENSED PSYCHOTHERAPIST. I THINK CARSON HAS DONE A BRAVE THING. HE COMES ON AND DOING THIS JOB SO WELL. ON AND DOING THIS JOB SO WELL. ITS ALSO IMPORTANT BECAUSE I THINK A LOT OF MEN DO HAVE THAT STIGMA. >> IT REALLY IS. WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE STATISTICS, LIKE MORE WOMEN SEEK TREATMENT THAN MEN. OKAY. THIS IS WHY YOU SEE A STATISTIC WHEN YOU HEAR WOMEN HAVE MOREIC WHEN YOU HEAR WOMEN HAVE MORE ANXIETY THAN MEN. THATS NOT TRUE. MORE WOMEN GO AND SEEK THE TREATMENT. THE GUY THING, AS WELL. WE HAVE TO PUSH THINGS UNDER A RUG, IM A MAN. IM HAVING ANXIETY AS WERE TALKING.G ANXIETY AS WERE TALKING. LITERALLY, MY HEART RATE IS UP. THIS IS IMPORTANT. ITS SOMETHING THAT WAS GREAT THAT YOU AND PEOPLE LIKE KEVIN LOVE CAN COME OUT AND SAY, THIS IS RELATIVELY NORMAL TO SOME EXTENT. >> HOW DO YOU KNOW IF ITS STRESS OR IF ITS SOMETHING MORE? IF ITS SOMETHING YOU SHOULD SPEAK TO SOMEONE ABOUT. >> IF ITS REALLY DEBILITATING, AND YOU CANT SLEEP AT NIGHT, YOU HAVE A HART TIME FUNCTIONING AT WORK, AND ITS CRIPPLING YOU, THATS THE TIME TO SEEK SOMEYOU, THATS THE TIME TO SEEK SOME HELP AND HAVE SOMEBODY TO TALK TO. YOU GET MORE WOMEN THAT COME TO MY OFFICE.RE WOMEN THAT COME TO MY OFFICE. THE MEN, ITS A WIFE KICKING THEM IN. WHEN THEY DO, THAT BECOMES THE HIGHLIGHT OF THEIR WEEK. ITS AN OUTLET FOR THEM TO UNWIND, TO REFRAME THEIR THINKING, TO UNDERSTAND THEIR INTERBEING.O UNDERSTAND THEIR INTERBEING. >> I THINK ITS INTERESTING WHAT YOU SAID. DOES THAT MEAN IM SUPPOSED TO BE ON A DRUG? I DONT WANT TO BE ON DRUGS FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE. YOU SAID THE THERAPY MAKES A DIFFERENCE. >> I WANTED TO UNCTION. IT UNDERSTAND. IF YOU WANT TO FLY AND YOURE WORRIED ABOUT IT, LEARN ABOUT IT. YOURE GOING TO BE NERVOUS IN THE AIR. BUT YOULL HAVE A CLEAR UNCTION UNDERSTANDING HOW IT WORKS. FRAMEWORK IS EVERYTHING, NO MATTER -- PEOPLE ARE SO AFRAID ABOUT WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THINK OF YOU. >> YEAH. >> I WISH PEOPLE COULD BREAK DOWN THAT WALL, TOO.LD BREAK DOWN THAT WALL, TOO. I GUARANTEE YOU, EVERYBODY HAS SOMETHING. >> EVERYBODY. >> EVERYBODY HAS SOMETHING. ITS HOW YOU DEAL WITH IT.G. ITS HOW YOU DEAL WITH IT. >> INTERESTING WERE TALKING ABOUT THIS. I GIVE A LOT OF LECTURES. I TALK ABOUT SELF-ESTEEM. WHAT IS THE IMPORTANT WORD? SELF. PEOPLE ARE TRYING TO EXTRACT ATTENTION FROM THE OUTSIDE WORLD TO FILL THEMSELVES UP. IT DOESNT WORK THAT WAY. WE HAVE TO GO WITHIN OURSELVES AND UNFOLD WHAT LIES DEEP. >> WISH I COULD OPEN UP A PHONE LINE AND I COULD TAKE ALL OF THE CALLS. >> THATS WHAT THE ORANGE ROOM IS FOR.S WHAT THE ORANGE ROOM IS FOR. THATS WHAT PEOPLE DO, SHARE. A LOT OF PEOPLE SHARED WITH CARSON, IT MAKES A BIG WE WANT TO PUT INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE. I NEVER KNEW THERE WAS A NAME

  Top Comments:
  1. @EvaEvans-w3w: I Have Anxiety and Without my Propranolol I couldn't Make It
  2. @Mark_888: Wow, he looks great, is functioning member of society, has family and children. 

Inspirational
  3. @trbrm6319: He was so handsome when he was young
  4. @mishcabiwe2820: Wow am not alone. I just stood up and started cleaning, something so simple but to me it seems scary. Thank you. I wißh l can find a community of people like me to talk about laugh and get help
  5. @wafaalarshi8411: Anxiety keeps on trying meee
  6. @susanszabo7130: Carson Daly sounds just like me. Anxiety is just so complicated!!!!!!
  7. @danquags0218: Do any of you keep thinking about the past and distant future? I can get in the present but as soon as I have free time I think about the past and future.
  8. @kennethgimpayan3418: Who would have thought? People say I look so confident from the outside but they don't know I'm crumbling inside.
  9. @taylorrobinett5432: Disgusting man he is!! He went to diddy party’s
  10. @CesarSandoval024: I have anxiety. But im slow mentally, he isnt. I camt handle stress soo well. But he can..
  11. @tonybayarea: I started having anxiety and feeling depressed at 10 years old in (1992), 32 years ago. Went through so much mental, emotional, physical trauma as a kid in the 1980's to 1990's at home and at school. 
The depression and anxiety during the day turned into me having Night Tremors when I tried to go to bed at night as a kid. I dealt with having the Night Tremors for 7 years (from "92" to "99") . I would be lying down in bed, my eyes closed trying to fall asleep and my body would start shaking really bad for like 20 to 30 minutes before I could completely fell asleep. 

The anxiety and depression still sticks with me from time to time as a 42 year old Man in 2024.
 I stopped having the night tremors after I turned 17. I think that I've just been through so much trauma as kid that when I started to become an adult I learned to just emotionally and mentally numb those thoughts out of my mind and think about it anymore. The anxiety and depression isn't as bad now as it was when I was a kid, but comes back every couple weeks. 

Also I think the symptoms I dealt with back then came from having to be my own father mentally, emotional, physically at times,  being raised in a single parent household from age 7. (1989). 
Made me have to grow up faster then other kids I grew up with at school. Having to learn mostly everything you know in life from school, society & Television shows or movies. 

Father wasn't around and mom worked over 40 - 50+ hours a week at work to provide for the family. My mom didn't believe in showing mental, emotional or moral support to me in anything I did growing up. I think the only time I heard "I love you" from her to me was on my birthday and during Christmas. Every other month of the year she wasn't that big on showing emotional and moral support to me. 

I would not wish what I had went through as a kid on anyone, no matter how much I didn't or don't like that person today. No Child, Teen, Young Adult, and Man or Woman should have to go through that much Trauma, Stress, Anxiety and depression growing up. 🙏
  12. @ektakhatri1280: Anyone experience chest heaviness all day all night 24×7 ? For months ?
  13. @woodfloorsjohnnyGmail: I feel You Brother ..🙏🏼💙🙏🏼
  14. @Gokuisthegre: Thanks for shareing your story i have angxity too i dont really like going out much i wish i had a girlfriend and friends but i dont like going out so it hard but ill be fine im an introverted person i stay to myself but anyway thanks
  15. @rebeccademers9482: when was he diagnosed?
  16. @Faye-el1bz: We are all just a life experience away from mental illness 
Every single person on this planet.
  17. @edgamet8077: CARSON DALY THE VOICE STORY 0:24 
CARSON DALY BARMAGEDDON STORY 
CARSON DALY THE VOICE & BARMAGEDDON STORY 














I'LL BE AROUND
  18. @ckosmic: I feel so bad I was just watching clips of his show because I heard it was bad but as I was watching them I noticed his talking style is very similar to mine. Now I see this and it all makes sense, these kind of symptoms happen to me too
  19. @YouTubeLover343: Cirpofloxacin gave me anxiety!
  20. @richoneplanet7561: 👍🏼👏🏼👏🏽👏🏿👏🏽👏🏼👏🏽👍🏼

- Taraji P. Henson on Living with Depression and Anxiety | Body Stories | SELF: Kind: captions Language: en what I find disturbing in our community the african-american community is that we can talk about a fibroid we can talk about cancer breast cancer AIDS even but we won't deal with the mental and that's an issue I struggle with depression and anxiety I would have to say I realized it about two years ago I noticed the mood swings like you know one day I be up and the next day I'd be down feeling like I don't want to go out in public almost agoraphobic like too much to deal with feeling really awkward in my skin feeling out of sorts you know and just down like debbie downer like a dark cloud and then there will be days where my brain wouldn't stop racing which would I would think of the most worst scenarios in the world which would heighten my anxiety and you know people were like you just need to meditate and yoga and things like that and I would do that but my brain would still race for me there was no shame when I started to recognize it it was like there had to get some help because I'm the I'm the life of the party and when I go dark I can't talk I don't want to leave the house and my friends started to notice me pulling back to my father who also had his issues with mental health was really open about it about his manic depression but you know as I think back no one else really talked about it it was hush-hush or you know he just crazy or you know things like that what my dad what he needed was a culturally competent therapist and it's not even about the skin color or the race it's about being culturally competent and the reason why we can't find culturally competent therapists is because at home an african-american community we don't talk about mental health you know it's a stigma surrounding it and when you have no one to talk to what a person usually do is they will try to self-medicate we're just not allowed to be vulnerable we have to be strong all the time this is for year hundreds of damage for hundred years trauma that we have not dealt with and the way we deal with it is be strong put on a strong face nothing's wrong with you you don't have mental health you're not gay don't you know you're not allowed to be human that's a lie we hurt and we're suffering when you think about the trauma the african-american community has been through since we've been brought to this country we have not dealt with that and then you get to these microaggressions that are happening right in front of our faces every day on television women's sons are being taken from him for no reason at all and through that we still have to be strong how fucking dare you how dare you how dare you put that on me I felt pressure to be strong as a black woman in Hollywood because I kept hearing that term everyone kept saying be a strong black woman strong black woman then I realized that's a myth it means that I'm some superhuman in some kind of way where nothing affects me and that is so far from the truth sometimes I want to be strong sometimes the weight is just too much you know and to put on that facade like you're strong all the time is this exactly good it is a facade that's that's that's the wack you have to be human and human means you're vulnerable and human measure your layers and you know being in an industry where you know you're getting paid 52 cents on the dollar compared to a white male things like that weigh on your soul you know because I'm an artist and I'm an artist to the bone so when I work I give you all of me and to know that all of me is only worth 52 cents on the dollar of what he's getting paid that hurts a lot of that stuff started weighing on me and sort of like dimming my lights and I had to just get control of it and you know what I started to do was started making me feel good about it it's not keeping it in and talking about it you know because if you talk maybe things will get fixed I felt such a relief when I finally said it publicly like I suffer from this people just it was an outpour you know as out poor people it was like they were like this and all of a sudden they felt free to speak on it when I got back above water when I stopped suffocating myself I was drowning and once I released my truth once I spoke my truth I started to float back you know that's what it is it's luggage it's baggage and it will weigh you down you better unpack those trunks and get that mess out of deal with it it's okay we're human no one's perfect they're the perfection is the perfect lie when my therapist said that my wings sprouted the pressure of trying to be something perfect which doesn't exist it's crazy let go of that myth when when I'm vulnerable I'm scared or I'm having these non pleasant thoughts I let it run because if you if you muffle it it's only gonna resurface again so you have to kind of let it run and play out like a faucet just let it run until the water runs out and then once oh you pick yourself back up because you know your mind will play tricks on you I talked to myself and I think more people need to talk to themselves but cuz you work things out and it's not you know people can call it crazy whatever I even catch myself doing it in public and I have to stop but it's it's just a way to work things out and yes I think it's okay it's okay I would have a full-on conversation with myself in the mirror when you have issues and you have no one to talk to and the walls are closing in the voices are getting too loud what I noticed the people people will start to self-medicate because you want to feel good right so then they turn to alcohol they turn to drugs and we're seeing this with the youth a lot I'm a celebrity and at this point everybody kept asking me do you have a charity and then I really couldn't find anything that I was passionate about and then I was like this is it you know what I mean because this is something I'm really passionate about this is something that is a necessity for me and so we have to break this cycle of keeping our mouths closed so I called my best friend who also has a lifetime of suffering with anxiety and that's when we decided to birth the Boris Lawrence Henson foundation named after my father so I think he'd be really proud I felt such an urgency to do something I felt like it was my mission to give back to these children because they're having coping issues and so our our my foundation and what we're trying to do is we're trying to get these babies while they're kids so we infiltrate the school we get counselors in there who can see a child dealing with a traumatic situation at home because these kids come to school from trauma from traumatic situations at home and we expect them to learn and sit down and focus I'm speaking up now because we are facing a national crisis I want people to know that it is okay to get seek help for mental health there is nothing wrong with it you go to the dentist don't you you go get your yearly checkup got a check on your mental

  Top Comments:
  1. @AbyaaJones [2 likes]: Depression and Anxiety are both demons 💯💯💯   HER DELIVERANCE IS COMING
  2. @Thirdeye75 [2 likes]: Rest, rejuvenate, relax, refocus, recharge. Drop the cape, save yourselves.
  3. @cathyrenardson8987 [1 likes]: Thank you so much. Very helpful.
  4. @LegendSG-m7i [1 likes]: Appreciate that she is being very transparent & talking about mental health & her own personal experiences & struggles...many of us can relate...🙂 We are not alone...

Short but Great important message here to pick up..as much as i remember, 'Dre, Pick up your jacket'...😅😊
  5. @welcb8733 [1 likes]: Loving the term 'culturally competent ' - that could lead to so many improved therapeutic experiences.   Some of the strongest people I know are incredibly aware of their own vulnerability,their weaknesses and their broken bits and their baggage...
  6. @saigesweet2501 [1 likes]: Perfection is the perfect lie! I felt that
  7. @blessedormessy6336: QUEEN speaking truth to power!!!
  8. @goodvibezvideomashup: Blessings
  9. @PGHFilmz412: Do not feel bad Taraji, I admire the transparency.  I sought my own pyschiatrist(Dr.👩‍⚕️Marks).  I'm never leaving her side, she is the s**t, she(Dr.Marks)uploads new videos on YouTube every Wednesday. I've been through alot in my 38 years on earth🌏 & once I found her it was the biggest sigh of relief.
  10. @shrusclues: Off-topic, she is so gorgeous! It’s like if Miss Universe 1996 Sushmita Sen was black, she’d be Taraji.
  11. @D_Name_and_Handle: You b_tches are f_cked up because you betrayed the race and destroyed the family.
  12. @SamanthaMiller-h3x: I love this, this really touched my heart.... As a person who battles mental health... I appreciate what she's truly doing.
  13. @NookieTheeNinja-e6l: After suffering my first EVER panic attack a week before my birthday in May, I can say it bring on cardio phobia (im not have) anxiety, health anxiety, and now depression 😮‍💨… I stopped talking with friends and family because it felt like no one understands my feelings on this so now I just come on youtube and search videos on how im feeling that day and look at other ppl comments to make me feel better and to know that i’am not alone.. That helps me cope a lot!!
  14. @fuuuckEmm: Currently watching
  15. @arlenemartinez9702: I’m having a Bad Depression episode
  16. @LarhondaNolden: That me everything
  17. @ashleejr1: Omg Taraji thank you! I feel all of this.
  18. @Sam-ef3bj: Wonderful, wonderful actress.  Had no clue she suffered with depression.   Wishing her the best through her struggles.  If you are out there and depression is hitting you, think about talking to someone.  Counseling therapy?  It's really just talking to a wise friend, nothing more than that.  Helps.  Take care.
  19. @NattyByNature-: I love her immensely
  20. @Thirdeye75: Was diagnosed with generalized depression 2024. Seek help.

- How Jennifer Lawrence Overcame Social Anxiety | Splash News TV | Splash News TV: Kind: captions Language: en Jennifer Lawrence doesn't seem like she's too shy but did you know she used to suffer from social anxiety the actress tells a French magazine Madame figuro that her introduction into acting was the only thing that helped her get over a level of social anxiety that she suffered while in school even therapy didn't work apparently she begged her parents to take her to a casting call in New York and when she was on stage all of her anxieties disappeared and her parents could see a transformation Jennifer tells the magazine that she felt worthless before discovering her abilities as an actress and considering the 23-year-old is already an Academy Award winner it's safe to say she'll never have to feel that way again but Jennifer does understand the importance of being grounded she apparently hangs out with her best friend and distances herself from people who work for her after a long day in order to stay grounded how's that for a Silver Linings Playbook

  Top Comments:
  1. @orionxavier6957 [97 likes]: As someone with social anxiety, I recognized the signs in Jennifer Lawrence. She STILL has social anxiety even today. It never really goes away. Also, people with social anxiety or social phobia, are usually great actors. That's how they survive social situations. And they also often use self-effacing humor to make them feel less self conscious and comfortable around people. Just like Jennifer..
  2. @m4y4123321 [34 likes]: Wow.  I love Jennifer Lawrence.  I think her acting is spectacular.  If you had social anxiety you would understand the pain and loneliness that she felt.  The fact that she overcame it is such an inspiration.
  3. @kiraschannel1 [19 likes]: I like acting not cause of social anxiety but I love acting even though I have social anxiety
  4. @uhuihhojhk377 [13 likes]: What an inspiration :) she has given me some real hope to conquer SA

- Male Celebrities Who've Opened up About Anxiety | Men's Health UK: Kind: captions Language: en Not bad [Music] [Applause] on

- Oliver Hudson's Anxiety Battle I Celebrity News: Kind: captions Language: en Oliver Hudson has opened up about his struggle with anxiety sharing his harrowing experience of withdrawing from anxiety medication speaking on the sibling rry podcast the 47-year-old actor recounted a terrifying panic attack while filming Nashville he described his debilitating withdrawal from Celexa an anti-depressant used to treat anxiety leading to complete dissociation and emotional distress despite attempting to wean off the medication Hudson's desire to support his family compelled him to go back on it he credited his current well-being to cognitive behavioral therapy and emphasized the importance of psychological treatment this is not the first time Hudson has spoken about his withdrawal experiences having previously shared his journey with Lexapro medication he encourages seeking help for those struggling with mental health by providing the lifeline Crisis Support contact information

- 8 Signs You Might Have Social Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en Hey Psych2Goers! And welcome back to another Psych2Go video. Do you find it hard to socialize with other people? Do you feel overwhelmed at the thought of going to a social event? It can be very easy to confuse social anxiety and shyness.. ..since they share many of the same characteristics. While shyness is a personality trait.. ..social anxiety is a mental illness. Before we begin we'd like to mention that this video is created for educational purposes only.. ..and is not intended to substitute a professional diagnosis. With that being said, here are eight signs you might have social anxiety. #1 You're always self-conscious. One aspect of social anxiety is the extreme fear of being judged. According to Kocovski and Endler if you have social anxiety; You'll constantly worry about the way you look or act and what others think of you. Your greatest fear is of embarrassing yourself in front of others.. A shy person on the other hand, will only worry about being judged in certain situations.. ..like in public speaking or when meeting someone new. #2 Your anxiety feels out of hand. There are times when it's normal to feel shy or nervous around other people.. ..for example when you move to a new school or have to perform in front of an audience. But social anxiety is irrational and unwarranted. You may feel distressed about things as simple as making eye contact with someone,.. ..using public transportation or eating in front of other people. The fear is always there .. The fear is always there. #3 It interferes with your performance. Have you ever called in sick to work when your anxiety became too overwhelming? ..or have you kept quiet when you were having trouble in class? Social anxiety can impact your performance in many ways.. ..with the constant fear of people's judgement You may even be afraid to do well to avoid drawing attention. You don't pitch ideas at meetings.. ..raise your hand in class... or join clubs because of how much anxiety it creates. #4 It affects your relationships. While it's hard to make friends when you're shy.. ..it can feel almost impossible when you have social anxiety. For a shy person, it's usually about breaking the ice.. ..and going through the initial awkwardness of meeting each other. But having social anxiety can complicate your relationships. You feel tense and uneasy around people.. ..no matter how close you are or how long you've known them. #5 It doesn't go away with familiarity. It's normal to feel shy at the beginning of a new relationship. But as you get to know each other the tension will start to subside. This isn't the case if you have social anxiety. Instead you always experience fear distress and embarrassment whenever you're around other people. Doesn't matter if it's your parents siblings or best friend.. ..you always feel uneasy and stressed unless you're alone. #6 You overanalyze everything . Have you ever said things to yourself like; "I took too long to reply and now she doesn't like me .." or "He didn't say hello this morning because he's upset with me .." Social anxiety can make you obsess over your social interactions. You may spend a lot of time and energy.. ..analyzing other people's facial expressions.. ..body language and tone of voice.. ..to see if they really mean what they're saying or not. #7 You avoid social situations. Are you often absent or very late to social gatherings? It's a serious matter if your social anxiety leads you to avoid social situations all together. You decline invitations, refuse to speak in front of people, ..and you would rather sit in the corner.. ..to avoid being noticed and mingle with anyone else.. It doesn't matter if it's a normal day at work or school.. ..your own birthday party, or even your wedding day. And #8 You have physical symptoms. Do you feel nausea? dizziness or chest palpitations when you're in social situations? Just like most anxiety disorders.. ..social anxiety is often accompanied by physical symptoms. Some common ones are sweaty palm, shortness of breath.. lightheadedness and trembling. While these are also the same signs of someone having a panic attack.. You'll be able to tell the difference if you only show these symptoms.. ..when anticipating or being out in a social setting. Do you relate to any of these symptoms above? Let us know in the comments below. If you do,you're definitely not alone.. ..nor are you bad for feeling this way. The references and studies used in this video are added in the description below. If you find this video helpful, be sure to like, subscribe.. ..and share this video with those who might benefit from it as well! Thanks for watching and we'll see you in the next video!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [8200 likes]: Hi everyone! We released several videos yesterday including one on the types of anxiety (similar to a crash course). Social anxiety disorder was mentioned in the video and many of you asked us to make one on this topic. Here you go! Previous video: https://youtu.be/RuPPRLv_YSw
  2. @Alonely_Night [1 likes]: Does anyone else that has social anxiety start getting hot and sweaty— like not just in your palms? I could start dripping from sweat, sometimes I have to bring a change of clothes to school because I sweat through my clothes :(
  3. @Yurie-tomboy-lazy [1 likes]: hi everyone! a person here with social anxiety since childhood! so Psych2go did explain it very well but not everyone is the same in their way in this now my social anxiety is in a easy way said : a big room like a hall with 3 people whom i know or dont know is basicly too much as i'd start thinking like "am i good looking"or " do i sound okay" or""how can i escape" now this doesnt mean you can aproach a social anxiety person and talk to them they acctualy prefer distance and alone time(most noticable signs: shifting,looking around,sweating,shaking softly)
  4. @johnsalvin7942: My farther when I was young child going to parties I used to get shouted at when I wanted to go and play with friends to sit down and don’t move you will be in trouble  in front of people so that is why I have got social anxiety around people
  5. @Princesschae-p5t: Am I the only one who suddenly forget how to walk when around other people ? I feel so aKWARD and I just want to cry
  6. @IhaveMy0pinion: Went shopping in the supermarket today for just a few items and all I could think was.....I need to get out as quick as possible. Being around people stresses me out and I think it started when I was young and I met people who seemed nice but caused  me so much chaos. Now I avoid people all the time.
  7. @arazelventura8701: When you walk into a classroom late and everyone is already seated 🥲🥲🥲
  8. @catchmeimfalling28: yep, me. crying
  9. @Violettttt-I.NLover: Guys I need your help! Idk if I have social anxiety or not? Like, I relate extremely well to everything in this video, exept I feel very confident around my friends. My friends sometimes even say I'm the loudest in the group, and I'm definitely not afraid to speak in front of them or anything. But I also haven't made a new friend in 6 yrs. I can't talk in front of people, and stress about the thought of it until I make myself sick. Is this still social anxiety?? Pls help lol
  10. @unbreakablefootage: i do think it gets better when you are familiar with someone
  11. @cryptangel.mp3: I definitely have anxiety  these all matches mine
  12. @Tejs_45: No way I definitely have social anxiety because when I go out with friends I feel that tremble and all.
  13. @MayaAlneamah: I'm an extrovert, like... I can walk into any place and say "HIIIIII EVERYOOOOONE" no problem, yet i kinda relate to most parts, i think that you need to relate to All of them and for real, ts what i think
  14. @Kaguya123-moon: Okay I do relate to all of ts but I don’t have social anxiety🤷‍♀️
  15. @TvpasalTvpasal: Does anyone go mute or can't even say a word when u need to ask for smth or talk or just me?
  16. @White_day14: What I’ve taught myself is if you cover everything up with a smile people think your fine and don’t approach you
I’m lucky to have a big friend group in my class to help me overcome talking in general 
Two women always come up to me (either tryna annoy me or love me) daily and it messes with my head 
Yesterday I had so much anxiety about going to a club I’m new to so I’m not good at it I had a excruciating pain in my stomach and a lil pain in my head 
I think I do have social anxiety but it’s getting better over time but never perfect
  17. @Caerinne: I don't wanna self diagnose myself but at the same time I can't see a professional as my family aren't onto mental health problems . So i have no clue of what to do , knowing that i have many symptoms of social anxiety.
  18. @Akutagawaryuunosuke-n4z: For me when I get invited to somewhere or have to go somewhere I either HAVE to be on time or just not be there because I hate when most people look at me when coming in late and I’ll just be in the corner pretending to text people….
  19. @KirstyManera: I have social anxiety and my bsf  moved away and I got bullied and im hurt even if someone says hi I could get mad
  20. @Thetwins-x4x: All of them…..

- Gisele Bundchen Opens Up About Panic Attacks, Suicidal Thoughts | TODAY: Kind: captions Language: en THIS IS ALERT IS EXPECTED TO BE VERY POWERFUL BECAUSE OF THE VERY POWERFUL BECAUSE OF THE REACH AND THE IMMEDIATE NATURE. REACH AND THE IMMEDIATE NATURE. >> WE’RE GOING TO START WITH A >> WE’RE GOING TO START WITH A PRIVATE SUPER MODEL GISELE PRIVATE SUPER MODEL GISELE BUDCHEN SAT DOWN WITH NATALIE BUDCHEN SAT DOWN WITH NATALIE MORALE IS MORALE IS MORALE IS. MORALE IS. >> YOU STARTED HAVING PANIC >> YOU STARTED HAVING PANIC ATTACKS AND ANXIETY ATTACKS, ATTACKS AND ANXIETY ATTACKS, WHAT BROUGHT THAT ON? WHAT BROUGHT THAT ON? >> I THINK WHEN YOU SMOKE A PACK >> I THINK WHEN YOU SMOKE A PACK OF CIGARETTES A DAY AND DRINK A OF CIGARETTES A DAY AND DRINK A BATTLE OF WINE AT NIGHT AND BATTLE OF WINE AT NIGHT AND DON’T SLEEP MUCH AND WORK EVERY DON’T SLEEP MUCH AND WORK EVERY DAY, I MEAN THAT’S REALLY A DAY, I MEAN THAT’S REALLY A RECIPE FOR DEVELOPING A PANIC RECIPE FOR DEVELOPING A PANIC ATTACK. ATTACK. >> IT WAS REALLY BAD. >> IT WAS REALLY BAD. I MEAN, YOU COULDN’T GO IN AN HE I MEAN, YOU COULDN’T GO IN AN HE WILL VALTOR. WILL VALTOR. >> THE BEGINNING WAS AIRPLANES >> THE BEGINNING WAS AIRPLANES AND ELEVATORS AND I COULDN’T GO AND ELEVATORS AND I COULDN’T GO IN TUNNELS. IN TUNNELS. WHEN YOU BECOME SMALLER, THERE WHEN YOU BECOME SMALLER, THERE IS A LOT OF THINGS YOU FEEL LIKE IS A LOT OF THINGS YOU FEEL LIKE YOU CAN’T DO ANYMORE. YOU CAN’T DO ANYMORE. I TRIED TO GET A MASSAGE. I TRIED TO GET A MASSAGE. THEN IN THE MIDDLE OF THE THEN IN THE MIDDLE OF THE MASSAGE, I GOT UP AND COULDN’T MASSAGE, I GOT UP AND COULDN’T BREATHE. BREATHE. THEN I WENT OUTSIDE. THEN I WENT OUTSIDE. OKAY, I’M GOING TO BREATHE. OKAY, I’M GOING TO BREATHE. THEN I COULDN’T BREATHE. THEN I COULDN’T BREATHE. BECAUSE I LIVED IN THE NINTH BECAUSE I LIVED IN THE NINTH FLOOR, IT CROSSED MY MIND, YOU FLOOR, IT CROSSED MY MIND, YOU KNOW, I THINK THAT, YOU KNOW, IF KNOW, I THINK THAT, YOU KNOW, IF I JUMP LIKE WILL BE OVER. I JUMP LIKE WILL BE OVER. AND THEN -- SORRY. AND THEN -- SORRY. >> IT’S HARD. >> IT’S HARD. >> YEAH. >> YEAH. >> SORRY. >> SORRY. >> NO. >> NO. NO. NO. DON’T, PLEASE. DON’T, PLEASE. IT’S A HARD POINT. IT’S A HARD POINT. >> THAT WAS A VERY CHALLENGING >> THAT WAS A VERY CHALLENGING TIME. TIME. BUT IT’S AMAZING HOW -- HOW MUCH BUT IT’S AMAZING HOW -- HOW MUCH IT BROUGHT -- IT ACTUALLY GAVE IT BROUGHT -- IT ACTUALLY GAVE ME NEW LIFE. ME NEW LIFE. I CONSIDER MYSELF BEING, YOU I CONSIDER MYSELF BEING, YOU KNOW, OPTIMIST WHO ALWAYS SAW KNOW, OPTIMIST WHO ALWAYS SAW LIFE WITH THE GLASS HALF FULL. LIFE WITH THE GLASS HALF FULL. AND THAT DISEASE WHICH I BELIEVE AND THAT DISEASE WHICH I BELIEVE THAT, IS YOU KNOW, PANIC ATTACK THAT, IS YOU KNOW, PANIC ATTACK IS A BIG ISSUE, IT WAS KIND OF IS A BIG ISSUE, IT WAS KIND OF MAKING MY WORLD SO SMALL THAT I MAKING MY WORLD SO SMALL THAT I THOUGHT THAT WOULD EVEN CROSS MY THOUGHT THAT WOULD EVEN CROSS MY MIND MADE ME SO UPSET. MIND MADE ME SO UPSET. I REALIZE I REALLY HAD A BIG I REALIZE I REALLY HAD A BIG PROBLEM. PROBLEM. >> GISELE ALSO ADDED SHE >> GISELE ALSO ADDED SHE WOULDN’T HAVE THE LIFE SHE HAS WOULDN’T HAVE THE LIFE SHE HAS TODAY IF SHE HADN’T GONE THROUGH

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheOneAndOnly91 [16 likes]: People do not understand unless they go through it ..Ive had anxiety since the age of 18 and I'm 32 now doing much better and off all meds❤ PRAYER I broke down to God!!!!!
  2. @teawithcarla [15 likes]: This is so relatable. This is me. 😢
  3. @Sscwarr [10 likes]: Panic attact sucks
  4. @matheuslundberg5039 [10 likes]: shes THE QUEEN..best model ever!
  5. @kelsea6868 [6 likes]: Seriously 😐
  6. @torotoro1014 [5 likes]: It's the alcoholic poisoning.
  7. @Cool_bacon310 [2 likes]: Only those who have real anxiety will understand this.
  8. @K-xb2qz [1 likes]: It's so crazy how I think about my own problems and rightfully so but it's just hard to know what somebody is going through. 💯
  9. @alicejohnmusic [1 likes]: So she just had a suicidal thought once? I’m sorry but I’m jealous of that lol. :(
  10. @firstlast8258: 🙄

- Alia Bhatt's Hidden Struggles: ADHD, Anxiety & Finding Peace as a New Mother: Kind: captions Language: en difficult to understand an actor's life because it's so random and halfhazard but now everything's changed because now I've I have a daughter so now it's like there's a new girlfriend in the family an actor a producer an entrepreneur an environmentalist Al you were saying this is the first in-depth conversation you've done in over two years why is that and why now what did little Alia want to be when she grew up I was fascinated by the television I love dreaming whether it was in my classroom whether it was in front of the television when I started acting and when you know your friends are your life I started working at the age of 17 and when you're newly you know pursuing your career sometimes you start taking your friends for granted as humans we judge ourselves so much but there's probably no role that we judge ourselves in as much as being a parent how do you win you don't we're actually all giant babies through our lives at least for our parents like no matter how old we become we're still babies that's what they see I see that now when every time I would travel my mom would say okay be careful before you cross the road what's a role that you played that you see yourself in that most felt like [Music] you the number one Health and Wellness podcast J shett J shett the one the only J shett aliat it is such an honor I'm so grateful that I get to do this with you genuinely so thankful to you you are an icon you are phenomenal talent and unbelievable actress I feel the roles you choose are out of this world I'm a huge huge huge fan and I can't wait to dive in to learn more about the person behind all these amazing roles so thank you for being here on purpose thank you for having me yeah I we first met I think it was we met a couple of hours before the Met Gala yeah which I can't imagine how kind that was of you but how stressful it was for you can you just walk me through what that was like I think we had been in touch on Instagram for a while and you very kindly said if you're in town I'd love to meet Etc and I said okay let me try and work it out cuz I was literally in town for 2 days um but I also realized one thing in that moment is I've become very comfortable with just like going about moments and like special like events or shoots and without really having much conversation with people who I don't know you know ENT we don't really know each other so I've become a bit comfortable just talking to people that I'm comfortable with that I know my team you know my family my friends my loved ones so I literally took it as a oh it'll be fun you know a new experience I was not on mommy duty at that time uh so I had the yeah I was missing her a lot of course all the time so I had the time um and I just thought it would be fun to have breakfast with somebody and just get to know them a little bit you know yeah apart from the fact that both of us are somehow in the media industry right um talking to people and getting to know each other is something that just humans do which I've not been doing much of very frankly so I I that's the reason I was like okay even though it's a bit stressful right now and I have to get into hair and make up right now for the next 4 hours um I will still go ahead and do this because it'll be a new experience I love that mentality I think it's such a great mindset and remember when I first moved to LA Brian graser who's a legendary yeah Hollywood producer and Creator he does this thing that he calls curious conversations and so once a month or whatever it is he randomly picks someone that he finds interesting and he invites them over to his home to just hang out with and it's his ability to just be able to have a random conversation have a random interaction that may or may not lead to something professional sometimes it doesn't go anywhere exactly like There's No Agenda behind it it's just a conversation yeah which You' land up that's so interesting actually I don't really go for any parties or as such and even if I go it's usually just like show face and like you know be there for a couple of minutes and leave I I like to hang out with my like my close friends and we sit and we talk and that also doesn't happen very often so literally I was saying this I think a friend of mine the other days I've forgotten what it is to have a conversation and just ask people questions and have them ask me questions and just exchange and share I've always said this before I'm not good with small talk and the reason I'm not good with small talk is because I know it's just small and it's specifically for that moment so I can't really indulge in small talk very well but conversation I actually can do and I used to do very well but something's happened in the last couple of years I'm not sure I don't know it whether it was covid also in the middle that just sort of isolated all of us into our own cocoons and then life takes over I you know became a mom all my energies kind of focused there I felt like I was retracting a lot generally even like you know conversation wise I also have this thing where I take trips within you know a conversation like I have I take a flight and I come back but just getting to know people is always such a it's a different you know um facet to life and to your day yeah it almost requires like a different skill set different part of your brain a different part of your mind and if you get out of practice it can feel really hard to do that how will I know if you also are gone how do how do you know if I've taken a How will I know that you've taken a flight I think you'd know okay you'd know okay you'll just see it on my face yeah you know I also feel like a lot of what I've learned in life is through conversation you know um oh I one person said this to me or I you know the other guy was saying this to that guy and I picked this up I'll pick up more from what I hear through people and our conversations than I do from of course from a book and stuff but I think conversation sticks for me more than than the other things so I want to have more more conversations more things can stick yeah well you were saying this is the first in-depth conversation you've done in over two years yeah why is that and why now 2022 I remember I had a very uh fulfilling year as in it was very um beautifully chaotic there was a lot going on many film releases professionally one thing but personally I got married I had a baby um it was a full year I think that was the last time I promoted two films I remember in 2022 gangu Bai and then one of my favorites thank you and then Darlings after that amazing also but those conversations were very very kind of you know specific to fil film conversation I think I overs spoke that I just felt like I just have spoken so much I don't have anything more to say professionally then never came an opportunity where I wanted to or there was like somebody approached me to just sit down and have a conversation about life nothing to do with movies or whatever so it just didn't happen but I did stay away from doing interviews in 2023 only because I genuinely didn't have anything new to say professionally like like okay film is coming out watch it there's nothing nothing to say in fact a lot of people even said you know what's why have you like shut us out and I said I'm not shut anybody out I just don't have anything new to say once I feel like I have some something more to say Visa movies or films I'll I know maybe I'll take up an interview or something actually just talking about life it's not come my way yeah well thank you for trusting us and thanks for doing this I want to rewind back cuz I love learning about how who we were in childhood affects we are today I think and now that you're a mother too I'm sure you can see it even though it's very early days just how our early experiences creates such Impressions on who we become what we're attracted to and I wonder what did little Alia want to be or who did she want to be when she grew up I was fascinated by the television that's something that I remember very clearly when I was growing up in fact my mom and I speak about it right now because she said my God was I a horrible mother because right now I'm so conscious of my daughter's screen screen time not like she has any major screen time at all she's not even you know looked at the iPad but like even if she's watching a song on the television and stuff I'm like oh you know we should limit the time and my mother's like was I a horrible mother cuz we just let you be in front of the TV because I you know like that's that's was seemed normal at that time so I was like no you weren't horrible it was a new phenomenon at that time perhaps so but I'm grateful that she didn't stop me from being in front of the television because a lot of my dreaming and imagining and sort of getting lost in the world started from there so I love dreaming you know and that's my most fondest memory growing up whether it was in my classroom whether it was in front of the television uh whether it was like on my way to school on my way to something just getting lost in my own thoughts imagining being in in front of the camera one day not like I really knew the intricacies of being an actor or you know the layers behind Cinema and the shaping of Cinema in fact one thing I say very candidly is that my cinematic knowledge is not as strong you know I don't have not seen every movie in the book I don't know every director I don't know All Tech I I'm very popcorn like with my entertainment like oh good movie Let's watch it let's enjoy it you know I do have specific actors that I'm very fond of but I I don't have all the answers if you talk about like yester year actors and you know filmmakers or musicians or anything like that I I don't have all the answers and growing up also it's not like I was bookish about it I didn't study it I just experienced it through my imagination and like just enthusiasm to be entertained yeah so that was a lot of my childhood and of course memories with my friends and that's a very big part of who I am yeah endlessly laughing with my friends um doing random things till now we laugh about the same things that we laughed about you know 15 years ago so that's really basically what my childhood was all about you can't change the person's grain you know so my grain is to just like enjoy what I call like Mazza I Just Want to Have Fun I grew up watching Govinda and Karishma kapor dance so that I remember that as a very strong memory in my brain is that they kept dancing in different spots sometimes in a garden sometimes on the road sometimes on you know in the Swiss Alps and sometimes they kept changing their clothes so I was like why is any anybody stopping them from changing their clothes like you know and or why is anybody stopping them from stopping the traffic and dancing on the road I didn't really put two and two together and understand that this is a film is being shot as a crew I was also really little I think I was like three or four but I remember this question mark like what's happening behind that screen what's happening there it's fascinating and that's what really got me very attracted to that being my career in life yeah and then I think about it I'm pretty sure subconsciously you know my father's a filmmaker and my mother is a actor um than theater I'm pretty sure I just was hearing a lot of that conversation in the house and that must have gotten into my conscience somehow and that must have become a focus like interest Point naturally yeah but this connection that I formed with the television just me and the television happened very like oneon-one yeah I love that yeah my my mom told me that when I was a kid all I do was watch menia over and over again like that was the movie for some reason I have no idea why but like that was the movie that I grew up on I watch judai oh yeah okay yeah again and again and again yeah it's so weird right my mom's always liked to me like that's what you used to watch and now I probably watched the movie When I was a bit older and I was like it's good but I don't know why I watched it that many times and I was probably that that young age as well and it's it's amazing how there's Lasting Impressions from that the most important moments in my life you just want these people around you you don't want many people around you you just want your really close friends around you and your family around you it's definitely ever evolving the feeling of motherhood when you speak about surprises there are multiple surprises on a daily basis would you say that you were always a confident kid and teenager or did that take time to build I was pretty confident I don't think I had confidence issues I was very happy on my own you know when you're in school sometimes you find the need to be like hang out in groups although I had a very healthy group my friends would always make fun of me and say why are you always walking walking alone you always end up walking alone with a frown on your face because my resting face is a frown right so a lot of the times people think I'm upset about life actually I'm not upset about life I'm just living life because my resting face is a frown so I'm on my phone doing something and then like what happened did something happen I'm like no everything's fine but my face is like this um so that's my resting face so I was very comfortable being on my own doing my own thing as I am now and I think that's also a second child thing is what from what I understand is because you're obsessive about the first child and the second child just grows up you know because you're like I can't do it all over again the same way at least the parent is like that I don't know but that's what I've understood and I've heard and I think a lot of that rubbed off on me because I know my sister and I respond to situations very differently and I'm always way more Let It Be who cares you know yeah so about things and she's but no but why but you know and all of that yeah it's a it's a it's an interesting one how people can see being alone as being distant when like you're saying it's actually I mean that this happen sometimes that people do might feel that because I'm a bit of like I'm happy being on my own that there is some like distance or there's a feeling of um not wanting to engage I don't think I not don't want to engage it's just like I'm very comfortable like staying silent as well yeah you know and that's what would happen in school it's not like I would not want to hang out with my friends but I was okay also just walking by myself I didn't need to hold somebody's hand and walk and I think that said a lot about just my dreamer personality what I was talking about earlier yeah and gives me the space to sort of float a bit and you were talking about friendship uh which I think such an important part of our lives and it seems to be such an important part of yours how have your are those friends that you had then I assume they're the same friends you have now they're people that you've kind of grown up with yeah the exact same friends what's their life look like like are they all in the industry too are they doing different things like so um most of them aren't just my best friend um Ki aansa she's also an actor we all have like live in different parts of the world like four of us live in Mumbai one of my best friends she lives in New York the other lives in Toronto one lives in London one lives in sing or we a group of Nine Girls and honestly the reason I have to give them a lot of credit because the reason was I can still say they're my best friends and we're so close is because of the patience that they've given me you know my journey uh as an actor started very early I started working at the age of 17 and when you're newly you know pursuing your career your focus becomes your career and even though I always made it a point to hang out with my friends sometimes you start taking your friends for granted um and I that naturally did happen and of course the great thing is the same things that we used to fight about 10 years ago is the same thing that we possibly fight about today so what what's lovely is nothing's changed um but what's also lovely is that there's still something to fight for you know um and it I do give them a lot of credit for that for just being patient with me you know showing up even though many times I can't show up cuz I'm work or I'm I'm working or I'm here or I'm there you know um making excuses for me when when I'm unable to be at a particular you know getaway or a party or a dinner but I do my bit to you know reconcile and you know make up for it um but J they really like my family and I and that's something that's very clear that when you make friends that stay with you for so long they they they are family and a lot of people told me that you know actors don't really have friends I don't know said that yeah so like but why this is in the in the beginning when I started acting and when you know your friends are your life um that usually doesn't happen because you end up leading such isolated lives and you're so busy it's very difficult to hold on to the earlier friendships also it's difficult to understand an actor's life or somebody who's in the industry their life because it's so random and halfhazard so props to them for really like yeah they they've really and they've made an effort to even understand my work but now everything's changed because now I've have I have a daughter you know so now it's like and now it's all about like they don't even want to talk to me they just want to talk to her I was like FaceTiming my friend yesterday who was in New York and we were FaceTiming and Raha was there my daughter and her foot was in my face and I was trying to talk about something very serious and she's like I'm sorry just can't focus because I'm only looking at rah's foot is in your face yeah I love that I love that I want to I want to jump I want to talk about R in a second but when you're talking about your friends I don't have an actor's life but my life is also on a plane traveling moving around and I speak to my best friend who was my best man at my wedding probably three times a week and I completely agree with you it's all because of him because when I call him he'll make time yeah he'll shift his schedule he'll be a yeah available to figure out a way and because of that it allows me and ask to maintain this friendship when you know I left living in London eight years ago and we've been able to with all our time zone issues and everything else maintain this friendship that we've had for 20 years now and I'm so grateful to him because you're so right that if individuals like that and again we do our own part and make up for it and now I'm flying to Dubai to go and see him because he now moved to Dubai and so I'm making sure that I go and take out a few days to just catch up with him yeah like when when I met you in New York for breakfast the day before that I was spent the whole day with my friend Mna who lived who's my New York friend um so the two days that I was there I made sure that I met her on the one whole day that I was there and it's it's like I do you do your best but I know in my heart that they're doing better and I'm very grateful to them for that um and whenever it feels like you know because it's a it's life's give and take right whenever it feels like one's taking too much and the other's giving too much you know we find a way to balance it out yeah yeah it is some something that really grounds me and I remember like at the most important moments in my life I you just want these family around you yeah you're so right what what was it like with your wedding with having them there was that like a special expi yeah we got married at home at at our house where we've been we were living together and are still living currently and uh yeah it was like 40 people and my girlfriends were like nine out of the 40 people and they're plus ones and and it was amazing and it and it's it's one of the Fondest Memories that I've had but like I remember even when I was you know in hospital like just i' give after I'd given birth and everything like I asked my sister you know have you told the girl s you know have you informed them it's the first it it comes to my mind like these things they sort of embedded in me in my body and um even though it's not every day even though it's not every week that we hang out and meet or speak as often they're a part of my life yeah in in a very deep way now now I'm not surprised that any of your friends want to ignore you and talk to Raha because she's so adorable I was I was just telling you I saw this video of you I think you and renir and her were traveling and the paps were like waving at her and said Hi and then she waved back and said hi and it was it was the most adorable thing I sent it to my wife straight I was like look how cute she is like she's adorable and how has motherhood been for you so far I remember like you said in New York you were missing her like I remember you talked about her so much like how has it been for you what has been a surprise and what has been something that you expected it to be that way I don't think you can prepare yourself for what you're about to feel to be very honest my mother said this to me earlier before I gave birth she said you know I said do you remember something something and she's like no I don't remember I said why don't you remember anything she said because you'll be surprised you forget you forget what happens before I forgotten a lot of what it was pre motherhood in terms of my feeling or my way of life or the way my brain functioned at that time my days are so full now in fact I wonder what I was doing with my time earlier even if I was not work like if I was not working what was I doing in the day because now it's a full day like wake up at 7:00 in the morning and you know she's at sleep asleep by 8:39 and I'm asleep soon after by 10:30 from 7 to 10:30 it's like on a you're on a treadmill you know it's just like you're running when you speak about surprises there are multiple surprises on a daily basis currently because she's a toddler she's a 2-year-old right like now she's just turned two so now she's really bubbling uh a lot of surprises every day it's definitely ever evolving the feeling of motherhood but I think one thing I can say for sure and it's a it it is a good thing but sometimes it can also be a bad thing bad is the wrong word but like it can be also be something that people have to put up with is that I think I've just of course become very incessantly protective ever since she was born so I remember the months earlier months um after she was born it was Bliss for me I really enjoyed the instant sort of survival you know like this this being needs me to survive at this moment you know that very survival sort of nurturing feeling even though there was sleepless nights Etc and of course I have to acknowledge the fact that I have a huge privileged in that aspect that I have help and I have a great support system and all of that but that instant sort of bonding period I deeply enjoyed it but I was also filled with so much worry and that's something that I have to talk about very openly and that's a very normal feeling is what I understand for mothers to feel especially new mothers to feel but what I also learned with time is that the worry doesn't go away it just changes form and depending on your personality as to how anxious your mind is or whether you know you're able to deal with certain situations better it might um move forward differently but it's a beautiful combination of Feeling Extreme love with extreme worry there's a lot of worry and by worry and I mean I don't feel like I'm stressed out or I'm like stressing her out I think I become pretty childlike when I'm with her one thing I'm pretty mindful about about is um to really enjoy her childhood you know a lot of parents who are like who have kids 18 year olds 20-year olds keep telling me enjoy this time enjoy this time in fact in New York I met a woman in an elevator who was there to drop her son off to college and she I was holding Raha in my hand who was um not when I was there for the Met right after I was holding Raha in my hand and you know Raha was fidgeting with her and she said to me she said just enjoy this time and I'm dropping my son off to college and time just flies and I could see the pain in her eyes so I really take that advice very seriously about enjoying the time so I really try and be very present with Raha which is something that I don't do very often in my other you know moments in life I'm always like people always telling me you've left the building you've reached home I'm always like 10 steps ahead but with her I'm I try to be a lot like in the present and in the moment and it happens more naturally because I want to joy every second but there is a sense of like you know I'm always like my heart is just way wide open and I'm just like always worried about something or the other Vis her but I'm I'm guessing that something that I'm just going to have to like live with for the rest of my life yeah what we don't realize is our parents are also just what we been discussing giant babies you're so used to like thinking about your life like this like this is my moment and my this and when you just got you think about it at a on a largest scale all the worry just disappears so when I look at the struggle and the suffering that there is in the world it really makes me count my blessings and be so grateful for everything that we have in our lives because it's hard for people in the world what's it been like to see when we become a dad and a girl dad especially like he's amazing he's very creative when it comes to entertaining her she entertains him as well like they both have a very special um friendship I would say their bond is not like you'd feel like they're two friends like either two adults or two toddlers you know different at different moments in life and he's like literally for when he looks at Raa it's like stars in his eyes there's that and of course for any parent but I when I see it because I've known rir PRI and I know him now I see the difference I see the difference in the way he is with people you know as a as a father he's just so sort of full you know it's not like he was ever edgy or ever he always had a very calm demeanor or anything but there's a fullness which I experienced firsthand and that I see on a daily basis and it's actually really sweet and special to you know watch their conversations and very often I'm just like sneakily you know videotaping a lot of their random moments and they don't even know I'm doing it eventually I guess one of them looks at the camera and then I put it off but it's just the beginning but the beginning is just so unique and special at least from where I'm sitting and from what I've seen and just to watch your partner also manifest love in that way is very interesting go on what do you mean I mean we have love for each other right I have love for r r has love for me I have love for Raha Raha has love for me and and rid and R has love for Raha so it's you see different moments of Love transpire differently in one house in one Under One Roof and it wasn't always like this right like Raha has come into our life now so you know the before and the after although I don't remember much of it like as I mentioned earlier but you know moments and you know feelings and you know how every like we' watched sunsets together but now when we're watching the sunset with her it's it's a different feeling yeah you know it's a very beautiful feeling yeah it's very fulfilling yeah so sweet you're making me feel like I've got so much to look forward to so I'm like yeah now I'm like I I I always tell I'm like I want to be a girl dad so bad like yeah and he really wanted to be a girl Dad yeah he really did I'm doing this thing where I send Raha emails um I've been doing it since she's born every month oh and um like just like an amalgamation of like photos and videos and what happened and just thoughts and feelings wow it's like yeah somebody somebody said that somebody this for somebody so I was like it's a great idea because it's like a live memory book you know I don't have the discipline and the energy to actually fill out an a physical memory book so I thought this is like a digital way of doing it it's easier to search and um and it's nice like when maybe she's 15 you know I'd give this to her and say listen this is all the memories that we collected for you over the years and go ahead and have some fun what a special gift what kind of things have you put in there right now just like photos um you know videos thoughts mainly just visuals of her with either like us with either one of us or her grandparents or you know her aunt or uncle and stuff like that and just random moments you know and like a little note that you did this today and you know we had such a lovely trip here and something happened and just sharing yeah whatever I can it's like within the moments whatever comes out at that time but yeah so when I'm sneakily recording the two of them it's uh and I sometimes when I review it and it's it's really very heartwarming to watch because you know that this is like something very special is just cooking like I remember in New York we were speaking about this and I remember my mom sent me a photo of like a baby walking down the street with like many bags like it was like a random like a Pinterest image or something and I discussed this with you and and we said we actually both agreed that we're actually all giant babies through through our lives at least for our parents like no matter how old we become we're still babies mhm you know um that's what they see that's what they see and I I see that now you know I see that now when every time I would travel my mom would say okay be careful before you cross the road you know take care of your arms and legs frustrated yeah I'm like what do you say what do you me take care of your arms and legs but I understand that now yeah yeah I I mean I'm not I'm not a parent but everything you're saying to me even when I think about it for a second I think I'd be exactly the same I'm like that with my friend's kids like if my friend's children are over and I remember my friends I can't remember what they were doing something called Adventure parenting or something I can't remember those one of these parenting techniques so we're sitting at one end of a living room the kid is at the other end of the living room and she's like just learned to walk but she's like putting her hands through candles like this and so I'm about to run over and like take their kid away from the candle and they're like no no no she'll learn and that was their parenting technique okay and my heart was like I was and it's not even my child but I'm feeling so much and you know I'm constantly like whenever I see kids running around again friends kids in my home or whatever I'm like looking for their heads to not bump against the table like I find myself even being that way now so I can't imagine when it's your own child like you know one thing is worry for the physical physical danger or within the moment but the other worry is also worry whether you're doing your parenting bit right worry whether you're giving them you know the right tools to go with and like and she's so small right now she's two so there's no need for me to be thinking about all of this but every moment moment is a learning right if I'm trying to impart some sort of Life knowledge to her in a specific moment say she's having dealing with an emotion and I need to help her deal with it because basically what what from what I've un understood is that this is where they really start like pushing their boundaries and understanding the world and instead of confining them to specific emotions that this is the way you're supposed to be and this is the way you're not supposed to be you help them deal with every emotion you know spec because happiness is easy to deal with but the other ones are not right um and it starts it starts now it starts very early so giving her the tools to deal with these emotions I need to have those tools myself as well number one number two I think this is where my you know cutting fast forward into the future happens is that I I know I can't be a perfect parent and from what I understand is I can just be good enough but I have to be able to be so present and one with her feeling what she's feeling asserting certain um values and behaviors but also just letting her be you know so there's so many of these permutation combinations that I'm just like constantly toying with so that's one other worry about like just future and life and then of course there's this physical thing then is she eating well and is she sleeping well and you know uh what's going to happen tomorrow and what's going to happen day after and I'm also a working mom again I have to acknowledge my privilege I do have a great support system around her but the worry is not going to leave you know like oh if I'm away is somebody going to say something is she going to pick up on something that I would not want her to pick up on all those things but you know you just take each day as it comes and just move forward so I guess the reason I'm speaking about it is because it's it's a very real feeling and it's not something that I just got figured out since day one I I'm constantly sort of wrapping my head around it on a daily basis but apart from that it's joyous no I appreciate you being so honest about it because I think the worry point and especially what you raised this idea that as humans we judge much as being a parent because you can almost really see how this innocent beautiful being is taking on so much of your energy your words your behavior the environment and I think that almost makes us so mindful and thoughtful because with our partners with our parents we can you know we can kind of be a bit LAX and sometimes we can say things we don't mean or whatever but when you're with a child it's almost like you realize how precious they are and and how those exchanges are and it's so interesting what you're saying this idea of self- judgment and and it's fascinating because I've met people who've said my parents were always around and gosh it was really really hard and then I meet other people who say my parents were never around and it was really really hard and then you hear my parents forced me to study this and I don't like them for it and then someone says my parents forc me to study this and I love them for it and it's it's almost like you kind of look at that and you go well how do you win you don't though that's the thing because human beings are hard what we don't what you discussing giant babies you know so we're all figuring I know I'm a mother right now and it's not like I've got it all figured out and I have by by all figured out I mean it's not like oh I have all the answers to life you know for every particular issue most definitely do not I'm very grateful for the life that we have and the comfort that we enjoy and I literally I'm so much more grateful after becoming a mom it's it's so surprising how you're I think what we were talking about what's surprising I always found myself to be somebody who had you know a decent amount of empathy but I think the empathetic quotient just truly multiplies once you're a mom because you you picture your child in every situation so when I look at the struggle and the suffering that there is in the the world and it's not I'm always somebody who likes to believe in the good and the positivity and I'm always trying to put out oh the there's light at the end of the tunnel and you know it's going to rain because the sun can Shine That's my belief and you only is appreciate the sunshine when they're these are all great quots for Instagram but when it's real life um and you see the suffering and and and the struggle that some people have to go through it's you really have to be just take a second and be like wow everything's good you know just cut to a wide shot and everything is great in fact very often what I do especially when I'm having a bad day I have this little balcony at the back of my my bedroom and it's like really small it's more like like an like a fire exit or something and I just go and stand there and I can see a lot of because in bumbay a lot of the buildings especially where I live are like very close together so this my sound a little creepy but when when um I go and stand there I like like I look I just have like a wide view of activity in different people's homes somebody's walking with some clothes somebody's watching television I'm not looking into their bedrooms but it just gives me a sense of Life existing whilst yours is and it just puts a lot of things into perspective because you're so used to like thinking about your life like this like this is my moment and my this and when you just cut and you think about it at a on a larger scale all the worry just disappears yeah you know and you just you just you take a second and you just feel very grateful for where you are in life yeah I could tell how much that was yeah you look on the verge of tears I mean that's what I'm saying when I talk about it because that's how much maybe internal body I have just as a person for people in the world and also for most most importantly for my loved ones and for my daughter but that's how my world has opened up I think post being a mom way more aware about the other life that exists as opposed to your own yeah have you thought about things you want to do or get involved in to help the communities or people that you're noticing or things like that that I mean I I i' rather do and not talk cuz sometimes it feels like you're talking to make a point as to see what a great person I am I think there's defitely on a I can I can be a way nicer person on a daily basis and way more helpful but I do whatever I can do and um help however I can help whether it's you know for People for Animals whatever I can do but of course I think I'm probably just even not even scratching the surface um there's way way way more that I can do on a daily basis no I appreciate that I think I think all of us can and feel that way and you're right it's better to do and not talk so I appreciate your humility in that way and and keeping it that way I was thinking about this idea this concept you brought back from our conversation which shows that you're a good listener and have a great memory because the fact that you're recalling our conversation from like nearly a year ago now if not two years maybe a year ago a year ago now yeah yeah now two years AG yeah in 2025 correct two years ago right it was 2023 now or no maybe 20 yeah we yeah 23 23 and so like this big 24 was it 24 yeah maybe it's maybe it's 24 um but this big baby idea what parts of yourself do you think you're still babying or that are still a baby in your own self emotionally oh I think I still experience okay speaking just about movies in cinema because I think when I watch a movie I experience it like I like a childood you know I I'm not um measured with my emotions or my responses in fact very often I'm like if I'm watching whoever I'm watching whether it's you know rid or my sister or something I'm like what's going to happen now why is she doing that they're like we did not make the movie we don't know but I'm like I'm just so involved in it and I just need to know I'm like chatting through it um so I think in that way um so ranir is like a silent Watcher ranir is yeah he and he's he between the two of us is is much better you know Visa his Cinema knowledge and movies and he's way more diligent with it in fact a lot of my movie watching experiences is shared with him and because of him yeah but like I I'm like always and then he was like he's like we we'll find out I don't know you know same with my sister I'm like shine why why is this happening and she's like I don't know Al I did not make it you know um so in that sense I'm I'm very physically involved so I'm not like an adult watching a movie and all I'm a child um I think still this would happen to me as a as as a child as a kid a lot is that if I'm like exhausted tired I would just cry you know and not realize why I'm crying and I'm like thing is horrible and my mother would be like darling are you tired do you need just everything's a bit hard so that happens to me when I'm tired even now I suddenly like just start weeping about something completely random and it happened to me a couple of weeks ago actually I was with my friends and I just started crying about something not being right and they're like are you okay and then they're like I'm just tired I not had a good night's sleep so that happens to me a lot I think also curiosity I don't think um my curiosity has left me I can see that now as when like with Raha and stuff she always wants to know but why why doing that why is that who's that who that person like it always wants to know everything I want to know the conversation that's happening across the room between two people that I know of course and I'm like watching them speak and you know like trying to read what and then like lip read what they're saying to each other and if I couldn't understand bits of it then I just asked what happened what happened who said what you know so the curiosity is still alive yeah yeah rad does it with people we don't know we'll be at restaurant she'll be like let's pretend we know what conversation they're having it let's have I love doing that she loves doing that I love doing that I'm like just talk to me man like she's like she's like no no this more interesting let's do this like all right then especially if somebody's having a fight then you want to overhear it even more yeah yeah yeah she's like what do you think they're talking about let's let's pretend to have their conversation I'm like I don't know what they're talking about I know nothing about them like it's okay whatever it healthy baby that's all of course yeah that is the number one no that is the number one priority you're right a healthy child is is the most important priority but there's there's particular things and and RI is one of two girls so she's kind of used she's like okay with that and so but you had no preference you were like kind of like whatever comes yeah I was like just help you know that time I was just thinking about like health health health everything goes well smoothly but of course I think she's really like I said even for my girl gang they were like so excited like we have one girls trips are now going to be so different you know my best friend one of my best friends is getting married this year and she's like are you coming she's like yeah she's like I don't care if you're coming I hope Raha is coming I was like yeah rah's coming I love that what what's has Rah already watched any of your movies already no she's too she's too small to like watch a full movie She's watched multiple songs um of mine and and be and now we've sort of exposed her to other people's songs as well but she I think now she's got this feeling that everything is Our Song in fact the other day we some song played and I was like oh it was like I think it was a Shah ruk Khan song from Moab and I was like I was doing some dance step and she's like Mama your song so I was like no mama papa song so I was no this is Shah ruk Khan [Laughter] song you've played so many powerful women on screen so many and I've always admired you for the choices of roles you've played I think I said that to you when we first met what's the one you are excited for her to see is there one movie that you think I can't wait for her to be able to watch this and obviously different ages she'll be able to watch different ones but I mean when she's much older i' I'd want her to at in her own time watch the films that really sort of um shaped me as an actor and the experiences that I learned a lot from like for example a film like Highway MH um and a film like gangubai or or a film like razi RI I was say but in fact I recently realized that I I don't have many child I mean some of them but like very like child friendly definitely that's why I was saying that at a certain age yeah so so in fact that M has made me want to take up a film that is loved by kids or that is like a kidfriendly film it's recently made me want to do that and I'm now I'm I'm on the hunt yeah cuz now you're looking at your filmography and going CU she's going to have to be 18 years old watch ex I was like yeah she can watch a couple of films I'm not sure how much she'd want to watch like gangu Bai and you know Highway at this age or not this age or even when she's four or five or six I want her to enjoy films that are like so I know brahmastra is a film that kids liked a lot like when I meet kids now they say brahmastra or they say like Rocky Rani and I like your this song kids more they like songs songs yeah I remember like I grew up watching songs I mean my memory is more so of Music MH and that really leaves a longlasting Impressions there one thing that I feel very grateful for is that I can sing to my daughter I mean I'm I'm glad I have a decent voice um because very often you know she demands songs out of me and I'm just like singing and I'm like especially when I'm putting her to sleep so yeah now I'm on the hunt to do like more kid-friendly yeah I love that I could see you doing a voice over too of an animation or oh yeah love that i' love that that would be super fun I could see you do that what's a role that you played that you see yourself in that most felt like you is there a role that you played that feels like you personality wise I don't see this um a lot of the people who uh who who love me and who know me say this and it's going to sound bizarre but they say I'm gangu no way yeah they like this they say that that's my Alter Ego you know the personality the boisterousness the way she not not her situation of course not her circumstances but the way she and I think that's also somehow there was like a nice push and pull in in in playing that part she was very gangster she was very I think that is my Alter Ego I don't think that that's the way I am in my real life um but it's it is definitely the part that I enjoyed depicting the most um in a sort of humorous way a lot of my friends and people say you're gangu she's gangu Bai you know and they say that um but I think there is some truth to that only I guess from the essence of the fact that she's a child but she's got a certain like yeah she's got some spice exact some like some fieriness and then what's a character role that you played that you'd like to borrow some energy from so I think at this particular moment I need some playful bubbly energy which is like sort of superficial if you call it or frivolous or it's just like silly and silly yeah um so I was actually thinking about this the other day but I feel like I need some of that so Doan had a bit of that Doan had that but she was also a little like a journalist you know a little maybe I can take it from Rocky's character from Rani so much but there's this character that I played in HTI sharmak her name is kavia I was actually watching a song of that the other day and I was like I don't remember who you know that girl was at that time that feeling not like I feel like I'm like old or something like that but there was like a silliness there that I feel that I can do more with you know cuz I think I was pretty silly and now I've just become a little bit more in control at most times yeah which I think I can do with some silliness yeah yeah I I feel like when I met my wife I was like I took life very seriously and she's like just silly and playful all the time and it's so helpful having that because otherwi you're so right you just kind of get stuck in your ways but honestly you asked character so I said I named this character because I was also watching this song the other day but actually I when I I have I have my daughter in front of me and I I get that silly from her yeah so actually I just like I was saying earlier I just tune into that moment with her I just need to do it more for me though like for my vibe and not just when I'm with her yeah yeah you know be more open to a silly joke as well yeah you know and like crack a silly joke if at all I think I don't do that anymore okay yeah it's become a bit it's BEC a bit too grown up yeah do you are you someone that energizes when you're on your own or energizes when you're around people certain people can really energize me yeah but I think I'm mostly energized on my own yeah yeah more than a certain number of people I think can really drain the energy out and that's does tend to happen say say if I've gone on a promotional tour for a film because you're just meeting so many people in you're engaging by the end of it I'm just drained you're just Zapped you know because you're just constantly engag in so much I think I'm also one of those people who is very you know I like I think of there being like this sort of twinkly light in front of me where I feel like I'm always I can take people's energy in pretty quickly I'm not somebody who's just blocked off to everybody's energy so if somebody's walked into the room and they're not having a bad day that'll reach me very quickly if some something has happened um which is a like chaotic situation it's not like I can block it off yeah so I'm very receptive to people's energies so I can you know almost like it it comes right to me so which is why I maybe prefer to not engage as much and to stay out of most conversations and or to stay like speak to just the people that I'm most comfortable with because I'm familiar with their energy there's nothing new there what do you do with the energy when it comes to you when you're sensing new yeah oh it does I behave very weirdly sometimes I really do have I've noticed that about myself later on I'm like why did I behave so weird in that moment and like a friend like somebody who knows me very well would be like I find it strange talking to you at party sometimes Alia because you can behave really strange and say some very strange things because you're so I'm so confused with the different multiple energies I don't know what to do with them you know but what helps is your surround system and the people that are around you especially the team that I work with they know me so well that even if I'm having a day like that that's why it's very important for me when I'm working with a particular team for me to be very comfortable with them because if I'm not comfortable with them all this will add to my daily energy zapping you know again it seems like I'm talking about all my energy and my things that they might have their own day and I'm very receptive to that as well and everybody's sensitive to everybody here because I'm talking about myself I just thought that like you know it's important to find a way to go through the day where you do your own thing and you don't demand too much from people and likewise vice versa I don't demand too much from people as well when I'm going about my day when did your self-care and mental health advocacy work begin like what was it that led you in that direction where you started to prioritize selfcare talk about anxiety talk about mental health like when did that become important for you and why I think my sister she was a huge part of that I think and obviously I'm doing it at a very small level whenever I can talk about it through my own lens I do Shaheen my sister wrote a book um it's called I've never been unhappier and um she's you know lived with depression since she was 13 and um has built some amazing Tools in life to be where she's at today and she speaks about it beautifully so something about her honesty um made inspired me to talk about it not in a way where you seem like you're complaining about your life because again you're not in a position to complain you have it all but just to talk about it so that somebody somewhere watching might just resonate with it yeah and feel like oh okay you know I was I was having um I was having the same day or I I I have the same feelings so it's I'm not alone you know everybody feels it it's it's happened very often with me where I've seen some aess celebrity Hollywood International or like even here speak about something and um I've resonated or connected with that and I was like oh they're feeling it as well so you know it's happened it happens with all of us so that's when I think I became more open to talk about having any specific xiety and also I was recently clinically diagnosed with it so I had a proper wow backing for me to not just say I'm just having an anxious day okay it's it's not just that um ADHD and um anxiety and I actually seed it out only because I was actually finding it very hard in um my body was heating up in Social Gatherings and I was like physically responding to it um so I was also finding it very hard to focus on certain things and my focus was going in and out and then I realized that I gave myself a lot of credit for being some an amazing multitasker and then I realized that yeah I can multitask but it does take a toll on me and I need to understand why it's taking a toll on me because I'm forgetting the most random things like things that I have scheduled I'm forgetting why am I forgetting these things so I did a test professional test not like some random personality test or something um over 3 days and you know I was diagnosed with ad DHD and anxiety and immediately I was happy my ADHD in me gave me it gave me information right so whenever there's lack of information is when I get most thrown off um so I'm always seeking information Comfort very averse to change so the minute I was aware of these things it's actually made the dealing much simpler and I'm not on any medication or anything although I can be but I chose not to and I'm actually just actively working on it to help um get through it yeah and I think I manag pretty well yeah thank you for sharing that I mean I think it's so useful for people to hear that because as you said we always think everyone else is doing just fine and especially at parties and events it's fascinating to me how many people who go to these whether award shows whatever it may be the amount of people who say to me I am so anxious and everyone's feeling that way everyone's going through it everyone's worried about what they're wearing how they look how the knight's going to be who they're going to bump into like it's so incredible that everyone's feeling the same way yeah everyone's trying to act normal and so I think you know people like yourself sharing that you feel it you experience it and also how a diagnosis can actually relieve you of that pressure it does yeah and relieve you of that stress because it makes you feel like you know the your there's a lot of con there's a lot of noise there's a lot of chatter in your brain and you feel like is it just my brain or is it just something that is happening to me today and the minute you find an answer to it you feel like oh it's not it's not something that I was just making up for myself that's what it is yeah and it just I think it's comforting it's comforting to know that you had an inclination that something was holding you back from going about your day in a specific way and now there's an answer to it yes you get the comfort and then you put specific sort of you know structure in place in your life to help you get through that and whatever that may be to each his own I chose to find ways to Center myself through different ways and you know support use the support of my team to like maybe delegate a little bit more do things so that I'm not remind me about certain things all those little little things so I was like forgetting the most random things but I think the need for getting it more in order came after being a mom cuz I was like I don't want to forget anything related to my daughter you know I think that was my big fear again parenting pressure which that you yourself Etc but yeah that would that happened I think last to last year and it's been a while since that happened the reason I also again talk about it is not to seem like oh I'm having such a hard time and look at me and like you know feel bad for me it's none of that and I think a lot of the times it's me and my sister when we sit and talk about it it's not like we're only talking to each other about how we're struggling but it'll just somehow come up when we're talking about this happening and it's just understood that it's because of XY Z reason so the next time you talk about it there's no need to explain again so it's like an unsaid conversation so I think the reason I'm also talking about it is that maybe a lot of times I might respond a certain way in a public event or a gathering or a situation or a conversation or a talk maybe I'm responding because of XYZ reason yeah you know yeah for sure for sure and you were reminding me of something when you talked about multitasking uh there was a study that showed that only 2% of the population the world population can actually multitask but when 98% of people here that they think they're that 2% and so everyone thinks that they can multitask but really it's it's such a rare rare rare ability I actually realize I cannot multitask I definitely can't I can't because I like I I I can't so I can take up multiple multiple projects projects yeah at the same time and I can I can be diligent the word is I can micromanage I can micromanage multiple things but I definitely cannot multitask I thought I could always multitask when I can't yeah no but it's what you said it the the trick is you think you can do it and you can probably do it for some time but what you don't realize is that that battery runs out and then very quickly you realize you can't do it at all and so maybe you can do it for a day or maybe you could do it for an hour or two maybe with certain things I mean I would always say I think women are always used to multitasking and all maybe we are I don't know I would say this but I've grown to realize about myself that in fact I almost stop hearing one thing if I'm focusing on the other it's like just my brain just shuts the other part down yeah what have been some daily practices or habits that have changed your life that have really helped you deal with the crazy schedule now becoming a mother playing all the different roles that you play what have been some non-negotiables that you've really had to hone in on I have to be very Frank here because there have been multiple habits that I tried to set in place for myself but I've not followed through with either so I'm one of those people who hasn't uh been able to they see when I I'm not talking about getting a workout in or that's like a daily habit which has become like a part of my life now it's not even a habit looking outside the window and listening to music and really unwinding I'm not talking about those things because those are that's life but like for a brief period I was used to write things down so I could remember it I don't do that anymore for a brief period I used to meditate because it used to help center me I don't do that anymore for a brief period I used to color and paint whenever I used to feel anxious I don't do that anymore I just don't do anything anymore you know so I'm actually because I love that Honesty yeah because a lot of people sometimes feel like especially now it's 2025 started the new year you need to set new resolution need to do something new you need to you know um take control of your life in this particular way there is that pressure to do that and do that and do that and do that and in fact there was this challenge called the 75 hard that I heard about and I was like oh I'm going to do the 75 hard and you know I'm going to do this and my sister was like Alia you're not because you have enough going on now you don't need one more challenge you know you're a mom and you're working and you're doing like don't like right now you others might be able to specifically you do not need to take this on and I was like yeah why am I going to take it on because again I'm going to be compelled to go through with it and I'm not going to be able to go through it and then I'm going to feel like a failure yeah which is fine I'm okay with feeling like a failure but you know why do I add something more to my plates so I've just realized to cut the Clutter do what comes naturally so there's nothing new that I can speak about as a non-negotiable um because I haven't stuck with it that's the TR I love the honesty I think that's going to help so many people just like you don't yeah it's it can get so like you hear like well some I remember at one point in my life my morning schedule is still pretty intense but it used to be even more because I'd have journaling and I'd have gratitude I have this and I have that and so much of it what I've realized is becomes natural yeah and so now it doesn't need to be this forced habit like my like my workouts are perhaps for myself you know become so natural that I have to get a workout in Daily like 6 days a week for example I'll give last year the start of 2024 I started the Year by finishing a book and I was like Wow because I hadn't finished a book in a really long time I was like wow this year I'm going to finish at least five books that was the last book I finished last year I love it it's not cuz I would always start a book and not finish it you know um so I read a couple of books on like parenting and this and that and like different different things but I not finish the books I like I'm going to finish five books this year didn't finish anything I love it so already like you know mid mid 2024 I was like I'm already slacking you know I'm already behind my goals so I decided this year I'm not going to make any resolutions or whatever I'm just going to be just going to live going to go about the day and do what comes naturally because if it comes naturally it'll stick yeah and it'll become a part of your life anyway yeah I think you're going to relieve a lot of people pressure and stress yeah I think it is it is important to acknowledge that not going through with new tasks that you s you set for yourself for self growth is okay as long as you're mentally conversing with yourself and actually being aware of the areas of growth that kind of growth is enough I'm very eager to grow in life spiritually mentally physically emotionally but you can do that through through listening and through ation and through talking to yourself mhm conversation with yourself I think that's my non-negotiable but I don't call that a daily practice I think that's like that's an hourly practice yeah you know yeah that's constant that's constant and that everybody does so that's also enough but I do have to say it's very therapeutic for me to watch other people go about their regime and their lives on Instagram reals when I see like Sunday resets and Saturday resets and people lighting a candle and cleaning their house I love it it's so relaxing just you feel like you did it yourself yes I think that's what it is it's a guilty pleasure cuz it feels like it was me but actually not yeah you just living vicariously through them it's like ASMR as well it's like that feeling yeah are you an ASMR fan yeah yeah yeah it's such a like it's such a therapeutic healing process seeing people do things that are good for themselves for sure it's amazing IIA it's been such a joy talking to you today thank you so much for being so open being so honest I think you made me laugh you nearly made cry you nearly made yourself cry uh it's been such a joy getting to know you more deeply and I'm so grateful that my audience did as well we end every show with the final five these questions have to be answered in one word to one sentence maximum we do this with every year so aliat these are your final five the first question is what is the best advice you've ever heard or received from my father I'd rather be stupid than pretend to be intelligent when did he say that to you and how has it impacted you he said this to me when I think I was wary of asking a question in class and he said you'd rather be stupid than pretend to be intelligent because if you don't ask the question you'll never learn especially today I think there's um such little patience for getting things wrong so I rather be wrong then pretend like I have the answer because if I have the answer and I'd never know the reality like I would never know the answer and I don't mean this like can Google the answer if I have to and pretend that I have the answer but I rather not do that I'm okay with not having the answers cuz I learn it when I if I ask the question yeah I love that advice uh second question what's the worst advice you've ever heard or received it was very simple I think it's and that left a big impression on me it was very simple like why can't I do that it's because you're a girl somebody said that to me so it didn't make sense to me I think I was very young it was a very simple thing about maybe going out somewhere or something why can't I do that because you're a girl have you felt that continue in any part of your career that was yeah um that kind of judgment and like I said not off late not not that I can remember in any specific way I'm sure many people have though uh it's continuous but not something that I've experienced off late that I can remember very clearly Yeah question number three how did you choose the name Raha I think so this was when both R and I were you know like eager parents asking we have family group asking all the family members to give both boys and girls names so we're prepared so we can zero down on like a girl name and a boy name um so there were multiple boy names and multiple girl names and um we really liked one boy name we said okay this is a lovely boy name um which I'm not going to reveal now and we said okay this name is lovely now any more girl and then my mother-in-law Ren's mom suggested what about Raha it'll go very well with the boy name as well if you ever have a boy you know and a girl if you have a boy and girl both it'll be a really good combination and then she suggested a girl and girl combination as well but rir and I instantly loved yeah Raha so we had two names just boy and girl ready I love it does there have a meaning is there a meaning by it Raha yeah Raha means peace it means Joy it means bliss all all the things that she is to us yeah it's beautiful I love that it's a beautiful name it's so unique as well it's really nice uh question number four if you had to Define this chapter of your life in one word or one sentence what would you call it growth in what way you know there's a feeling where where you feel like your purpose is perhaps cuz it's about on purpose so your purpose is perhaps outward you know need to achieve this need to do that need you know need to this chapter of my life is very is very Inward and not like I'm actively feel like there's a need for it I'm just finding myself being way more interested in growth in the different facets of my life M as a parent as a partner as a friend as a person as a professional I'm eager to grow yeah you know not change anything majorly but really grow nice what's something you wish people knew about you that maybe they don't know I think most people know I'm random and um strange and all those things um but there's this friends has really impacted me the the TV show Friends and there's this one episode where Phoebe is being proposed to by her partner oh my God what's his name Dan one of them her final partner and he said phoe buet I love you you are this you are that and you're so wonderfully weird I think that's the one thing that really stuck with me is because I want people to accept all the wonderfully weird parts of them as I do of mine I love that you know I don't think anybody's perfect or has has everything in order or does everything correctly or like right or whatever um but I love being wonderfully weird I think I take pride in that yeah I love that I love that uh I've got two more questions I've added a couple in because I got so curious again uh what's what's your current dream what's you said you're a dreamer at the start what do you dream of now I'm a very passionate um actor professional producer I mean I I'm passionate about that so I have dreams with regards to my work which I don't think ever ends you know and I don't think I'm ever comfortable and I and I really like that about my mind you know um so I had a film released that last year that didn't do really well and that's given me a new Vigor for a new dream you know to try and do over you know it it's something that really that I feel very charged by so that's the professional dream and I think again to just soak up as many moments as I can with my family with my daughter and um if possible this year take a solo trip nice yeah alone for four days yeah I think rir and I both both discusted we both were very excited about it I said you know we both like carve out a time where you take like 4 days on your own and I take four days on my own and let's see what happens there where did this come from I don't know it came from us actually not not doing it in a really long while and both of us are like we're home bodies and Loan bodies you know like we like to loan around on our owns on our owns on our own um and we both Thrive um individ like together but individually as well yeah I love that any ideas where you'd go not sure okay we literally had this conversation two weeks ago any any types of places that call to you like not even actual locations but do you know what kind of I'm a I'm a fish pisan so I love the water so it would have to be a beach location cuz I love the water and the Sun and I would take many books and I would read them and I would finish them you know things like that so that's the that is the dream again it's a great very comfortable dream to have yeah are you big in the star signs oh huge okay so yeah because you said that Rah is a scorpion yeah raaj scorpion P what Daye is your birthday 15th of March 15th March I'm a number six and so is my daughter she's number six born on the year of six wow so I'm very into numbers and thanks to Punit my makeup artist who is also my dear friend she actually got me very influenced um into this whole astrology numbers situation teach us something show tell us that no no it's not like I have the I don't have the I don't have the but I know that and what's run beer he's he's a libran okay okay yeah I just love finding similarities between you know star signs and people and numbers it'll just naturally happen that I get along really well with number sixes you know my best friend ion is a number six three six and nine explain how you get the six for those who don't know the birth date or the birth um like the day and the month and the year so if I'm born on the 6th you are born on the sixth six September you're a number six I'm Virgo yeah does that make me a six see that's why we could have look that's what I'm saying that's why we could have a conversation got it got it okay so yeah if I'm born on the sixth number six yes yeah okay got it you're number six and then there's your there's your moon sign and your star sign and your sun sign and then that's little it's a little complicated I'm like looking at pun right now because whatever um I'm a burger yes a lot of my my best friends are Vos all my best friends are Pisces my sister's Pisces my best friend from my weddings of Pisces like March is like all my best friends are basically born between 8th to 18th of March this that's why we're having this conversation like so easily and apparently this year is very good for 3 six and N that's what I had too and and cancerians and whatever and viros and viros andos sorry so we are now getting into a completely different conversation but I'm very into this and I love finding similarities like I said my brain loves information so I love putting these things together and then there's an answer you know it's ready for you this all makes sense you know it's all it's all laid out for you I love it when did this Fascination start I think when when when I started working with pun and she would talk a lot about it so then I would listen and then I would um the minute I start seeing result in in in the similarities I would be like wow that's true you know they're here there's an example like Mr bansali San bansali he's a number six as well oh wow and he's a pisan yeah right and we we got along like a house on fire so and even like my my best friends you know they're all either threes or nines or I very rarely get along with the four no offense to a four but I very rarely get along with four yeah I I found it shocking when I realized because obviously I've moved as well so like all my best friends whether I was living in New York London or LA are all born in March like it was fascinating to me I was like it just happened that way yeah and then you're like wait how does that work and so I don't know about it but so my sister Puja she's also a number six born on the 24th of February yeah uh also a pison she sent me this book and the March the month that I was born and it's so weird again it's all in this in the science right because I keep saying I'm a dreamer I'm a dreamer I'm a dreamer so she sent me this book of each week has like a certain theme to it you know somebody's the the perfectionist the the the balance and the something mine was the dancers and dreamers oh wow and I was like this is so strange because this is not something that I've read anywhere I've just said it you know maybe it was on a on a t-shirt or something I see or saw it and I liked it I don't know but it resonated with me yeah yeah yeah so I like finding these similarities what are these other hidden passions weird little quirks or things that you find fascinating I love planning okay you know I vacations or what both both I just that's a solo trip I love love planning it deeply fascinates me and like satisfies me there's like a hidden desire for me to be a wedding planner yeah oh have you ever planned it did you plan your own I did plan my own yeah of course I think I did it really well um what did you do really well what what what did you nail I think the most important thing in a wedding is food I agree and my wife would agree to you yeah so I nailed the food I didn't nail it yeah my chef nailed it um as in the catering uh service that we we hired um people want food and they want a great Vibe and um yeah I think it starts with food yeah genuinely so but just also like colors and combination and like you know like different themes and different so I really have in know desire like you see me getting all excited talking about to be a wedding planner so I'm telling my sister whenever she gets married I'm planning her wedding and she's not hiring a wedding planner I love that I love that and yeah planning your 4-day trip will be fun too yeah that would be fun actually I might not I might take a break from planning on that okay specific trip but I think because it comes from my need to micromanage when there are multiple people cuz right now for for our new year vacation we were like 20 people you know in puket and I planned it from start to finish and then when people are commending my planning and they're like you know you did such a lovely job and all that I'm like thank you thank you thank you very much it's the biggest compliment that I can receive I love it I love it uh Fifth and final question if you could create one law that everyone in the world had to follow what would it be I think to just be kind I love it Al but thank you so much I'm so grateful thank you for your generous time I was looking forward to doing this for a long time I'm glad we did it look forward to connecting with you again in LA and in your house with food with food yes my wife that's what she does so there's never any lack of food in our home I remember most most moments in life over food through food right we should eat and do this but uh no look forward to welcoming you and ran Reen beer over and uh thank you so much for your time so if you love this episode I need you to listen to one of my favorite conversations ever it's with the one and only Tom Holland on how to overcome your social anxiety especially in situations where you're not drinking and everyone else is we talk about his sobriety journey and so much more he gets really personal I can't wait for you to hear it it's going to blow your mind the quote is if you have a problem with me text me and if you don't have my number you don't know me well enough to have a problem with me

  Top Comments:
  1. @JayShettyPodcast. [303 likes]: What did you learn about Alia throughout the conversation?

I’d like to invite you to join this community and subscribe to the channel. By hitting the 'Subscribe' button, you're not just becoming a subscriber – you're choosing to make a positive difference in your life.
  2. @SKY98760 [1 likes]: She is so FAKE!
  3. @shefalo [1 likes]: Now that I think about it, the Bollywood industry thrives on gossip and there truly aren’t many opportunities for artists to just talk. So thank you for this. Especially since Alia is one of my favorite Indian artists
  4. @internetdog8687: A lot of people are assholes about Alia. 
Alia is an honest, genuine, nice person, with a fairly good moral compass. Some people are better without the fake intellectual layers needed to appear "hip" or "fashionable" because they are good enough as they are. Alia is like that. She's good by herself. At acting, at humanity, at life in general. ❤
EDIT: Exactly my point comes up in her father's quote at the end of the interview 🥲
  5. @EngineeredMindset: This have been a great podcast to listen
  6. @neko_marionette: jay shetty was so bewildered... this lady is so odd (?) shes so un-western
  7. @sandyasalgado: So I have begun to realize that though we think we multi task, we deal with one thought at a time, though we don’t realize that it is so. Therefore we actually do one task per thought. This is learnt through Buddhas teachings btw
  8. @HPSMultiVentureMs: Flag bearer of Bollywood Nepotism, right next to Karen Johar
  9. @sharonkour9721: She is so beautiful good to see her
  10. @pinkydubey7898: Her voice is shaking in the middle of conversation
  11. @VishalRai-dg7g: Alia Bhatt is an Over hearted woman.The way she told  about her life.... That was really amazing ❤ big heart 💞
  12. @sjjoshi1427: Yo ...1 crore
  13. @Yogita-m2h: She is me man 😮
  14. @Blueberryy169: Glorifying her mental ass and tagging DP as Depression queen sounds a big Game nexus
  15. @smritinegi8287: his name is mike
  16. @danielmichael6009: Stitching 😚
  17. @danielmichael6009: Urso beauty 😚😇😚
  18. @Skibidi_define: Im totally lost in my life🥺😭😭 29/1/2026
  19. @kangaBungnamei: I enjoyed everything that came out from her mouth.
  20. @هبوش-ع3م5ب: this was so relatable, love her honesty

- Justin Baldoni tears up talking about 'intense year,' 'anxiety' in new interview: Kind: captions Language: en-US Justin Baldoni tears up talking about 'intense year,' 'anxiety' in new interview

  Top Comments:
  1. @teresebrunoff1014: Blake lively is trailer trash

- Why You Feel Anxious Socializing (and What to Do about It) | Fallon Goodman | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Each person who entered our therapy clinic answer a stack of questions before beginning treatment. And during my years as a therapist there, there was one question I always reviewed before meeting with a new client. It asked this: What is your purpose in life? Defined as a central motivating life aim, something you're trying to accomplish. Now, to be fair, this is a difficult question. Identifying a single purpose in life feels really hard. It also feels consequential. Many people spend years searching for and developing their purposes, and some never find it. But typically we see responses like this: to be an engaged parent, to make meaningful change in my community, to build a career I'm proud of, to live for a long time, just keeping it simple. But then there was the answer of one young woman who I worked with. Before meeting with her, as I always did, I flipped to see how she described her purpose. And she wrote this: "To avoid being noticed by other people." This young woman, a bright, witty, compassionate high schooler, decided that her purpose in life was to make sure that other people did not know that she existed. This is the power of social anxiety. At its core, social anxiety is about the fear of being rejected. When we feel socially anxious, we become hyper-focused on how we are appearing to others. We scan the room looking for signs of threat and disapproval, signs we might have slipped up and are at risk for rejection. And then we seek comfort in signs of approval, smiles, head nods, laughs and so on. And while social anxiety can be exhausting, it exists for a reason. Social anxiety tries to protect us from rejection, and it does that by tuning us in to the nuances and norms and dynamics of a social group so we can match our behavior to fit in with them and ultimately avoid being rejected. This is a good thing because humans are social. We exist in social groups, we rely on each other whether or not we like that, but also more simply because rejection is painful. Take a moment to think about your own rejection experiences, however cringeworthy, we all have them. Maybe you were ghosted after a first date. Been there. Maybe you were rejected from your dream job. Maybe you were ousted from a friend group. Rejection's unpleasant. And social anxiety tries to protect us from it. But social anxiety becomes problematic when it begins to interfere with the life you want to live. And this happens when your fear of rejection becomes intertwined with your view of yourself. When you believe you will be rejected because you think you have some inherent flaw, deficiency or failing of character. You were ghosted after that first date, and you believe it's because you were not lovable or attractive enough. You were turned down from your dream job, intelligent or competent enough. You were ousted from that friend group, and you believe it’s because you were not interesting or funny enough. Our fear of rejection is really a fear of being less than. Less than we want to be, less than we think we should be or less than we believe society wants us to be. Now, over time, this belief system can develop into social anxiety disorder. When a person has social anxiety disorder, they become overly concerned about other people scrutinizing them, evaluating them harshly and ultimately rejecting them. So much so that they begin to construct their lives around avoiding rejection. Because if you can avoid being noticed by other people, then those people have fewer data points on which to reject you. Now, social anxiety disorder is one of the most common mental illnesses in the world. In the United States alone, more than 12 percent of Americans at some point in their lives will have diagnosable social anxiety disorder. That's roughly 40 million people. Now worldwide, the estimates are lower, they're four percent, which in and of itself is interesting. But based on current population estimates, four percent of the world is roughly 300 million people that will potentially have social anxiety disorder at some point in their lifetime. And despite how prevalent it is, it's widely misunderstood, widely misdiagnosed and often missed entirely. This is because several myths about social anxiety pervade our culture. The first myth is that people with social anxiety are happier alone. The stereotype of someone with social anxiety as a recluse who'd rather be hiding away alone in their bedroom than out interacting with the world. And this is simply not true. In research conducted in my lab, we find that people with social anxiety disorder desire strong, healthy, intimate relationships to the same degree as those without mental illness. And they do socialize, they’re not robotic aliens. And when they socialize, they often enjoy doing so. In fact, when we ask people with social anxiety how happy they are, they report feeling happier when they are with other people than when they're alone. This is because not all social interactions are stressful. Maybe someone feels socially anxious with friends but not their romantic partner. Or they feel anxious with strangers and acquaintances but not people like their neighbors or coworkers. So even though some interactions are stressful, people with social anxiety are not devoid of the basic desire for human connection. They just have trouble obtaining it in certain situations with certain people. OK, so maybe then people with social anxiety do socialize, and when they do, they enjoy it. But it's with a small, tight-knit group of people. And really, social anxiety is about avoiding the spotlight. And this is the second myth. Social anxiety is not necessarily about a fear of public performance. While this is true of some people, other people with social anxiety find performing in front of others less anxiety-provoking than smaller, more intimate conversations, like when they have to carry a conversation one on one. Many people with social anxiety excel in careers that are intertwined with social evaluation and social performance. Modeling, acting, sports. In May of 2021, Naomi Osaka declined to participate in press conferences of the French Open. She courageously and preemptively shared that they exacerbated her social anxiety. Shortly thereafter, she received a wave of public backlash and scrutiny. She goes on to play her first match, of course, wins, and then she withdraws from the French Open. Many people were perplexed about how someone could have social anxiety and also be the number one ranked tennis player in the world, lead a fashion campaign with Nike -- good choice -- and don the cover of Sports Illustrated in a swimsuit. In an interview the year prior discussing her social anxiety, Osaka explained: "On the court is completely different. I love playing at Arthur Ashe because it’s the biggest stadium, and you feel the rumble of the crowd. You kind of feel like a gladiator because it’s super-big and there are so many people watching your match. But off the court, if I was ever thrown into a situation where I had to speak in front of 100 people, I feel like I would start shaking." There is no one-size-fits-all profile of social anxiety. Just like people who are depressed have different collections of symptoms at different times for different reasons, social anxiety looks different in different people. And last and maybe the most problematic myth. That social anxiety is fleeting and harmless. Social anxiety is not just something you grow out of. It doesn't magically disappear when you graduate middle school or high school. Without intervention, many people struggle with social anxiety for years, for decades. And social anxiety can influence every aspect of a person's life. It can influence the hobbies they choose, maybe opting for solo activities like reading, writing, rather than things like team sports. It can influence the careers people pursue. Maybe opting for careers with more individual, like computer time, versus things like sales or customer service. And social anxiety could influence people's everyday lives. Ricky Williams, star NFL running back, Heisman-winning running back, dazzled millions of people on the football field every week. And yet he shared that he struggled with social anxiety, and because of it, he had difficulty interacting with teammates, running everyday errands where he'd have to interact with people and even interacting with his own daughter. The real tragedy of social anxiety is that it robs individuals of their greatest resource: other people. Other people help us overcome adversity, like recovering from illness or after you bomb a job interview. Other people help us celebrate milestones like showing up to the birth of our child or a wedding or a graduation. And other people help us overcome loss, like grieving the death of a loved one. Our fear of rejection gets in the way of obtaining and appreciating the benefits of being accepted, the benefits of other people. And in our modern world, it is harder than ever to manage social anxiety. We are more connected today than any time in human history, and yet we are lonelier, more depressed and more socially anxious than ever. We have endless tools to socialize, and yet we're seeing a decaying social connection. In a rapid amount of time, our social structures have been upended and rewritten. Technology and social media have created new standards for social relationships and interactions: "Do I post it, do I share it, do I like it, do I love it?" We create these bizarre extensions of ourselves through curated profiles and now avatars. We try to make sense of unlimited feedback from a massive and often invisible audience. And the costs of social blunders are higher. Things you do and things you say can live online forever and subject you to unforgiving scrutiny, reputation loss and even job loss. It is a tough time to have social anxiety. But the world will become more, not less, connected, and the influence of technology and social media will grow, not shrink. Now is the time to address social anxiety. And here's how. The first and maybe easiest thing we can do is identify early. Early detection is critical because of those who go on to develop social anxiety disorder, more than half will have developed it before their 14th birthday. More than half. And social anxiety puts people at risk for developing other mental illnesses later on. Of adults who were diagnosed with both social anxiety disorder and a mood disorder like depression, social anxiety came first 70 percent of the time. and alcohol use disorder, social anxiety came first. It was developed first approximately 80 percent of the time. What these data suggests is that social anxiety starts early, and it puts people at risk for developing other mental illnesses. But here's the incredible part. Social anxiety can be reliably and accurately flagged by asking just a few simple questions. Questions like: "Is your fear of rejection among one of your worst fears?" And "Does your fear of rejection get in the way of doing things that you'd otherwise want to be or enjoy doing?" The cost of asking these questions is like 30 seconds and zero dollars. We don't have to create new infrastructures. We don't have to upend existing ones. We can embed early detection programs into our existing structures like at schools, new year orientation, one-on-one counselor meetings and in primary care settings. Because if a doctor can screen for depression, then she can also screen for social anxiety. Early detection and then appropriately intervening can significantly alter the trajectories of young people. The second thing we can do is harness our platforms. One of the benefits of living in this hyperconnected world is that a single person can have a ton of power. They can use their platforms to create meaningful and lasting social change. I mentioned Ricky Williams and Osaka, who have used their platforms to share about their social anxiety. And just from these two people, we’ve seen a ripple effect. In response to Osaka's announcement, Viola Davis, Oscar, Emmy, Tony-award winning actress, shared that she struggles with social anxiety. A woman whose job it is as an actress to embody and express the complexities of people in very vulnerable and very public ways. But frankly, these celebrities are not the poster children for social anxiety. They're just three of the millions who suffer, who were brave enough to talk about it. And we can do the same with our platforms, however big or small. In our schools, in our workplaces, in our communities and in our homes. Because regular, candid and forthcoming conversations about mental illness ultimately reduce stigma, correct harmful myths and get people the help that they need. The last thing that we can do is foster social courage. Addressing social anxiety is not about preventing or avoiding rejection. Addressing social anxiety is about fostering social courage. Being socially courageous means pursuing experiences and knowing that your chances of rejection are not zero. In fact, the chances that you get rejected at some point in your life, at some point this year, are high. And worse, you may be rejected as a function of who you are. Things about yourself that you cannot change. Where you come from, what you look like or who you love. because they are important to you and knowing that the successes of those pursuits are not contingent on your worth as a human being. means knowing your worth and finding people and social groups that love and accept that person. And being socially courageous means asking that person out, applying for that job, speaking up at that meeting or that party or giving that big talk on that big stage, knowing that rejection lurks around the corner. But the opportunity for growth and for purpose shines brighter. A purpose not defined by ensuring that you go unnoticed in this world, but a purpose that makes you feel most alive, most present and most authentically you. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nprpodcasts [42 likes]: Enjoying this talk? You'll love the brand new TED Radio Hour series – Mind, Body, Spirit. Hear TED speakers share their eye-opening ideas on how we think, move, and feel. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2TjQf2riraLkqqFGxK65JI-leCAxm1eD
  2. @Nikiiiii-f6r [1 likes]: I just don't know how to start a conversation and even if i know the start i don't know how to keep it...just lose the words and hear crickets😂
  3. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: Answer me!
  4. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: Noooooooooo
  5. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: He he
  6. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: Can I subscribe?
  7. @idasharon9628: much needed, thanks!
  8. @TruRiteHere: I try to think about the worst thing that can happen. Why does what you think matter more than what I think of you? You should worry about what I think. That's the danger 😂
  9. @jakestone31: The high school girl must have been very intelligent. Avoiding being noticed by other people is a reasonable goal. Other people are dangerous.
  10. @BrendaRudman: I have social anxiety because I was shamed in front of the school at the circus at 5 by a teacher😢
I went from "I'm ok,you're ok" life position to "I'm not ok,you're ok"😢
  11. @sheilapaul1553: I AM Bigger than my incorrect thoughts about rejection!❤
  12. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Nuclear 💣
  13. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: I forgot to play block blast
  14. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
  15. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: He he
  16. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Not the time out!
  17. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: I forgot to play roblox
  18. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii   Find the u
  19. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Can I subscribe?
  20. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Can I subscribe?

- How to stop feeling anxious about anxiety | Tim Box | TEDxFolkestone: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello my name is Tim box and I feel anxious I feel anxious about whether or not I'm gonna remember what I came here to say I feel anxious about whether or not you guys are going to agree with what I came here to say and if I'm completely honest up until about 30 seconds ago I felt a little bit anxious about the possibility of tripping up this rug on the way out but I think feeling anxious about these things while seemingly unhelpful is perhaps understandable after all it's important to me that I say exactly what I came here to say that my message gets heard and I achieved this without falling flat on my face yeah right now anxiety makes sense but there was a time in my life when I anxiety really didn't make sense I used to feel the kind of anxiety that meant I would struggle to even walk into a room with this many people in it let alone stand at the front and give a talk now obviously something has changed since then otherwise I wouldn't be standing here now and I think the main thing that's changed is that whilst I still experience anxiety I no longer suffer with it but I didn't achieve this shift by trying to get rid of it now don't get me wrong back in the day that's exactly what I was trying to do I would do all I could to avoid any anxiety inducing situation I would arrange my daily movements specifically avoiding social situations if I felt anxiety starting to flare up I'd run away I do all I could to retreat to safety and then employ various distraction techniques to take my mind away from the horribly uncomfortable feeling that something bad was about to happen it turns out that was my big mistake you see you don't get rid of anxiety by trying to get rid of it truth is you don't get rid of anxiety at all now by some twist of fate or perhaps as a direct result of what I went through back then I now work with anxiety sufferers to help them understand and ultimately overcome those feelings I spent a large part of the last ten years talking to anxiety sufferers about their anxiety and whilst all those I spoke to had their own individual story their own personal journey with anxiety every single one of them at some point expressed exactly the same desire that I used to have the desire to get rid of anxiety completely can you imagine if we all achieved that a world without anxiety what would they even look like well for example this room would probably look empty anxiety is the feeling that tells us when something is worth demanding our attention so in some small way it was anxiety that reminded you you had somewhere to be today without it none of us would have turned up and those that accidentally did will be watching an empty stage none of us would have businesses careers because we wouldn't have regarded studying gaining qualifications as worth bothering with and none of us would have boyfriends girlfriends husbands or wives either here or at home because we just wouldn't have seen the value of washing and dressing up to make a good impression on that all-important first date that we probably forgot to turn up to so it seems anxiety is important but of course there are those that don't feel anxiety there are two very distinct groups the first group dead people dead people don't feel anxious you know and I think that's okay they're dead they've got enough to not worry about the second group would be those we might refer to as Psychopaths those people that for whatever reason lack the ability to have any concern for the consequences of theirs or anyone else's actions now I don't know how you were brought up but when I was a kid I was given the distinct impression that being part of either of these two groups would be undesirable so if being free of anxiety would be such a bad idea why do we regard feeling anxious so negatively now I think the very obvious answer that question is that it feels horrible when we suffer high levels of anxiety over a long period of time it can very quickly start to dominate our life even go on to define our existence of course we're gonna try and get rid of it but what if we can't what if all of our attempts to control our anxiety response ultimately fail and where do we go I think most people go along to their local doctor and I should say at this point I'm a big fan of doctors they've saved my life on more than one occasion and I feel a tremendous amount of sympathy for them when it comes to treating anxiety issues because it's really not what they signed up for and it's certainly not what they're trained for when it comes to anxiety doctors are restricted in three important ways firstly time you get somewhere between 8 and 11 minutes for an appointment with your local GP which is nowhere near enough time to effectively diagnose and treat an anxiety issue secondly knowledge doctors are taught that anxiety is a mental health condition and yet they're not mental health specialists if a doctor wishes to become one of those they have to train for a further five or six more years to become a psychiatrist and thirdly resources doctors are given precious little support when it comes to actually treating anxiety I can put you on a 12 to 16 week waiting list for some form of counselling but by the time we got to the doctor we're probably in such desperate need of assistance that being told we now have to wait three or four months to talk to some is not helpful that leaves the only other option medication I'm not a fan of medicating anxiety now whilst I'm well aware that taking drugs can change the way we feel back in the 90s I witnessed many of my friends on a Saturday night discovering that very simple truth but with medication comes all sorts of unpredictable and unpleasant side-effects and in the unlikely event we do find the drug that agrees with you that calms your anxiety response without any side effects then of course it's all too easy to now regard ourselves as dependent on that drug and then the possibility of developing a dependency on our anti-anxiety medication just becomes something else to feel anxious about the truth is a medical solution to a non-medical problem will not solve that problem it will at best just patch over it for a short while now the irony here is that most of the people I've spoken to they already know all of this they know the doctor is not a great option for our anxiety which then begs the very obvious question so why do we go there I believe we go there because these days we are told anxiety is an illness and this is perhaps the one certain result of going to the doctor for your anxiety you will come away from there labelled with an anxiety issue maybe even diagnosed with an anxiety disorder and now you have a brand new thing to feel anxious about during the thousands of conversations I've had with anxiety sufferers there was a common thread when asked what they felt most anxious about the answer was generally how anxious they felt and if it would ever stop this concern is almost entirely created and fueled by the idea that anxiety is an illness anxiety is not an illness anxiety is an emotion every emotion is important every emotion has a purpose every emotion is a natural and vital part of our human experience in that respect anxiety is no more sinister than any other feeling we might have if we didn't feel anxiety would be one emotion short of the full set that really would be a disorder I want to share with you now an analogy that might go some way towards helping us understand our emotional responses I want you to think of your mind like a ship every ship has a captain and a crew in this analogy the captain is your logical rational conscious part of your thinking it's the part that knows where you want to go why you want to go there and has a fair idea of how you think you gonna get there unfortunately the part of our mind that has its hands and all the things that steer and sail our ship that's the crew that's your subconscious your subconscious is in charge of all of your automatic responses so your patterns of thought and behavior your belief systems and perhaps most importantly your emotions your crew sail your ship by triggering the appropriate emotional responses so for example if we regard something is dangerous our crew might trigger the feeling of fear we've become uncomfortable and this feeling will encourage us to move away from the danger to return to comfort if we believe we've been wronged a member of our crew might trigger anger will energize and our focus will be drawn towards taking whatever action is necessary to right the wrong so what about anxiety why do our crew trigger that particular emotion now no doubt every single one of us will have our own idea about what anxiety means to us but put simply anxiety is the emotion that tells us when something is too important to simply lose focus of it's the voice of concern about an upcoming event or situation that refuses to be ignored it's the crew saying to the captain you need to pay attention to this now here's the important part your crew are operating on one very simple principle they're trying to find the best strategy for the most happiness yes safety is important after all safety is a huge component part of happiness we can't feel happy if we don't feel safe but ultimately at all times your crew are trying to steer you in the direction of happiness as the American author Jon shed once wrote a ship in Harbor is safe but that is not what ships are built for so even when your crew are making you feel awful telling you things about yourself you really don't want to hear those seemingly self-destructive thoughts I'm not good enough I'll never succeed unlovable even these harsh words are simply designed to steer you away from any situation that might lead to an unhappy experience they're not trying to sink the ship they just tryna sail it away from the stormy seas that we fear we might not be able to cope with but every decision your crew makes is based upon the things you've learned throughout your life and because many of these things will learn when you were very young some of them no longer apply some of them were just wrong in the first place what this means is that as far as anxiety is concerned your crew will very often make mistakes but just because they get things wrong doesn't make them the enemy and yet this is a sentiment I hear all the time anxiety is the enemy people want to throw those crewmembers overboard and I can understand that after all if we regard a part of our mind as now actively trying to destroy us then of course it would be easy to view it as the enemy if we then believe our mind has actually turned against us it'll be easy to conclude our mind is broken it would be easy to believe that person that told us the way you feel means you are ill I started this talk by telling you I used to suffer debilitating levels of social anxiety so how did I get control of that what did I actually do to reduce it there are three main things I did that I think helped me change the first thing I did I refused to believe I was ill of all the things I felt anxious about I decided not to feel anxious about feeling anxious I recognize that every time I felt anxiety it wasn't random it was always triggered by a situation or a thought process once I understood this I could do the second thing that's to listen to my crew I spent too long pushing them away trying to ignore what they were telling me when you ignore someone with an important message they might just start to speak louder to get heard if you continue to ignore them they might start to shout the only way I was going to stop anxiety from shouting at me to listen to it to hear what it was saying to me I sought to understand what my crew were trying to achieve with these feelings and to turn my enemies into my friends and the funny thing is when you start listening listening to what your minds trying to tell you you can stop shouting when the crew stop shouting the captain can be heard that's the point where you're more logical thinking gets to have some info you get to decide is this feeling appropriate or inappropriate is it helpful or unhelpful once you have the ear of your crew and you know what you would want from them the third thing maybe the most important thing is to always always be kind to them if you're anything like me you spent a large part of your life beating yourself up over the things you did wrong or the things you didn't quite do right or just about the way you feel for all the criticism and negativity you've received from others throughout your life the person has given you the most it's probably you this has the cumulative effect of destroying morale aboard your ship a demoralized crew equals low self-esteem and low self-esteem means nail the slightest challenge will create anxiety but the good news is you can repair the damage that's been done very easily simply by deciding from now on to always talk to your crew to yourself with kindness and positivity people do their best work when they feel empowered to achieve your crew are no different put simply if you beat yourself up you just end up beating if you build yourself up who knows how far we can reach this is why I think it's okay maybe even important to feel anxiety every single day of our lives it means the crew are still sailing the ship and still trying to get it in the right direction it's a part of you that makes you reread the important email before you send it it's the part that makes sure you check your keys or in your pocket before you send the front door on your way out in the morning and it's the part that makes your heart skip a little bit when you think about giving that important presentation at work or in a theater truth is I still feel anxious all the time for example every Friday morning I wake feeling anxious because Friday is dustbin day my crew wake me with the thought I need to go and take the bins out now it's not debilitating anxiety it's barely a whisper it's just loud enough to get heard and then when I've taken the bins out it's gone and this might seem like a really trivial example but this is exactly the sort of thing that will trouble us if we believe the way we feel is not normal I wonder if back in the day when I'd suffered high levels of anxiety if I've been diagnosed with an anxiety disorder would I now dread Friday mornings would I feel anxious about the prospect of my anxiety flaring up again would I curse myself for still not being free of anxiety there tend to be too popular positions on high anxiety the first states it's a mental illness it's the way you're wired there's little we can do about it the second states is not real it's all in your head you just need to get over it neither of these positions are helpful and both are wrong the last 10 years have taught me the truth lies somewhere in the middle of course it's real we don't ask to feel this way and yet we do even though we feel this way now doesn't mean we can't change it the first step towards changing is to accept it once we accept anxiety as a natural part of our human experience and treat it not as our enemy but as a trusted friend you'll be surprised how quickly the crew just get back to sailing the ship and we start to feel a lot less anxious about anxiety so how do you feel today do you feel anxious about something good I mean you're alive it means as a part of you trying to tell you something that regards is important have a listen it's here to help my name is Tim box and now 18 minutes later I feel a lot less anxious thank you very much [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Emmae-c4f [64 likes]: I was always the panicking type until I tried psilocybin mushroom. 
Helped me always stay calm and focus, y’all should gibe it a try. It works.
  2. @AyanaShah-v9e [2 likes]: Please Read This if you're suffering from anxiety and dont understand the solution 👇👇
Honestly I dealt with major anxiety 2 months ago, it lasted with heavy heartedness for 1 month, i couldnt enjoy time with my friends, felt as if happiness just disappeared. i tried every solution on YOUTUBE, none worked. It always felt good the day i saw the solution but exactly the next day i was back to 0. Until the time i read the book "Dont Believe Everything You Think - Joseph Nguyen", Trust me just by reading initial 50-60 pages you will understand a lot about yourself. i still havent completely gotten over it but now if any anxiety wave kicks in, i know how to deal with it and the intensity of these waves have become way less, and hopefully they may disappear in the future. As of now i think i have regained that happiness, and i have started spending way better time with friends and fam.
i hope you get out of this!  ❤❤
  3. @ayam6850: 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
  4. @kimpaul5948: With the thought of going out, I didn’t realize it at the time, but when I would prepare to go out, getting dressed, etc. my body would overheat, I would sweat profusely, I mean head of hair was drenched, like I stepped out of the shower. Constantly tissuing my face. My nose would start to run. I could feel it running. I would grab a new tissue, shocked because sometimes it was blood. I would cancel my plans and lay down. I canceled so many appointments. I’m still struggling. Yes I’ve been under medical treatment. For a bit I felt better, not normal, like in my past life. But now I feel like I’m going backwards.
  5. @vincentxie3090: Anxiety is a common part of human life
  6. @gabrielab4260: Meanwhile the psychopaths leaders and politicians go to bed without a worry in the world after unaliving children and innocent people all day
  7. @lucyyy0404: I DON'T EVEN KNOW.. if it's anxiety or fear of losing something before trying.. 
Just before doing something infront of people like solving a simple question.. I just feel like my whole body is dizzy.. heartbeat fast , mind blank and again I messed up. I don't want to share this to chat gpt or Gemini because I wanted someone who has experience it to reply me. Can't even share with my family and friends.. so I'm writing it here..
  8. @EmanIbrahim-b5e: I help myself to be more Comfortable and calm, I do my best
  9. @mallutek3644: 13:40 I cant hear, beacause of long years of shouting, its like bleeding without knowing pain, thats what im now..... 
Emotionally numb while in constant anxiety whenever in contact with the world with external factor perfectionism is my way of living.
  10. @Zyraa.rchives: This is the best ted talk I've watched
  11. @gwarn6223: Thank you 💕
  12. @sphiagrey: This was an AMAZING video. It perfectly explained anxiety, and also opened my eyes as to how to view it. Thank you to the speaker ❤️
  13. @SMD24: Title wise, but I guess for me is to finally let go of a toxic, comedy, situational past but I what I fear is will the next workplace of environment happen again and not only that but toxics hatching out more toxics while entering school again and then ruining a workpkace again within the faults of parents, presidents, education system, and so much more again since the beginning of time within the invention of politics being integrated. Lastly, but a basic relationship is not easy depending on the workplace situationally
  14. @iky23uk: I feel anxious about my health even though full blood count tests results are normal, I still have episodes when I feel like there's something wrong with me and I'm about to pass out. I used to be very very healthy I hardly been to doctors and I went gym on and off for the past 10 years and I had very good stamina too. But recently doctor tested my BP and it was slightly higher and heart rate and slightly higher too. I really want to get rid of this health anxiety.
  15. @silentwitness859: When I was younger, I’d call an ambulance every night because of anxiety. I thought I was having a heart attack or I had cancer. No they’re not trained in that. They think you’re a junkie looking for pills. That said, I have a lot of respect for doctors.
  16. @Dmo12345: I’m tired of good lucking people tell us “don’t have anxiety embrace it”
  17. @m7jrf881: I wish I'd found this a year ago.
  18. @Breathflowconnection: The anxiety and breathing connection is more direct than most people realize. Research shows that people with panic disorder consistently have lower resting CO2 levels and lower tolerance to CO2 buildup. What happens is a feedback loop. Anxiety triggers overbreathing. Overbreathing depletes CO2. Low CO2 causes dizziness, tingling, chest tightness, and brain fog, which your brain interprets as more danger, which increases the anxiety. The loop feeds itself. Breaking it is surprisingly mechanical. When you slow your breathing rate and extend the exhale, CO2 levels rise back to normal, blood vessels dilate, and the parasympathetic nervous system activates. The anxiety drops not because you talked yourself out of it but because you changed the chemistry. I work with people on breathwork and cold exposure and the ones who come in with the worst anxiety often have the most dramatic results because they have been stuck in this overbreathing pattern for years without knowing it. Teaching someone that their anxiety has a mechanical component, not just a psychological one, changes everything about how they relate to it.
  19. @thedeloreanfan8811: Thinking of going to work,traveling to work,and waiting to go into work is an anxiety overload for me. Who else feels like this?
  20. @iart315: I have anxiety of being loved🥲...and attempting an exam

- Rethinking anxiety: Learning to face fear | Dawn Huebner | TEDxAmoskeagMillyardWomen: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Denise RQ Reviewer: Robert Deliman A little anxiety is a good thing. I kept telling myself that in the lead-up to today, but a little anxiety is good. It sharpens our senses and gets us ready to take on challenges. A lot of anxiety is another story, it's a hindrance rather than a help. A lot of anxiety makes it difficult to take productive action, it sets off a primitive response deep in our brains, the old fight-or-flight response which actually has a third part: freeze. All three are protective mechanisms with important evolutionary advantages when we're faced with danger, but anxieties about perceived danger are very different from actual danger, and in the case of anxiety, fighting, fleeing, and freezing are all problematic causing us pain, preventing us from moving forward, making our world small. I became a psychologist in 1987 and had my first and only child several years later. Before you too get too concerned for him, "Poor kid! A psychologist mom who gets up and talks about him on a TEDx stage" (Laughter) please know he's an adult now, and he's given me permission to tell this story. Anyway, when he was little, Eli was anxious. He was afraid of the scary characters, and Disney movies, and haircuts, and shots, and splinters, and bees, normal-seeming fears although there were quite a few of them. Initially, we did what most parents do we reassured him, and when that didn't work, we helped him avoid the things he was afraid of: we stopped going to movies, we let his hair get shaggy, we stayed away from flowers - because of bees - and rough wood because of splinters, but like some weird monster, his level of fear continued to grow. He started panicking whenever he needed to go outside afraid he might encounter a bee, and it became difficult for him to touch anything made of wood. Life went as as it does, and Eli became fascinated by history. When he was about 10, we decided to go to Fort Ticonderoga, a wooden fort with plenty of splinter potential. We did lots of planning: he would wear shoes, close-toed shoes, long sleeve shirt, long pants, no exposed skin. We promised him he wouldn't need to touch anything, and he was actually really excited to go. The day we went was a beautiful 90-degree day. We tramped around the fort for hours until we were exhausted. My husband and I plopped down on a bench to rest - a wooden bench - a wooden bench, Eli absolutely could not sit on nor could he move himself close enough to sit on one of our laps because he still might touch the bench. He couldn't sit on the floor of the fort because it was a wooden floor or leaned against a wall - a wooden wall - so he stood; rivers of sweat running down his face, utterly exhausted, utterly defeated by his fears. He stood because there was nothing else he could do. He stood, and he sobbed. It seems obvious in retrospect that we let things go too far, but somehow, the view from inside was different. We didn't realize how bad things had gotten, how debilitating his fears had become not until that moment, that pivotal moment, when it became crystal clear that we needed help. I brought Eli to a therapist who quickly deduced he's 10 years old; he's afraid of splinters, shots, and bees; long, sharp objects that poke. Clearly, this was a fear of penetration related to - get ready for Freud-Oedipal issues, his wish to overthrow his father to have possession of me. I set there listening to this well-respected psychologist thinking how can this possibly help us, and the answer was it couldn't. So I went on a quest determined to find a way to help my son. I landed on cognitive behavioral therapy also known as CBT, an approach to treatment based on the premise that we all have an inner triangle based on our thoughts, our feelings, and our actions. The idea is that these are all interrelated: our thoughts influence our feelings, thoughts and feelings drive our actions, actions link back to what we think and believe, and so on. So the way to change a problematic feeling like paralyzing anxiety is to change the associated thoughts and actions. That made sense, and it was specific, it give us something to work on rather than continuing to help him avoid the things he was afraid of. We needed Eli to change what he was doing, to pay attention to the action part of the triangle. We needed him to go to the movies, go outside, touch wood, to see that he could do these things without getting hurt. Changing what he was doing would help change what he was thinking, and his feelings would change from there. We decided to start with bees and went on a campaign to get Eli to go outside. He's maybe 11 at this point, and it isn't much of a stretch to say that his life revolved around Legos: big sets, complicated castles, and forts, and islands, and ships. He would do just about anything for money for Legos. You can probably guess where this is going: I bribed him. "Just go outside," I said, "You're not going to get stung. And if you do, I'll give you ten dollars." I'm going to pause the story for a moment. I made two major mistakes with that intervention: the first was telling him, in a definitive way, he wasn't going to get stung. How crazy is that? How could I possibly know whether or not he gets stung? What I should have told him was that a sting was unlikely which would have been more accurate and also more useful because an important part of overcoming anxiety is learning to take a chance, to take action even though you feel unsure, to be nervous and do something anyway. My other mistake was offering a reward for the bad thing happening. What I should have been rewarding was the part of the CBT triangle I wanted him to be paying attention to: the action I should have rewarded his going outside. I could have bought the Lego set he wanted and given him a single piece every time he went out. That would have been rewarding his bravery, his willingness to face his fear, step into the uncertainty not the bee sting. But I didn't know then what I know now so I did the wrong thing although it accomplished something important: got him to go outside. My husband was on the same page, dangling the same carrot, a bigger carrot. "If you go outside," he said, "and get stung, I'll give you 20 dollars." So, Eli went outside with great trepidation but fueled by the possibility of a pay-off, and he did get stung, something like five minutes after we told him he wouldn't. He handled the sting itself pretty well, which is typically how it goes. The possibility of a bad thing is often worse than the actual bad thing, and he was delighted that we now had to fork over 30 dollars; that was half a Lego ship back then, money well spent as far as we were concerned because he saw that he could survive the sting. He went outside more willingly after that, nervous but liking the financial gain, and gradually, his fears abated. It wasn't the perfect cure although he did get over his fear of long, sharp objects that poked enough to take up fencing which was enough to propel me further into CBT as a theoretical orientation. I learned more about how to use cognitive behavioral strategies without the bribes, and it transformed the way I worked with children, anxious children, who got better, so much better that I decided to write a self-help book to bring these skills to a wider audience. My first book was for anxious kids on what to do when you worry too much, and it took off. Sales were higher than my publisher and I ever anticipated, and then I wrote another book, and another, all teaching cognitive behavioral strategies directly to children empowering them to help themselves. I started being contacted by the national media, and by parenting groups, and professional groups wanting me to come speak, but oddly enough, I was never available. The timing of a conference wasn't quite right, I had other plans, couldn't take time off from my practice. These were the excuses I gave one after another as I turned down invitation after invitation, "I'm sorry. I just can't make it." I turned down public speaking invitations for two years. I was aware at some level of what I was doing. I knew I was afraid I would fall flat, get tongue-tied, not be interesting enough or funny enough. I told myself that public speaking just wasn't my thing, and that that was OK. But eventually, the irony of this particular fear jumped up and slapped me in the face. Here I was: a psychologist with a best-selling book about anxiety, a national expert on the treatment of anxiety; anxiety - the very thing that was keeping me from standing up and talking about it, I'd like to be able to tell you my first thought was, "Great, this will be an opportunity to practice all those skills I've been teaching," but I'd be lying. My first thought was, "If I want to be able to face myself in the mirror, I need to do something about this." One of the primary cognitive behavioral interventions for dealing with anxiety is exposure with the aim of desensitizing to whatever we're afraid of. Let's imagine we're putting together a tool box; exposure's our first tool. How does it work? Well, think about jumping into a swimming pool; it's cold, but if you stay in the water, start swimming, or playing, or whatever, pretty soon it feels fine; you've desensitized. The water's just as cold as it was when you first jumped in, but you don't notice the cold anymore, you've gotten used to it. One version of this exposure technique is called flooding, it's like exposure on steroids, the literal equivalent of jumping into a cold pool, all at once, "Just deal with it." Afraid of spiders? Plunge your hand into a jar of them. Afraid of germs? Go to a pediatrician's office, touch all the toys in the waiting room, rub your hands on your face. The technique actually works if you can get yourself to do it, but flooding isn't the way most people choose to face their fears. It's kind of harsh. Fortunately, there's another version of exposure, a more gradual method, the equivalent of slowly lowering yourself into the pool, taking one step in and letting your feet get used to it, and then taking another step and another. It was this gradual exposure, this step-by-step method that I decided to use. I set up a hierarchy for myself and started small: toes in the water stuff, raising my hand at conferences, commenting during group meetings, eventually agreeing to give a brief talk to a smaller group, writing the whole thing out, holding my script, reading it verbatim, I forced myself to look up - that was a triumph - and slowly, painstakingly but doggedly I made my way through this hierarchy of challenges: bigger groups, letting go of the script, culminating in this. (Applause) So there's hope not just for me but for all of us because all of us are wired to shrink away from things that might hurt us. That's a good thing - shrinking away from things that might hurt us - as long as we're accurate in our assessment of what's going to hurt us and how serious the harm will be. But all too often, something goes wrong. We lose the ability to gauge risk, and we begin to assume that if we're afraid, we must be in danger even when we aren't. Fortunately, there's another tool we can put in the toolbox: we can learn to recognize and correct thinking mistakes. What's a thinking mistake? It's a misperception, a misperception that fuels anxiety. There are three common ones, the first: overestimating likelihood. Here's what this one sounds like, "If a bad thing could happen, it will happen, I know it, and even though it hasn't happened yet, I'm pretty sure it will, and anyway, I'm not taking any chances," which is closely linked to thinking mistake number two: catastrophizing. "That bad thing that's going to happen, it's not going to be a little bad thing. It's going to be a big, bad thing, an awful thing, the worst ever. I'll never get through it." That last part, that's actually thinking mistake number three: self-doubt. "The bad things going to happen it's going to be awful. I'll never survive it, forget it, I'm not going to do it." Sound familiar? We all have these thoughts anticipating the worst envisioning failure, underestimating our own resourcefulness, telling ourselves we can't cope, but our thoughts are just our thoughts not necessarily useful, not necessarily true, and when we have a mistaken thought we don't need to hold on to it, we can toss it aside, or better yet, correct it. It helps to externalize anxiety which is actually our third tool. This one involves thinking about your worry or fear like a pest, a little creature, whose sole aim is to make you feel scared. Every time you listen to that worry, every time you chase it down it's what-if rabbit hole and follow the rules it sets up, "Don't go there," "Don't touch that", "Don't do that," every time you listen to your worry, you're feeding it, and every time you feed your worry, you're making it stronger. But when you don't obey your worry, when you talk back to it, challenge it, correct it, well, that's a win for you. I've actually presented the tools in reverse order so I'm going to flip them around to show you how a person might use them - a child. Let's imagine you're eight years old, and you happen to be afraid of going up stairs alone because there might be one of those scary dolls that comes to life, or a ghost, or maybe you're not sure what you're afraid of you just don't want to go up there. But let's say you've started to learn this skill set, so first, you'd externalize your anxiety: tell yourself, "That's my worry talking to me. I don't need to listen." Second, you'd find incorrect your thinking mistakes, "The chance of something grabbing me is really small. I've been upstairs a ton of times, and nothing bad's happened." third, you'd remember the pool; you've got to get in. You can jump in - just go upstairs all at once - or you can do it gradually: practice going up, just a little bit at a time. If your mom can stand at the bottom of the stairs while you go up and back down again, and then go up and touch all the doorknobs and come back down, and then maybe your mom can move further away while you go further up and stay a bit longer. The goal, when it comes to facing fear, is facing it not waiting to not feel afraid, not accommodating the fear, not wishing it away or even breathing it away. You have to do what you're afraid of while you're afraid to see that your fear is a false alarm. It isn't giving you useful information, and you don't have to obey it. It's a feeling, an uncomfortable feeling but a feeling, and like all feelings, it's temporary. You, your kids, anyone can learn to do this to start treating anxiety like background noise, like a jackhammer blasting away outside. Sure you can hear it; you can't help but hear it. But you don't have to wail against it or remain frozen in place until it stops; just let it be, turn your attention to something else. That's where deep breathing comes in, and mindfulness exercises, and various forms of distraction - these are additional tools best used not to avoid the things we're afraid of but to help us settle our minds and our bodies so that inner alarm, that false alarm can quiet itself allowing us to remember that being afraid is not the same as being in danger. So we have a choice: we can follow our instincts, shrink away, capitulate to our fears, and stay stuck or we can face our fears, move towards them. Anxiety is like a Chinese finger trap, that woven tube you put your fingers into; and the more you pull against it, the more stuck you get. The trick is you have to relax your hands, stop fighting against the tube, move into it, and suddenly, you're free. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SunshineSalad [4 likes]: I agree with her. And btw, her voice is comforting 💚
  2. @almaisaks [3 likes]: - Rethinking anxiety: Learning to face fear | Dawn Huebner | TEDxAmoskeagMillyardWomen
    - Flooding
    - Overestimating Likelihood
    - Externalize Anxiety
    - Externalize your Anxiety
    - Anxiety is like a chinese finger trap
  3. @70L321 [1 likes]: Whose here from Intercoast college link 👋
  4. @crystalclear6660 [1 likes]: 90 degrees is not a beautiful day.
  5. @Newuxtreme [1 likes]: What I love about this video is that it tackles the same kind of anxiety that I have but more importantly it tackles the fact that the issues were being faced by an "expert/authority" in the supposed field itself. The impostor Syndrome I feel is insane. But so must be the one she faces. So thank you for this brilliant video!
  6. @idkwhattonameit8359: Does anyone have her book as a pdf ?
  7. @donovansmith841: The high pitch screeching noise in this video spiked my anxiety
  8. @andylastname566: Here I am watching this the day of my Motorcycle class. 😅
  9. @MsAWoolf: Really insightful, buying the book to help with my daughter's anxiety.
  10. @-seanobi-: This was a very good talk. The drive to help her son is super admirable, teared a little ngl. I loved the chinese finger trap example. Im going to do my best to remember that. Thanks.
  11. @sydneyann7713: Seriously, an amazing talk and I appreciate this being online!
  12. @sydneyann7713: This is really great thank you
  13. @h3o6b9: Thank you very much.  That was very enlightening   and very helpful. 🙋🏼‍♀️
  14. @thexpax: fight, flight, freeze or FREAK !!! 😁
  15. @peterreed9566: I'm in my 60's now and it took me way too long to realise that it's totally ok to walk away from your fears and not face them. It works for me, so before you say it can't possibly work just try it for your self.
  16. @nz9628: Amazing presentation !! Really like how she gave the real examples and explained through it. Makes perfect sense.
  17. @lumeopticAI: anxiety formula by nutrisuppz helped me get over my anxiety and depression
  18. @elliieeify3796: I am afraid of that sound...
  19. @Siobhan94404: Beautiful!
  20. @prerna95: I liked the cognitive tools part.  Externalising worry, thinking mistakes ( self doubt, overestimation and catastrophising thoughts )and exposure.

- The Secret to Stopping Fear and Anxiety (That Actually Works) | Mel Robbins: Kind: captions Language: en you know I've heard a lot of experts say that fear isn't real that is such a bunch of baloney fear is so real in fact there are probably things that you're afraid of doing right now in your life in your relationships and work and the fact that you're afraid that's robbing you of all of the experiences that you want to have in your life I mean if you're afraid to fly that's going to limit your ability to travel and see the world or go visit friends if you're afraid of public speaking that's going to really limit your ability to express yourself and share your ideas if if you're afraid of talking to your boss or asking for a raise that directly impacts how much money you make or what if you are dreaming of starting a business or you've already started a new business but you're afraid to talk to people and you're afraid to share your business with people I mean fear is something that stops us all and that's why I'm here to talk to you because it doesn't have to fear is real but I am going to share a secret weapon that I have used for years to beat every single fear that used to stop me now first before we get into this secret weapon I just want to cover a few facts about fear What It Is What It Isn't and some things that you may may not know about fear so first thing fear is a physical state in your body that is exactly the same as excitement let me say that again fear and excitement are the exact same physical state your heart races you might sweat a little bit you might feel tightening in your chest you might feel a pit in your stomach uh you have a surge of cortisol it's basically the way that your body goes into a hyperaware State because it's readying for Action Now what's the difference between fear and excitement really simple the only difference between fear and excitement is what your brain is doing as your body is all agitated if you're excited your brain's going oh wow this is going to be so cool to ride this roller coaster if you're afraid your brain's going oh no way there's no way I'm doing that this is dangerous get out of there don't do that it's saying something different so what's critical about understanding this is that we're going to use the fact that your mind is either working for you for excitement or against you with fear to your advantage and I'll tell you about it in just a minute how you're going to do that second thing I want you to understand is that you may have heard the advice Feel the fear and do it anyway you may have heard the advice oh just try to calm down think positive thoughts it doesn't work does it and there's a reason why it doesn't work so let's go back to fact number one when you're afraid your body is in a state of arousal and agitation and your heart is racing and you're all like amped up and you're hyper aware of what's going on and you're freaking out a little bit what is it like when you're calm you just kind of chill right you got like this low arousal State very very difficult to go from a state of agitation of being all jacked up and excited and weirded out and to a kind of state it doesn't work it's like trying to stop a train by throwing a boulder on the tracks it's going to make the train jump off the tracks it's going to cause a disaster in fact they've proven in research that when you try to ignore your fears it actually makes them worse and they've also proven in research that positive thinking alone also can make your fears wor worse so what do you do what do do you do when you're about to go talk to your boss and you feel afraid what do you do when you have to get on a plane and you're actually terrified of flying what do you do if you got to give a presentation and you are afraid of public speaking here's what you're going to do you're going to use a strategy the same one that I use that has helped me beat every single fear and turned me into somebody that is terrific when it comes to a high stress situation this is how you do it you're going to use my 5-second rule in combination with what I call an anchor thought and that is going to reframe what your mind is doing so that your mind goes from feeling agitation and making you afraid to reframing it from agitation to excitement it works like magic now I have used this technique for years literally for years and one of the ways that I want to introduce you to it is I want to take you backstage I want to take you back stage to a speech that I delivered this year and what you're going to see is you're going to see me behind you know the major set I'm about to walk out you can kind of hear the crowd roaring my introductory video is playing my body is in a state of arousal I am literally my heart is racing my arms are sweating like it's like you're going to see this I'm going to tell you about it and you're going to watch me use this same technique I'm going to teach you to reframe my nerves into excitement check this out all right I'm about to go on stage there are 7,000 people out there and it's so exciting because what they don't know is they're about to learn the 5-second rule and their lives will never be the same again now I got to tell you my heart is racing um my armpits are sweating I have the exact same physiological feeling as when I'm afraid but I'm not afraid I'm excited excitement and fear is the exact same thing in your body it's just what your brain calls it here's a trick that's proven by science that I use every time I speak when I start to sweat when I start to have butterflies when I start to have my heart race I say I'm excited I'm excited to get out there I'm excited to talk to these people I'm excited to share the 5-sec rule and what that does is it sends a message to my brain that tells my brain why my body's all agitated and excited and that way I don't feel afraid remember excitement and fear exact same thing in your body the only difference is what your brain calls it that's why you want those go get now I want to give you one more example just to make sure that you really get how you can use this so a lot of you have written to me about your fear of flying and I can really relate to that fear because I used to have the exact same fear but I use this same strategy to conquer it here's how you're going to do it so first things first if you've got to do something that really makes you nervous or that you're afraid to do before you're about to do it come up with an anchor thought what's an anchor thought well an anchor thought is something that's going to Anchor you so that you don't escalate any situation into a full-blown panic attack or into a situation where you screw things up it's a way for you to Anchor yourself so you maintain control over what you're thinking and how you behave so here's an example with flying it's important when you're creating an anchor thought to pick something that is in the proper context of what you're afraid to do so for flying pick an anchor thought that has to do with the trip that you're taking so if I'm boarding a plane to fly back home to Michigan an anchor thought might be a picture in my mind of my mom and I walking on the shores of Lake Michigan where I grew up that's a thought that makes me happy it makes me excited and it's also related to the trip that I'm taking if you have a conversation that you need to have with your boss pick an anchor thought about how you feel after having that conversation maybe it's you picking up the phone and calling somebody that you you love and saying oh my gosh it went so well or you know you walking out of the meeting and feeling like yeah I survived that conversation I feel pretty good about myself so now that you have your anchor thought you're ready to beat the fear how you're going to do it is this so let's go back back to the example of the plane I'm on the plane I'm flying to Michigan we hit turbulence my body's going to start getting agitated right I'm starting to get nervous my heart starts to race one of two things can happen I can't control how my body might feel but I can always always control what I'm thinking about and I can always control how I act and so can you so when I'm on a plane and the turbulence hits 5 43 2 1 that's step one and it's essential and the reason why using the 5c Rule 5 4 3 2 1 is essential is because that is how you switch the gears in your mind you awaken your prefrontal cortex and you trigger your brain that you're now in control of your thoughts you've interrupted the fear you've settled your thoughts and now your brain is ready for that anchor thought so then what I do after I go 54 3 2 1 is I insert the anchor thought that I've already come up with before the flight I start thinking about walking on the beach and being with my mom and my dad and I start telling myself I'm so excited to walk on the shores of Lake Michigan I'm so excited to see my parents now something remarkable is going to happen in your brain because you've interrupted the fear and because you've used the 5-second rule to assert control and awaken your prefrontal cortex and because you have an image that contextually makes sense to your brain because you're flying to Michigan you know your brain does your brain goes huh Mel's excited to go to Michigan because my body is in a state remember the first fact fear and excitement exact same thing what's the difference between fear and excitement what your brain is saying using the 5-second rule and an anchor thought you can actually switch the gears in your mind and reframe the thoughts of fear into thoughts of excitement and because you have a vision that makes sense based on what you're doing your brain buys it you just tricked your brain now Dana used this technique she says she's never been so calm when she's been flying and Sarah used it too now Sarah wrote to she was petrified of flying but utilizing the 5-sec rule and 54321 with an anchor thought check out this photo of her on a helicopter tour in Hawaii Not only was the tour amazing but here's what's really amazing if fear stops you this will change your life and for those of you that are afraid of public speaking check out this photo of Carol she also had a fear of public speaking and by using this technique that I've just explained to you 5-sec rule anchor thought reframe your thoughts from Fear to excitement something incredible happened she was able to beat her fear and give a speech to her nursing colleagues and that was something that was a life goal and also something she checked off her bucket list fear is real you can't control the feelings that are going to rise up in your body when you're on a plane or when you're talking to your boss or when you see somebody that's attractive and you you really want to go over and and talk to that person but you can always control what you think and you can always make a decision about the actions you're going to take so the next time you feel afraid 54321 go to to that anchor thought tell yourself you're excited and that my friend is the power of how you beat fear in 5 seconds flat and don't forget I'm here to help you however I can make sure you celebrate your successes on social media using the #5c rule tag me and if you ever have a question or you need advice you can always reach us at hello melrobbins.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @M1_la_nam2095 [1 likes]: Thank you very much ma'am ❤❤❤
  2. @HOALIVEBETTER50: This video is truly powerful and uplifting! 🌟 The message is simple but deeply impactful, reminding us how small daily thoughts can shape a stronger mindset. 💪 I love how it motivates self-discipline, confidence, and gratitude every morning. ☀ A perfect reminder for anyone wanting a better life. Keep sharing such meaningful content—this is exactly what people need today! 🙌🔥
  3. @TamarClark: How Can I Write you?
  4. @rob6849: Too complicated
  5. @J3lloUniv3rs3s: wow so i came up with a version of this technique as a kid. When going for flu shots are getting blood drawn i would pretend like i loved needles. It was a better way to react to getting a shot because it's not like i couldn't do it just cause i was afraid so i shifted how i saw the fear. Wow that's awesome. now i know i can use that for other fears and situations
  6. @Anshwara2008: Thankyou so much maaamm!!!🥰🤍😚🥹❤️🫠
  7. @gingersavaya3921: Girl, this video is terrible. Don’t watch it again, it’s fucking useless.
  8. @t.n.patronis4098: Mel has perfect Mom Energy and I love it.🎉
  9. @KristolJonesArt: Thanks, Mel!
  10. @EmerenciaNwapa-n4e: Fear, another great topic. I am writing an essay on the topic. Anyone who wants to co-author can take a look at my community page. It is a very lucrative project with reliable sponsors.
  11. @Guanosano: One time as a kid I got so excited that we was going to the amusement park that I could not fall asleep og now I just can't fall sleep because of fear, so both fear and excitement will prevent me from falling asleep but thank fpr shaing your tips still and sure it will help for others
  12. @NervousSystemSurvival: If you have been in therapy for years for anxiety or depression and still feel stuck - this might be why.  Your nervous system doesn’t heal by retelling the story.  It heals when you finally understand why your logical brain shuts off completely under stress, and why difficult people behave the way they do. No rehashing the past, just a genuine understanding that leads to compassion for yourself and for the people who hurt you. Message me to get your Blueprint.
  13. @narinehovhannisyan7628: I strongly agree that staying in a comfort zone can limit personal growth. When everything feels safe and predictable, we don’t challenge ourselves or learn new things. From my own experience, some of the best opportunities came when I tried something uncomfortable.
At the same time, stepping out of the comfort zone is not easy and requires confidence and support. I believe growth happens when we take small risks and gradually push our limits.
  14. @Bimalxettri571: ❤❤❤
  15. @BrendaA-pq2zk: So so powerful, helpful and clearly AMAZING!!! We love you Mel!
  16. @tomasviane3844: Waw! I never realized this. Great lesson!
  17. @amputeetv4699: I can't believe I actually thought those would be something worth listening to. 

 Ok i am afraid of falling from heights then just tell myself falling would be exciting. Seriously?
  18. @rutmariabjanes2959: What to do if scared after just speaking in general to 1 person and you get scared and full of
  19. @musicandmomos: This video had actually changed my life but then I realised that I never challenged if others opinions and words hurt me. And, somewhere I have stopped using this. But, I can never stop being grateful to this technique for giving me a second life. I am definitely going to start using this and in a way that now I can challenge others opinions too.
  20. @1972jmp: I wonder if this would work for sleep. My body starts to fall asleep and wakes up panic like.

- Neurobiology of Anxiety, Worrying, and Fear: Kind: captions Language: en so what is anxiety anxiety is a normal emotional response to real or perceived threat and is characterized by fear and worry the amygdala is a structure within our brain that has been thought of as sort of the worry and fear center and we will talk about that in a moment this is the brain this front part of the brain is called the prefrontal cortex a part of the prefrontal cortex is an area known as the orbital frontal cortex which sits on the bottom side or the inferior side of the frontal lobe orbital frontal cortex makes sense because the vision pathways flow right underneath the amygdala is the red structure which is considered the fear and anxiety center of the brain it's located anterior to the hippocampus within the temporal lobe the brainstem consists of the pons the medulla in the midbrain the thalamus is the green structure that sits just medially to the NeoStrata which is the caudate and putamen the blue structure shown these are all very important structures that we are going to talk about in a moment but to give yourself an idea of where these structures are in the brain I wanted to review the anatomy by the way this is a sagittal section in which we're looking at the brain cut in half from the side the amygdaloid complex also known as just the amygdala consists of a bunch of neuronal cell bodies clumped together what we call these neuronal cell bodies or cell bodies of the neurons we call it a nucleus when there's a cluster of these neuronal cell bodies there are numerous nuclei within the amygdala or amygdaloid complex there are about 12 pairs of nuclei however for anxiety and for the purpose of this discussion we will only talk about the lateral nucleus the basal nucleus and the central nucleus inputs to the amygdala are important because the amygdala is very much involved in initiating the fight-or-flight response that is very important in our survival inputs to the amygdala include the thalamus the sensory cortices in other words the parts of the cortex that process our sensory stimuli like vision touch smell the ventromedial prefrontal cortex vmPFC in the orbital frontal cortex and the anterior cingulate cortex also send neurons to the amygdala hippocampus and very porns structure in memory also sends signals to the amygdala all of these structures send their signals to the lateral nucleus from the lateral nucleus the signal is transmitted to the basal nucleus and/or the central nucleus and the central nucleus is the primary output pathway in the fight-or-flight response now that doesn't mean that it's the only output pathway but the central nucleus is highly connected to the hypothalamus and the brainstem hypothalamus in the brain stem both very much involved in the autonomic response they're associated with the fight-or-flight response this diagram is very complex and we will talk about it in more detail and simplify it in a moment so don't be discouraged if you're finding it difficult to follow again the central nucleus is a part of the amygdala it's not the only output pathway or output center of the amygdala but it's very important because the output of the central nucleus of the amygdala is critical to initiating and maintaining the fight-or-flight response what I mean by that is outputs of the central nucleus of the amygdala go to the hypothalamus and the brainstem areas the hypothalamus and the brain sin areas then cause the sympathetic activate the stress response and the behavioral patterns that we see in people and animals who display the fight-or-flight response so from the hypothalamus you will get sympathetic activation with increased heart rate your blood pressure will go up your pupils will dilate corticotropin-releasing hormone is stimulated from the hypothalamus which then ultimately leads to cortisol release from the adrenal the brain stem areas such as the periaqueductal gray which is very important in pain modulation become activated inducing stress induced in oh jeez ah which is basically when you are in the fight-or-flight response we know that this diminishes the pain signals that are coming in this is good for survival because the last thing you want to do is be focusing on pain as you're trying to get away from a very stressful threatening situation kiri aqueduct Oh gray when stimulated in animals has also also causes a freezing behavior stimulation of the locus coeruleus within the brainstem causes widespread norepinephrine release along those lines acetylcholine is also released after stimulation of the dorsal ventral tegmental nucleus sita choline and norepinephrine when increased in the cortex by this pathway causes arousal and vigilance appear brachial nucleus which is a part of the brainstem also becomes stimulated which increases our respiratory rate the dorsal motor nucleus of the vagus nerve induces the parasympathetic response causing upset stomach acid reflux and other parasympathetic activity activation of the cranial nerve 5 which is trigeminal nerve and cranial nerve seven the facial nerve leads to facial expressions of fear let's use an example to better understand how this works Michael is enjoying a nice walk in the middle of the road a very dark night with fog and no one around not very smart but this is the story that we're coming up with so Michaels walking down the street he is by himself all of a sudden boom a clown pops out in the stress response or the fight-or-flight response is initiated this causes Michael to run because he is afraid for his life so what's happening when all of this is happening to Michael prefrontal cortex again at front part of the brain orbital frontal cortex in the bottom the amygdala brainstem thalamus mystery Adam these are all important structures to remember so what happens as Michaels walking down the street is scanning the environment making sure the things are safe all of a sudden he notices the clown jumps out visual cortex is activated because he is now seeing a very scary clown he said the campus is activated as it's trying to look through the memory bank to identify if this has ever been encountered before or this type of situation has ever been encountered before the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in the orbital frontal cortex both become activated because these areas are involved in emotional processing and tend to have an inhibitory effect at the amygdala the ventral medial prefrontal cortex and the orbital frontal cortex have inhibitory input via GABA neurons that inhibit the lateral nucleus however the thalamus and the sensory cortices use glutamate and stimulate the amygdala what this tells us is that the cortex specifically the sensory cortices the somatosensory cortex the auditory cortex the visual cortex stimulates the amygdala however the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in the orbitofrontal cortex they come in and say well this is not that big of a deal and or we have we're looking into this and this is not anything to be too worried about so they have inhibitory inputs it's the balance between these two that are important in the fear response in other words in order to be sure that the fight-or-flight response isn't overly activated or activated under conditions that are inappropriate the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in Irbil frontal cortex are there to do just that it's this fine balance that's very important and in order to diminish or reduce the fight-or-flight response you really need a functioning and ventromedial prefrontal cortex an orbital frontal cortex they've done this study in animals when a lesion ventromedial prefrontal cortex in orbital frontal cortex becomes very hard to diminish or reduce the fight-or-flight response what is conditioned fear so in order to understand anxiety disorders it's very important that we talk about how anxiety develops or how we think that anxiety develops from a neurologic or neurobiological in to illustrate the idea of classical conditioning we're going to use this model of a dog and the dog is fine just resting normally there is an unconditioned stimulus a shock which is applied to the dog the dog then responds in a way that shows us that he's scared or in distress this would be considered the unconditioned response in other words you shock the dog dog gets scared that makes sense what about ringing a bell a neutral stimulus well when you ring the bell the dog doesn't respond doesn't do anything it's not scared it did nothing but interestingly when you pair that neutral stimulus the the Bell with the shock and you do this many what ends up happening is the neutral stimulus then becomes a conditioned stimulus in that after you've paired the shock with the bell over a number of times the animal the dog will respond even when the shock isn't there in other words it has learned that shock plus Bell equals bad bowel by itself is associated with the shock therefore when the bell rings the dog is anticipating that a shock will come and it will display frightened behavior even when a shock is not there so even neutral stimuli will initiate the fear response as a result of associative learning so the example of a traumatic event in childhood is a good example for how things are you sewers can develop because when you're in childhood or even adulthood what something bad happens to you something very stressful whatever was going on at the time your environment where you were the smells the sounds the sights whatever it may be have all been associated with this terrible event and what ends up happening is that neutral stimulus which to anybody else seems perfectly not frightening and not an issue then becomes a trigger a problem because it has been associated with a very terrible experience that's conditioned fear what about conditioned fear extinction look back is that condition if your extinction is really the way that we treat anxiety disorders and the reasoning behind it and I'll explain that in a moment so you go back to this diagram the condition fear response again the unconditioned stimulus the shock with the neutral stimulus of the Bell leads to the conditioned response of the dog being very upset because it was shocked when we do this number of times the dog then learns that the Bell is associated with the shock and it will respond even in the absence of the shock but interestingly if you continue use the bell but don't use don't use the shock and you do this a number of times what's interesting is that the dog slowly over time learns that the Bell is no longer a threat and pretty soon it becomes a neutral stimulus again because what it's done is it's learned a new pathway so this is not that the dog oh is forgotten about the event or the shock this also doesn't mean that people forget just forget their trauma over time that's not what happens forgetting is not erasing forgetting means new learning a new learning means making new connections and strengthening and weakening old connections so while that pathway that was strengthened when the dog was being shocked and the bell was rung over time after after you only used the Bell and not the shock the dog begins to learn and make new pathways and strengthen new pathways that say well it's not a big deal just a bell the ventromedial prefrontal cortex in the orbitofrontal cortex are very important in diminishing the response to external input so what I mean by that is what the ventral medial prefrontal cortex in over frontal cortex do is they reason in the assess and they say well this is not really a big deal this is not anything to be worried about and it inhibits the activating input from the cortex another reason why gaba the inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain has been implicated in anxiety disorders and certainly the benzodiazepines which are GABA a receptor enhancers work well for anxiety what about worrying is worrying any different than anxiety so worrying is a cognitive process in which a person is concerned about a potentially threatening event in the future it's it's worrying is about the future and what might be and now this may be normal for example when you're about to take a test you may feel some anxiety some worrying about the test but if it becomes excessive it can be debilitating again it can take over your life worrying is a key symptom or a course symptom of panic disorder generalized anxiety disorder social anxiety disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder so how does worry work in the brain here's the diagram that we show in the beginning you have the prefrontal cortex to the front the orbital frontal cortex on the bottom the brainstem the thalamus and this neo striatum if we were to turn the brain a little bit you would see on the side over here over here on this side is that what we call the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex so if this is the ventromedial prefrontal cortex here because it's on the medial in the medial aspect of the frontal cortex therefore the prefrontal cortex this is over here the lateral side right it's on the lateral dorsal side go at the dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex there over frontal cortex still under here and the thalamus here these structures form a circuit and the circuit is called the cortical thalamic store adult cortical circuit and we call this the whirring circuit this is because this circuit becomes highly activated in individuals who worry it becomes a loop where obsessions and constant whirring occur what we know about the orbitofrontal cortex is that in individuals with OCD when you scan their brains have overactive orbital frontal cortex and this has been thought to cause obsessive thinking to understand the worried circuit let's consider the following example Sally and Dave Sally has OCD and Dave does not Dave is driving down the highway on his way to work and a thought pops up as Anne is in his head he asked himself wait a minute did I lock the door did I lock the front door hmmm the orbitofrontal cortex immediately a signal of alarm and starts the worry circuit but Dave's dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex and other areas of the brain processed this information and he quickly rationalizes that you know what no I've never done this before and I'm pretty sure I locked it and even if I didn't we have a great alarm system that's Dave who doesn't have OCD what about Sally Sally who also is driving down the road has OCD and suddenly a thought pops up oh did I lock the door but Sally can't recall whether she locked the doorknob Barbara frontal cortex sends a very strong signal through the wari circuit and this keeps going over and over and over and over again without that dorsolateral prefrontal cortex that reasoning part of her brain kicking in saying oh no no no this is irrational it'll be ok everything's fine it's not a big deal because it's not kicking in because that dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex that reasoning center isn't kicking in Sally turns the car around and goes back home and checks her front she does this a few times she opens the door closes it locks it returns back to the car but when she gets back in the car again the worry circuit becomes activated again because in individuals with OCD their orbital frontal cortex and this worried circuit is overactive and then she obsesses about it again she gets out checks again and does this over and over and over again until she's late the worries circuit also has connections with other areas of the brain limbic areas cortical areas the amygdala the hippocampus epithalamus and all of these together work simultaneously to produce those symptoms that are so common in worrying whether it be the upset stomach the butterflies the hyperventilating heart racing inability to think straight this is what the worry circuit does you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Inquisitorial-AF [1 likes]: Chronic anxiety and fear, literally shrinks our brain and makes us dumber.
  2. @Natureispeace444 [1 likes]: This is great but the horror music in the background was a seriously unwise and poor decision
  3. @roastdchestnuts [1 likes]: Great short lecture! I was so intrigued making the neural circuitry so easy to remember!
  4. @KhadijaUsmanAminu-p4d: Great tips, thanks for sharing!
  5. @cocokingsolver3284: I was actually wondering when fear develops in a child. I know we are not born with that part of the brain developed.  I was just curious at what age is that part of the brain fully matured, because children aren't born with fear.  This is something that happens prepubescent but at what age, I don't know.  If anyone can tell me, please do :)
  6. @Wanjiku-m5p: Thank you! This is so helpful!
  7. @barbarusezz7008: THANK YOU
  8. @jagjeevandeshmukh2250: The way of explanation is excellent
  9. @angierox6964: Excellent explanation! Lol say that in talk to text including the punctuation.
What happens when there is re-traumatization in a situation that had been condition extinct. Basically healed and no longer an issue. Is the re-PTSD easier to make extinct since the extinction has already occurred or would it be more difficult, since that self -trust was broken. ie. I told myself I was safe I proved I was safe until this happened therefore my mind is not to be trusted.
  10. @monysaeed-n3y: Thank you very much 👍👍 
Is the amygdala located in the right or left lobe?
  11. @tejasparikh6610: VERY NICE EXPLAINATION
  12. @cgff1: I like the foreboding music at the start, really set the tone for my finals week study session
  13. @VladyslavKL: 🕊
  14. @Germanator4884: Thank you!!!   Modification note:  Replace “Flight” with “Flee” response.
  15. @aquaholic7184: Thank you!
  16. @VladislarKoyaldik: This type of teaching that gets students to fail...he is like reading from a book.
  17. @Dusk-nq1mf: Wheres the part of the video where he talks about panic in the brain?
  18. @mrs.v4565: UGH YES HELL HERE ON EARTH 😢
  19. @snuppy563: I've had so many seizures in my left temporal lobe, long and recurrent. I'm screwed.
  20. @kankatinaresh4195: People who are sufferring witj anxiety watch shaan kasaam vedios it will really help you

- Facing Fear of Death: 4 Skills for Anxiety and Fear of Death and Dying: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, I'm Emma McAdam I'm a licensed marriage and family therapist, and today I brought you to a beautiful place to talk about death. Are you afraid of dying? Does thinking about death or dying make you so anxious that you avoid any and all aspects of it? Or do distressing thoughts about death bother you, or are you just in complete denial of trying to pretend that it's not gonna happen? In this episode we're gonna talk about four psychological skills for facing fear of death, the anxiety around death, and some strategies that may be helpful for you, and I'll tell you why I took a bunch of depressed teenagers to a cemetery. Hey guys, just want to mention I did start a Patreon page, if you'd like to support this channel, please check out the link in the description, and you can support my video content creation for just a couple dollars a month and that's going to help lots of people get more access to mental health resources that otherwise they wouldn't be able to. So thanks again and back to the video. And I also need to say if you're thinking about suicide, this video may not be for you. In one way a fear of death can serve a function, to help us avoid the things that might kill us. A healthy and functional fear of death can help us make safer choices, and choose to live a better life. Suicide in my opinion, is an act that harms others, and I don't think that most people value harming other people, it's not the way that you want to leave the world. So if you're feeling suicidal, perhaps instead of watching this video reach out to someone who can help you or learn some new skills to work through emotions. You can check out my anxiety skills playlist for example, or my grounding skills playlist. Now on the other hand, a dysfunctional fear of death can lead to avoidance behaviors that might make us feel worse, or lead to higher anxiety, and prevent us from living the way that we would choose to live life. So these are what we're going to address today. So first I want you to start by thinking about what are you afraid of? Take a moment to identify what is it about death that makes you afraid of it? Is it because you're unfamiliar with it? Is it because it's unknown, because you don't know what to expect, and that uncertainty makes you worry about the worst that can happen? Um is it because you've got intrusive thoughts, because you imagine yourself dying in all sorts of situations? Is it a fear of pain for you or for for loved ones? Or on the other hand is it because you're afraid of punishment, or because you're afraid that you're wasting your life? Now the first four reasons really are about anxiety, and about not knowing how to handle discomfort and anxiety, and they're partly due to our cultural approach to death or the lack thereof. Now whether it's OCD, intrusive thoughts, or general anxiety, all of these are exacerbated by avoidance. So one way to resolve this type of anxiety, is to build up skills to stop avoiding and to get better at feeling. So in this first section we're going to talk about three skills to face the anxiety around death and uncertainty and pain. The last two reasons are much more about integrity, they're about values when our actions don't line up with our values, we're supposed to feel something, we're supposed to feel uncomfortable, or anxious, when we're not living the life that we believe in. So in the second part of this video, we're going to talk about how to live a courageous life, while also facing the reality of death. So let's start with a psychological approach. Thinking about death, our own death or that of others, can be really uncomfortable. Thinking of death can bring up painful feelings of fear, or anxiety, or sadness, or uncertainty, and for some people perhaps those who have resolved trauma, or people who are highly sensitive, or who tend to be more anxious, these feelings of fear and anxiety around death can be really intense. Painful feelings on their own aren't disordered, but when we respond to those feelings with avoidance or with dwelling on them, or when we respond to those emotions in a way that interferes with our functioning, then that's when we need to learn new skills. So when it comes to anxiety, if you know me you know that I'm always going to be talking about avoidance, right? So our culture is super death avoidant. We all have a tendency to avoid things that are painful, and to seek things that are pleasant. This is essentially hedonism, but escaping pain and seeking pleasure doesn't actually usually lead to a better life. As we learned in the video rewiring the anxious brain, when we avoid something our brain thinks that the reason we survived is because we avoided it. It says, "Oh I'm gonna make my human do that again." So then it increases our anxiety around that thing, but avoidance doesn't just make anxiety worse, when we avoid thinking about death, we let fear motivate our actions, and we then live a life that is less about what we love, and less about what we dream about, and more centered on just escaping our fears, and this tends to make us more and more anxious, and it tends to make our life less and less meaningful. When we try to escape death by not thinking about it, or by avoiding the dead and the dying, we we lose our ability to live fully. The other thing is that if we're trying to avoid something uncomfortable like sadness, anxiety, or physical pain, we tend to tense up. We tend to tighten, to resist, to attempt to escape, and all of those responses actually make physical pain worse. Anxiety avoidance makes anxiety worse, and it can also turn off your immune system. However most of us have been taught to avoid death. Our western culture in the united states is very avoidant around death. While most people want to die in their own homes surrounded by loved ones, it's way too common to die in a hospital surrounded by a nurse, or completely alone in your room. Even funerals are carefully staged and the dead are whisked away from their families, they're carefully prepared by strangers, and they're chemically treated to you know help us avoid thinking about decay. A lot of people spend a heck of a lot of money on protective caskets, which is just a way for the living to kind of protect yourself from the thought of you know the reality of decay. Many of us haven't sat with a dying person or helped wash, or dress the body of the dead. Culturally we tend to leave that to the professionals, and while that can protect us from uncomfortable feelings in the short term, the less familiar we are with death, the more likely it is that we will fear it. So I believe that many people's reaction to coronavirus is also fueled by fear. Not by reason, or by choice. It's by our desire to avoid death, to prolong life as long as possible at any cost. So if you're afraid of death, if a fear of death is running your life, my recommendation to you is to spend more time, not less, addressing the reality of death your fears around it. So this brings us to skill number one, this is the skill of willingness, and I'm reminded of a line from a song. It's about the musician's father. when his dad got really sick and was near death he said, "And me I ran, I couldn't even look at him for fear I'd have to say goodbye", and in the end his mother nursed his dad back to health, and the musician had to face the fact that out of fear of death, he hadn't lived and loved the way he'd wanted to. He separated himself from the man he loved because he didn't want to sit with those uncomfortable emotions. As my grandparents got close to death, I felt an urge to avoid their home because it's so hard you know as a loving, and caring person, it's difficult to be there. You feel their pain, you grieve for their loss, and for your own, and it it hurts right, and the the easy way out seems to be to stay away from it. But I found that as I went into their home, as as I sat with them, as I gave them water, as they gasped, as I faced those uncomfortable feelings, I developed a confidence in my ability to handle it, and I believe that you all out there can handle it, and these feelings they stopped impacting me negatively, they were still uncomfortable but they I they weren't something that was so big that you can't handle it. So willingness is the skill of sitting with emotions, I didn't see these emotions as bad, or harmful, I saw my grief and my sadness as an expression of love. In order to avoid feeling pain we would have to stop loving. We would have to stop visiting people we care about, we'd have to numb our hearts, we'd have to spend our life trying to escape feeling, and if you've watched my video on emotional compression you know what that leaves you with. It leaves you with depression, with with loneliness. You still feel just as much pain, and anxiety if not more, but you feel less of the beautiful pure feelings of love, and laughter, and connectedness. I mean you have a choice, you can learn to get better at feeling and feel pain, and joy, and love, and anxiety, and sadness, and laughter, or to avoid that pain, and only feel pain, and anxiety, and sadness. Willingness is about relaxing into emotions. Remind yourself that it's okay to feel strongly. It's just an expression of love. Sit with them, sit with your feelings. Open yourself up to your emotions, and and this is a way that you can develop the skill of feeling intense emotions. Another way to practice willingness is to go to funerals. Go to funerals and cry and laugh, funerals can be so uplifting and they can guide you to remember your purpose and your mission in life, and to make your life about something more than just pleasure. But to make it about something meaningful, and something beautiful. Avoidance may lead us to a life that is briefly more comfortable, but ultimately less rich. If we want to learn to speak a new language, we have to experience the embarrassment of making mistakes while we learn. If I want to climb a mountain, I have to feel my legs burn as I go uphill. If I want to find a lasting relationship, I may need to experience the anxiety of uncertainty in relationships or breakups in the process. As you practice willingness, your fear of death will subside, and it will be replaced with a belief in your ability to sit with the difficult emotions, and you'll be more able to act in a way that lines up with your values. You'll be able to make more intentional choices about how to respond to the pain or death of your loved ones. Okay skill number two, is using a beginner's mind. So this skill is all about learning about death and observing your reaction to it. A beginner's mind describes what you're feeling like a curious scientist would. So you just imagine you're exploring sadness, or grief, as you know a scientist would if they were exploring mars. A beginner's mind takes grief and fear and says, "what do I notice about how I'm feeling?" A beginner's mind says, "what can I learn from what I'm feeling?" It explores what other feelings are there in addition to the loud ones. A beginner's mind is about noticing instead of avoiding. So, many cultures embrace death as beautiful and natural instead of denying or avoiding it. So for example the mexican day of the dead, they celebrate death with sugar skulls, and feasting, and visiting the graves of loved ones. The ancient samurai practiced considering death every morning, and in buddhism, they meditate on the impermanence of life and the certainty of death. One buddhist leader said, "Examine the births and deaths of other beings and reflect again and again on the unpredictability of your lifespan and the time of your death, and on the uncertainty of our own situation... (let this) arouse a sense of urgency, as if a spark landed on your body or a grain of sand fell in your eye." Sit with that uncertainty, and see if you can develop peace around it. By remembering death you can refocus your energy on life. Spend time thinking about it, reading about it, philosophy, art, music, these can all help you process through your fears. After sitting with our fears and uncertainties, this frees us from the secondary pain the anxiety, and fear, that we caused by avoidance, and it just leaves us with clean pain. The paradox of fear is that the more we face it, the more we sit with it, the less power that it has over us. So spend some time exploring these questions, asking them and considering the shortness of life, and you'll feel more inner peace. Okay um, our uncertainty around death can come from knowing so little about it, and there is actually a scientific study of death and near-death experiences, and pre-death experiences that I find really informative. So after watching my video, go and watch the ted talk by by Dr. Christopher Kerr. He's a medical doctor, he works in hospice. So that's with the people who are dying, and he did a scientific study of hundreds of people's experiences leading up to their deaths. He asked them about their experiences, and he recorded their accounts of their dreams, and and everything going on for them before they died, and through his research he was able to describe the dying process of one as one of of redemption and comfort, one of consolation, of healing old wounds, and broken relationships. He tells stories of people resolving PTSD, in their you know 90th year of life, and most of the dreams of these people who are about to die, these experiences that they have are about reconnection with loved ones who passed away before. So my number one takeaway from his book which is titled, "Death is death is but a dream," is that the entire life span is a growth process, and there are these beautiful built-in opportunities for growth, and healing, during the entire length of the life and um including including the end of life. So I'm going to make a video about his book hopefully soon, but go check out his ted talk right. Dr. Kerr also reminded me to sit with the process, don't run, don't label it as broken, don't label these dreams as you know the process of you know the brain running out of oxygen or something like that, don't over medicate the end of life process, but to just sit with it, to ask about it to face it even when it seems like it's too painful to bear, there's something beautiful to be gained from it. People approach death with their own assumptions as do I. Um so be willing to be open, and curious about the experience, instead of needing to avoid, escape, or numb yourself to it. Okay skill number three, is cognitive diffusion. I'm just gonna cover this really briefly, but if you're having constant thoughts like I'm gonna die, or I must have heart disease, or I'm gonna die young, or these images or these intrusive thoughts keep coming up into your brain, I recommend that you learn the skill of cognitive diffusion. So what that means is that you're going to develop the ability to notice your thoughts, and that you're going to notice that you're having them instead of simply believing them. So you can label these thoughts as intrusive thoughts, or you can say, "Oh there's one of those thoughts again." Or you say out loud instead of saying, "I'm going to die young", you say. "I'm having the thought that I'm going to die young", and then after that you can say. "I'm noticing that I'm having the thought that I'm going to die young." When you start to notice the thought as a thought, then it gives you some freedom from believing that thought. So just because you think something, doesn't mean it's true, doesn't mean it's real, doesn't mean it's a sign, or anything like that, it's just a thought. These thoughts pop in and they pop out, but they don't necessarily mean anything. So, just ask yourself, "Do I choose to act on these thoughts?" and if not, you can let them pass like leaves on a stream, and I've got a video on that if you'd like to to see more about that. So then skill number four is all about how you build a good life in the face of death. So once when I was leading a mental health group for a bunch of teenagers with depression. For the very first group session I took them to the cemetery. Now why did I do that? Because I really believe that remembering the shortness of life helps us live a happier one. This philosophical approach is called memento mori. Which means in Latin, "Remember that you will die" Instead of avoiding all thoughts and all chances of death, embrace the knowledge of death as a passionate way to live life now to the fullest. In other cultures, both past and present, people intentionally set up reminders of death, and that's to help them live it more fully. So here's an example of that, on my honeymoon we visited the capuchin crypt. So this display is not meant to be macabre, but it's a silent reminder of the swift passage of our life on this earth, and our own mortality. People used to carry reminders of death around with them, not to make themselves gloomy or depressed, but to to remind themselves to live well. So for example, Mary Queen of Scots owned a large watch shaped like a silver skull, and on it were carved the words, "pale death knocks" With the same tempo upon the huts of the poor and the towers of kings. Now don't get me wrong, I'm not saying you should spend your life obsessed with death, neither fearing it nor worshiping it. I'm saying we should remember death so that we can live our life well. This is all about accepting what you can't change, and changing what you can. Take the time to explore the difference. So I took that group of teenagers to the cemetery to to remind them that we can overcome depression, and we can live a more full and meaningful life by doing the most important things. We consistently need to shift our focus from our fears and letting fears run our life, to our choice about what we want our life to be about. Now the most important things usually aren't things, they're usually people. Try new things, you can make a bucket list, but look out for individualism and hedonism. Because these might leave you feeling empty. Instead, make your bucket list about doing good in the world, about loving people, about growing and giving, and loving and serving. If you haven't finished business to take of, if there's someone you need to talk with, take care of it, you know. Spend time reconciling your actions. Live intentionally, reach out to a higher power, choose to live life intentionally, and and choose to live a life based on your values, what you think is most important. The fear of death is often the fear of not living life on your own terms. The more you embrace life, the less frightened you'll feel about moving on to the next stage when when that time does come. Now, if you want to read an allegory that I find helpful, or see links to the other resources that I mentioned, check out the links in the description, I'll make sure to put in some links there to more things you can learn and more things you can research. Another thing I would recommend, is check out the youtube channel ask a mortician. She does an amazing job of addressing our culture's death phobia, and death avoidance, and gives some really practical suggestions for how we can get more down to earth about our approach to death. Now that's going to help us live a better life. So thank you for watching, and take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TherapyinaNutshell [4 likes]: Improve your mental health with the free course, https://courses.therapyinanutshell.com/grounding-skills-for-anxiety-stress-and-ptsd
  2. @kisslainterzis [3 likes]: I've been in a state of panic and derealization for some time now because i realized a few weeks ago that theres a very big possibility that after we die, theres is gonna be nothing and we wont remember anything, just as we didnt before we were born. This makes me feel so depressed and like i have no ambition to do anything, because i keep asking "whats the point if i wont remember anyway?" I hate HATE HATE this because i know i could just not be thinking about these things and feel so weird, but my brain cant stop fixating on them. I might have ocd, i dont know, but i feel so crazy and overwhelmed
  3. @itzcody86 [1 likes]: I don’t want to leave life behind I love life so much and I can’t fathom the idea of not existing anymore
  4. @hid34way [1 likes]: Most videos on this topic made me feel worse, but yours somehow helped. Even some of the comments on this video made it just that bit easier to get through this intense fear. Thank you, thank you all.
  5. @johnhawkins4908 [1 likes]: You speak very confidently and authoritatively, listing 1-2-3-4 skills that will manage or solve ones death anxiety. I suspect this comes from your optimistic Christian worldview. You are young and certainly no where close to standing at the precipice of the end of life, where the full impact of this existential crisis can be felt. I think Irvin Yalom (Staring at the Sun) and Sheldon Solomon have much more to offer on this topic.
  6. @Landlord_3: Amazing, thank you! This is coming from a 28 year old guy, who is learning to feel for the first time since a kid 😂
  7. @Voidproductions-l5f: Late as hell but I’m terrified, no, paranoid of death. I’m scared to go to sleep sometimes because I’m afraid I won’t wake up.
  8. @reelinreggie: Im not afraid to die. Im afraid of my loved ones dying
  9. @NICUofficial: I'm sad and scared that I won't be able to talk to or see my loved ones anymore after I die
I'm anxious that I will leave too many things unfinished in my life to die at peace when the time comes
in a way I'm anxious in the present moment purely because I fear the future anxiety of my own death experience, even though it's hopefully many decades away
Even though I see that sounds a little crazy, it's still really hard to sit with those emotions
I am scared of my own regrets and self-recriminations, more than anything in the world, really
But it's comforting to read these comments and know I'm not alone
  10. @NikkiEdmunds: For me, it’s the fear of pain that triggers me being terrified of dying.  I don’t think we will ever not exist. I learned that energy cannot be destroyed.  We are energy, therefore, we will never not exist.
  11. @Thatonegirlwhokayaks: The comment sectional alone and made me feel so much better. As a single 49-year-old woman who doesn’t have much interest in dating, I feel like my isolation maybe makes this worse for me. I don’t have anyone to talk to about it and I am reassured by reading these comments that I am not weird, but this sounds like it’s pretty common.
  12. @leosotuff: I am really freaked out because of how there is literally nothing, just void after, and 5 billion years later, solar system will end. I also felt bad for my parents..
  13. @FikirSeifu-n1o: Thank very much you are helping a lot🙏
  14. @Empire-Eternity: Thanks for this!
  15. @dafalzonAUS: I'm afraid to die because I cease to exist, 1 minute your here, the next it's like you weren't here at all, you vanish, especially because I'm lonely, it's like I never mattered at all!
  16. @Slevesque110: We all are scared of the same thing, not existing. That’s why religion exists, it’s truly terrifying and there is no cure to this fear. I’ve been feeling this since for as long as I can remember. Acceptance just isn’t possible for me, I try to ignore it and every few months it will hit me. Sometimes so bad it’s all I can think about and nothing else will have any value for days. It will be the only thing I think about. I try to accept that my body will become nutrients for another being and that my life has value because I got to live it, but it just doesn’t matter, it’s all going away and time just gets faster. What is actually the point in living in this agony being scared of the only cure to the fear. Sometimes it helps to think “Well living for eternity would be hell” but why can’t we have longer? Why can’t we choose when we’re done with this? I wish I was born a fish so I didn’t have to even be introduced to this hell
  17. @deepsightofficial: Very helpful
  18. @sbgtrev: There's no links in the description other than the usual ones for paid subscriptions and courses
  19. @gackmoly: I'm afraid dying because of losing love one
  20. @Seeking-bp7xc: I am so afraid to die. 
To not see my children anymore here. 
To say goodbye to them. 
I am so afraid to let go of them.
 I am so not living well because I am so afraid to say goodbye to my beautiful children. 
Thats my only issue.
 If I had no kids, wouldn't care. But now that I do, leaving them kills me here, literally. I can't fathom never seeing them again. Not trusting life after death

- Social Anxiety in the Modern World | Dr. Fallon Goodman | TEDxUSF: Kind: captions Language: en [Applause] each person who entered our therapy clinic answered a stack of questions before beginning treatment and during my years as a therapist there there was one question i always reviewed before meeting with a new client it asks this what is your purpose in life defined as a central motivating life vein something you're trying to accomplish now to be fair this is a difficult question identifying a single purpose in life feels really hard it also feels consequential many people spend years searching for and developing their purposes and some never find it but typically we see responses like this to be an engaged parent to make meaningful change in my community to build a career i'm proud of to live for a long time just keeping it simple but then there was the answer of one young woman who i worked with before meeting with her as i always did i flipped to see how she described her purpose and she wrote this to avoid being noticed by other people this young woman a bright witty compassionate high schooler decided that her purpose in life was to make sure that other people did not know that she existed this is the power of social anxiety at its core social anxiety is about the fear of being rejected when we feel socially anxious we become hyper focused on how we are appearing to others we scan the room looking for signs of threat and disapproval signs we might have slipped up and are at risk for rejection and then we seek comfort and signs of approval smiles head nods laughs and so on and while social anxiety can be exhausting it exists for a reason social anxiety tries to protect us from rejection and it does that by tuning us into the nuances and norms and dynamics of a social group so we can match our behavior to fit in with them and ultimately avoid being rejected now this is a good thing because humans are social we exist in social groups we rely on each other whether or not we like that but also more simply because rejection is painful take a moment to think about your own rejection experiences however cringeworthy we all have them maybe you were ghosted after a first date been there maybe you were rejected from your dream job maybe you were ousted from a friend group projection's unpleasant and social anxiety tries to protect us from it but social anxiety becomes problematic when it begins to interfere with the life you want to live and this happens when your fear of rejection becomes intertwined with your view of yourself when you believe you will be rejected because you think you have some inherent flaw deficiency or failing of character you were ghosted after that first date and you believe it's because you are not lovable or attractive enough you were turned down from your dream job and you believe it's because you're not intelligent or competent enough you're outside from that friend group interesting or funny enough our fear of rejection is really a fear of being less than less than we want to be less than we think we should be or less than we believe society wants us to be and over time this belief system can develop into social anxiety disorder when a person has social anxiety disorder they become overly concerned about other people scrutinizing them evaluating them harshly and ultimately rejecting them so much so that they begin to construct their lives around avoiding rejection because if you can avoid being noticed by other people then those people have fewer data points on which to reject you now social anxiety disorder is one of the most common mental illnesses in the world many estimates put it second only to depression in the united states alone more than 12 percent of americans at some point in their lives will have diagnosable social anxiety disorder that's roughly 40 million people now worldwide the estimates are lower they're four percent which in and of itself is interesting but based on current population estimates four percent of the world's roughly 300 million people that will potentially have social anxiety disorder at some point in their lifetime and despite how prevalent it is it's widely misunderstood widely misdiagnosed and often missed entirely this is because several myths about social anxiety pervade our culture the first myth is that people with social anxiety are happier alone a stereotype of someone with social anxiety is a recluse you'd rather be hiding away alone in their bedroom than out interacting with the world and this is simply not true in research conducted in my lab we find that people with social anxiety disorder desire strong healthy intimate relationships to the same degree as those without mental illness and they do socialize they're not robotic aliens and when they socialize they often enjoy doing so in fact when we ask people with social anxiety how happy they are they report feeling happier when they are with other people than when they're alone this is because not all social interactions are stressful maybe someone feels socially anxious with friends but not the romantic partner or they feel anxious with strangers and acquaintances but not people like their neighbors or co-workers so even though some interactions are stressful people with social anxiety are not devoid of the basic desire for human connection they just have trouble obtaining it in certain situations with certain people okay so maybe then social anxiety people social anxiety do socialize and when they do they enjoy it but it's with a small tight-knit group of people and really social anxiety is about avoiding the spotlight and this is the second myth social anxiety is not necessarily about a fear of public performance well this is true of some people other people with social anxiety find performing in front of others less anxiety provoking than smaller more intimate conversations like where they have to carry a conversation one-on-one many people with social anxiety excel in careers that are intertwined with social evaluation and social performance modeling acting sports in may of 2021 naomi osaka declined to participate in press conferences of the french open she courageously and preemptively shared that they exacerbated her social anxiety shortly thereafter she received a wave of public backlash and scrutiny she goes on to play her first match of course wins and then she withdraws from the french open many people were perplexed about how someone could have social anxiety and also be the number one ranked tennis player in the world lead a fashion campaign with nike good choice and on the cover of sports illustrated in a swimsuit in an interview the year prior in discussing her social anxiety osaka explained on the court is completely different i love playing at arthur ashe because it's the biggest stadium and you feel the rumble of the crowd you kind of feel like a gladiator because it's super big quote and there are so many people watching your match but off the court if i was ever thrown into a situation where i had to speak in front of 100 people i feel like i would start shaking there is no one-size-fits-all profile of social anxiety just like people who are depressed have different collections of symptoms at different times for different reasons social anxiety looks different in different people and last and maybe the most problematic myth that social anxiety is fleeting and harmless social anxiety is not just something you grow out of it doesn't magically disappear when you graduate middle school or high school without intervention many people struggle with social anxiety for years for decades and social anxiety can influence every aspect of a person's life it can influence the hobbies they choose maybe opting for solo activities like reading writing rather than things like team sports it can influence the careers people pursue maybe opting for careers with more individual like computer time versus things like sales or customer service and social anxiety can influence people's everyday lives ricky williams star nfl running back heisman winning running back dazzled millions of people on the football field every week and yet he shared that he struggled with social anxiety and because of it he had difficulty interacting with teammates running everyday errands where he'd have to interact with people and even interacting with his own daughter the real tragedy of social anxiety is that it robs individuals of their greatest resource other people other people help us overcome adversity like recovering from illness or after you bomb a job interview other people help us celebrate milestones like showing up to the birth of our child or a wedding or a graduation and other people help us overcome loss like grieving the death of a loved one our fear of rejection gets in the way of obtaining and appreciating the benefits of being accepted the benefits of other people and in our modern world it is harder than ever to manage social anxiety we are more connected today than any time in human history and yet we are lonelier more depressed and more socially anxious than ever we have endless tools to socialize and yet we are seeing a decay in social connection in a rapid amount of time our social structures have been upended and rewritten technology and social media have created new standards for social relationships and interactions do i post it do i share it do i like it do i love it we create these bizarre extensions of ourselves through curated profiles and now avatars we try to make sense of unlimited feedback from a massive and often invisible audience and the cost of social blunders are higher things you do and things you say can live online forever and subject you to unforgiving scrutiny reputation loss and even job loss it is a tough time to have but the world will become more not less connected and the influence of technology and social media will grow not shrink now is the time to address social anxiety and here's how the first and maybe easiest thing we can do is identify early early detection is critical because of those who go on to develop social more than half will have developed it before their 14th birthday more than half and social anxiety puts people at risk for developing other mental illnesses later on of adults who are diagnosed with both social anxiety disorder and a mood disorder like depression social anxiety came first 70 of the time of adults who were diagnosed with both social anxiety disorder and alcohol use disorder social anxiety came first it was developed first approximately 80 percent of the time what these data suggest is that social anxiety starts early and it puts people at risk for developing other mental illnesses but here's the incredible part social anxiety can be reliably and accurately flagged by asking just a few simple questions questions like does your fear of rejection is one among one of your worst fears and is your fear of rejection get in the way of doing things that you otherwise want to be or enjoy doing the cost of asking these questions is like 30 seconds and zero dollars we don't have to create new infrastructures we don't have to up end existing ones we can embed early detection programs into our existing structures like at schools new year orientation one-on-one counselor meetings and in primary care settings because if a doctor can screen for depression then she can also screen for social anxiety early detection and then appropriately intervening can significantly alter the trajectories of young people the second thing we can do is harness our platforms one of the benefits of living in this hyper-connected world is that a single person can have a ton of power they can use their platforms to create meaningful and lasting social change i mentioned ricky williams and osaka who have used their platforms to share about their social anxiety and just from these two people we've seen the ripple effect in response to osaka's announcement viola davis oscar emmy tony award-winning actress shared that she struggles with social anxiety a woman whose job it is as an actress to embody and express the complexities of people in very vulnerable and very public ways but frankly these celebrities are not the poster children for social anxiety they are just three of the millions who suffer who are brave enough to talk about it and we can do the same with our platforms however big or small in our schools in our workplaces in our communities and in our homes because regular candid and forthcoming conversations about mental illness ultimately reduce stigma correct harmful myths and get people the help that they need the last thing that we can do is foster social courage addressing social anxiety is not about preventing or avoiding rejection addressing social anxiety is about fostering social courage being socially courageous means pursuing experiences and knowing that your chances of rejection are not zero in fact the chances that you get rejected at some point in your life at some point this year are high and worse you might be rejected as a function of who you are things about yourself that you cannot change where you come from what you look like or who you love experiences because they are important to you and knowing that the successes of those pursuits are not contingent on your worth as a human being being socially courageous means knowing your worth and finding people and social groups that love and accept that person and being socially courageous means asking that person out applying for that job speaking up at that meeting or that party or giving that big talk on that big stage knowing that rejection lurks around the corner but the opportunity for growth and for purpose shines brighter a purpose not defined by ensuring that you go unnoticed in this world but a purpose that makes you feel most alive most present and most authentically you thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ellen-h5i [3 likes]: My God… so easy for her to say. Try living it.
  2. @JoAndjo-fs1fh [3 likes]: I know a lot about social phobia, and I understand that not everyone is judging me—they are busy with their own lives. I’m already taking medication and practicing meditation, but when I face a crowd, my anxiety still comes back. This is my struggle with sociophobia
  3. @dishasarawgi7440 [2 likes]: I've spent almost two decades, letting social anxiety destruct my life. I'm 28 now. I feel like I've wasted the best years of my life because of this, and my life looks so different from what I'd want it to be. I've shied away from most opportunities, often avoided social situations. I'm overthinking, even about posting this comment. I don't know when, or if it will get better. But i'll hope, and continue to try and get better.

To anyone struggling with this, the anxiety is real, and it can get really hard on some days. But i hope you find the strength to believe in yourself <3
  4. @Kurtun170 [2 likes]: 0:19 It's easy to answer that question the purpose of my life is to worship Allah. The only religion to answer that question is Islam. 😊
  5. @khloelive2965ICE_OUT [2 likes]: I can’t even sit at my desk without thinking that I’m being judged
  6. @Ejg-c5r [2 likes]: I’m 58 and feel like I’m having the worst case of SA. I’ve always dealt with low self esteem but it wasn’t paralyzing.  Lately I feel so much anxiety, I don’t even want to speak up. I honestly feel like it’s disrupting my life! I’m so self conscious about everything I say, wear, the way I look & talk. Ugh. 😩
  7. @athulks1904 [2 likes]: I think social anxiety is purposefuly created by some sort of mastermind who controls the society. It can be addressed and treated like any other diseases. It can be done in schools, office, and clubs. But no one do this. Because only guys who survive it comes to the top 1% like politicians, lawyers, businessmen, actors. 70% of the population have this but dont get enough treatment. Even though they are intelligent, they are blocked by this barrier. This barrier uplift the higher one more higher and the lower one consider them as unique people as they dont have this skill. We should adress it that anyone can be social. And everyone should be social. Because social anxiety teach as to be silient and endure injustice. We need to break this barrier.
  8. @sumbl1ss [2 likes]: I also do enjoy being alone mostly. Introvert social anxiety vs extrovert, missed that one in the study.
  9. @FAEDRABECKMAN-zs8fr [2 likes]: It's so hard just to go outside. I'm not worried about what people think. I just been in my home for 4 years and it started from depression but now it's sometime else. I do get panic attacks and that is what I avoid but I'm not worried about  people opinions. I'm just looking for my freedom
  10. @ياعباس-س9ف [2 likes]: even few people i think bad so
  11. @ياعباس-س9ف [2 likes]: in situations i so pressured lossed hope
  12. @ياعباس-س9ف [2 likes]: h is differ simply he has this a lot
  13. @ronaldgamboa07 [1 likes]: Very interesting!
  14. @chrisbowman4267 [1 likes]: My social anxiety seems to make others feel awkward when I am in conversation with them. It seems like my anxiety is  contagious or something lol... Can anyone relate...?
  15. @ABI-g5e6r [1 likes]: Its like your stuck in your own head
  16. @sumbl1ss [1 likes]: Mine was caused by someone finding a fault, and kicking me from the friend group. It’s not a false fear. She was the new girl too.
  17. @ياعباس-س9ف [1 likes]: with social anxiety center of problem simple obvious interaction consider it as rejection i think this so this has long effect no try so the other feel he not care
  18. @Userhdiekejeheu7w: This video was pointless. She stigmatized people with SA by describing it as a mental illness and she didnt give any advice on how to get rid of it or help manage it
  19. @RunToEternity: I am most content when you do not see me,
I don't exist when you don't see me
I don't exist when you're not here,
what the eye don't see won't break the mask,
it will make believe when we're apart,
but when you leave, I disappear 
Lyrics from When You Don't See Me by the Sisters of Mercy
  20. @BrethanielGallier: Its shper hars to live with social anxiety. I justt wish it all melter away. I took a social college degree thinking it would chre me but it didnt... :( its crazy be living lime this for decades

- Recognizing and Treating Problematic Fear & Anxiety in Children | John Piacentini, PhD | UCLAMDChat: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm John Piacentini. I am a Professor of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences at the Semel Institute at UCLA. I also direct the Cares Center at UCLA, which is the Center for Child Anxiety Resilience Education in Support, and this is the center where we work with the community to develop programs to prevent child anxiety and promote resilient children. Today, I'm going to be talking about how to recognize and treat problematic fear and anxiety in children. And you can ask questions on Twitter using the hashtag #UCLAMDChat, and I'll be answering--have a few minutes at the end of the talk to answer questions for you, and it's a pleasure to be here to be doing this for you today. So, what I'm going to talk about today is how to describe and distinguish between normal, mild, and clinically problematic fear and anxiety, to describe some of the signs and signals that your child might have an anxiety problem, and to describe effective strategies for helping your child to manage his or her fear and anxiety. So, first is, what is anxiety, and how do I know if my child has a problem? Well, anxiety is an expectation of something bad happening. So, children that are anxious look a lot like adults that are anxious, and anxiety is really worrying about things that might happen in the future. "Am I going to get sick? Am I going to get a bad grade on this test? Is something going to happen to mom or dad? Are kids going to tease me now?" This is a little different from fear, which--we think a lot about children being fearful and anxious-- what fear is, fear is an immediate reaction to an actual threat or a perceived threat, so fear is really in the moment, I see a bee flying at me and I'm afraid I'm going to get stung, I hear a dog barking I'm afraid I'm going to get bitten. So it really is something that's more immediate. Anxiety is really worrying more about things that might happen in the future. When we think about anxiety or fears, we think about normal and developmental fears. So, anxiety and fear are really important aspects of us and of animals as well, and anxiety and fear are really nature's early warning system, kind of our burglar alarm, or our alarm to let us know when something might be dangerous or harmful and to avoid it. So, when we think about different kinds of normal fears at different ages, we can think about infancy--so we know about infants, stranger anxiety or stranger fears--when the infant's first able to differentiate between different people, they recognize that somebody is new or different from their parent, to their mother, and that will make them anxious--loud noises, also. Early childhood, you tend to see the normal fear is changing a little bit, and that becomes separation anxiety, becomes much more common. So, children are really attached to their parents or other important figures in their life, and they can certainly be afraid about something bad happening to them or getting separated, and you can see that in little kids, 2, 3, 4, and even older, worrying, always wanting to be with mommy or know where mommy or daddy are. You also start seeing fears of things like monsters, things that kids really aren't aware of or don't understand that can also be scary. We're going to talk a little bit more about what this means just in a minute. Middle childhood--as children are in school, they're meeting other kids, they're more broadly engaged with the world. The fears also morph a little bit or change to reflect that. So they start worrying about real world dangers, kids start hearing about earthquakes or floods or droughts or fires, and they start getting worried about that or kidnappers, and new challenges that come up to them. They may start worrying more about school or how well they're doing in school because all of a sudden school and academics are becoming more more difficult in adolescence. We all know adolescence is a time where children really--and adolescents and teens--focus their attention more on their peers and how they're doing relative to other to other kids and others in their social group. So it's not surprising that the most common normative fears or normal fears in adolescents relate to social status, social group performance to other people like me. "How well am I doing at these different kinds of activities?" These are all completely normal fears that people have kids have. What I want to talk about in just a second is how do you distinguish these typical fears, or these the normal developmental fears, from problematic fears and problematic anxiety? But first, let's talk about a couple just general points about anxiety in general that characterize anxiety in children. As I just said, mild fears are very common in children, everybody has fears or worries at different points, and again, these are quite typical. The number of fears tends to decline with age, so young children have a lot of worries about a lot of things. As you get older, you tend to have fewer specific fears, and some of this is because as we get older, we have a better understanding of how the world works, so one, you think about young kids that worry a lot about monsters, or there's something under my bed at night, when kids are afraid to sleep, or there's somebody outside my window, and for children, when they hear noises like floorboards creaking or a tree branch blowing against the window, they really want to understand what's going on, what's going on with that, so the logical explanation for a lot of kids is that there's a monster under my bed, or there's something under my bed, and that actually helps them try to understand what's going on. As we get older, we realize it's not a monster under the bed, it may be the wood creaking, or it may be the wind blowing, so specific fears tend to reduce in frequency over the course of age. Overall, girls report a greater number of fears than boys, but this is age-related, so prior to puberty, boys and girls tend to report the same numbers of fears and have the same kind of the problem with anxiety. It's pretty similar across boys and girls. Once adolescence occurs and into adulthood, the number of fears and the rates of anxiety disorder are higher in females than they are in males. The manner in which children express their fear, anxiety, and sadness--also which, oftentimes you do see sadness or depression associated with anxiety problems in children is really related to their level of cognitive and emotional development-- so young children are more likely to express their fear or anxiety by clinging, by crying, maybe by tantruming, by stomachaches and headaches, a lot of physical symptoms. As you get older, the fear may be --children, they become more cognitively mature, they may be more likely to express their fears to worries and thoughts and things like that. As I said earlier, fears often change as children grow older. For example, from concrete things like the monsters in the dark, fear of getting sick, to more abstract fears, will others like me, what about my future, what's going to happen with the world? And again, this just really reflects children as they mature into teenagers and eventually into adults, just the ability to think more abstractly, to think about the future. They have a broader perspective on topics that are on their minds, and their anxieties are going to reflect these topics, and again, the focus of fears tends to change over time, as I said. So, more specific fears for younger children; typically more social anxiety or social fears as kids get older. That's not to say that social anxiety or shyness doesn't occur in young children--it does quite a bit, and specific fears also occur in older kids, so you can have phobias or specific fears of dogs or the dark or things like that, but in general, if we look at the population as a whole, the specific fears tend to be more common in younger kids, and social fear is more common in older kids. So, let's start thinking a little bit about--so all these normal fears that kids have, and this is what fears look like in children at different ages, so when do we start talking about problematic anxiety or an anxiety disorder? Well, again, even short episodes of anxiety are pretty common in kids, so your child may have a meltdown or may be upset about the first day of school. Being nervous or anxious about that--again, the anxiety that your child expresses is going to be above average, it's going to be typically more than he or she might express in other situations, but this, again, this is probably relatively normal, and when we think about these anxiety episodes that aren't really problematic, we think that they're typically associated with some kind of a circumscribed event, or a specific event. So, going to a new school for the first day, which can be stressful, loud thunder, or a thunder and lightning storm, having to give an oral report in school, maybe experience some teasing at school, or being in new situations where they have to go to their first, say, piano lesson or soccer practice--these kinds of situations are typically associated with some anxiety or some worry. And some kids may not want to go, or they may refuse to go, they may get upset, but in most children, these are relatively short-lasting, that once they get over these first day jitters, they feel more comfortable, and then the activities that they're doing may be positive for them and the anxiety will go away. So a child that's new in school and may be nervous about going to a birthday party for a classmate because they don't know anybody-- that's pretty common, but once the child gets to the party, if there's other kids that are friendly and they're having fun, their fear is quickly going to go away. Same thing with child going to their first soccer practice--could be pretty frightening for them, but once they are able to get more comfortable with the team and what's to be expected of them, then they'll do fine. So the short-term episodes of anxiety, there's little outbursts that are predictable, that are related to specific events, again, are pretty normal, usually not something to worry about. So when do we need to start worrying about anxiety? What's the difference between these normal episodes and more problematic anxiety? Well, there are a couple of things to look for. The first is the intensity of the fear. So, is the child's fear response or anxiety response within expected limits? For example, being nervous on the first day at a new school, or is it really out of proportion to the actual threat? Is the child expressing some nervousness, and saying, "Mommy, I don't know, I'm scared, I don't want to go to school." Maybe a little extra clingy, maybe a little bit of crying, again, would probably be considered normal in most situations. But throwing a full-blown tantrum, screaming and yelling, trying to break things, trying to run out of the school, again, that's a little bit of a greater intensity. A lot of children may be afraid of dogs, you know, walking in the park. If a big dog walks by, the child may cling a little closer to mommy or to somebody, the babysitter, or to somebody else--again, that's not that unusual. However, if a little dog walks by and walks up and starts sniffing the child, if the child gets really upset or runs away or starts to cry again, that's probably out of proportion to the potential threat of that dog. So we're looking for intense fears that are surprising in, kind of, the degree or intensity of the response to the situation. The frequency of fears is another important thing to look for. So, again, the first day of school-- even the first few days or the week or two of school might cause some nervousness in the child. If these fears or nervousness lasts longer than that, if it's going on for several weeks or month or longer, again, that may indicate some kind of a problem. If the child is starting to get upset about things, tantruming, clinging, crying multiple times a day or multiple times a week over the same situation--again, that may indicate that there's some kind of a problem. Is the context of the fear focused on an innocuous situation? It's one thing to be afraid of a bulldog that's barking or snarling--that's actually appropriate. It's another thing to get really upset about a cartoon dog, cartoon that has a picture of a dog in it, or a picture of a dog in a book, or a small little dog. Or a child going to the birthday party of somebody that they know well, or a friend, or visiting cousins-- again, if the situation--if you look at the situation and it's hard to figure out why the child might be afraid in that situation, that might be an indicator of more problematic anxiety. And does the fear occur spontaneously? So when we think about about normal fear or normal anxiety, typically, it's triggered by something that we can understand--as I've said, first day of school, seeing a scary dog, trying something new for the first time, having to give a report in class, for example--some children may express fear, panic attacks, or just crying or upset or clinging or worrying for no apparent reason, it just comes on out of the blue, and in these situations, again, we're looking, thinking that this might be something that could indicate a problem. So we have normal anxiety, we have problematic anxiety. When is anxiety actually a disorder? So, we've heard of anxiety disorders, and this would be something that probably would warrant intervention, and there are a number of factors that we're going to be looking at. When the anxiety leads to significant avoidance-- so if the child refuses to go to school, the child refuses to go to piano lessons or to go to play in the soccer games or baseball games for their team, the child refuses to go to birthday parties, the child may even refuse to want to be around their cousins or other people that they're familiar with, the child refuses to go to the park because they're afraid that there are going to be dogs at the park-- when we see the anxiety resulting in the child starting to avoid important things or things that they should be doing, again, that's when we think that it might be time to talk to somebody about getting help. Similar to avoidance is interference--when the anxiety really starts interfering in with important aspects of the child's life. And, again, this would be the same thing. School--if the anxiety is causing the child to be so upset in school that he or she can't do their work or be involved in other activities, or if the child is actually missing a lot of school because of anxiety, again, that's a problem. We see a lot of children oftentimes will go to the school nurse or go to the office and ask to call their parent to be picked up, complaining of like stomachaches or headaches or other kinds of things. When we see patterns like this, again, that suggests to us that there probably is something that needs to be looked at. In terms of other types of interference, we can think about interference in terms of social functioning-- so if we think about the job of being a child, what's the job of being a child? The job is to go to school, to learn, so to prepare them for the world, and also to develop social relationships so that they can have friends, they can learn how to get along with others, how to negotiate with others, how to plan, how to organize things. And when children that are anxious--especially children with social anxiety--start avoiding social situations, or if the anxiety interferes with their ability to have friends or to keep friends, again, that's a problem, and that's something that we're going to think about, it's time to maybe look for treatment. Distress is another thing that we're looking at, so--it's one thing for the child to tantrum or get upset before school, the first few days of school. If they become really upset, if the anxiety is really distressing, really troubling, or upsetting to them over longer periods of time, that's something we're thinking about maybe problematic, and it's not only distress for the child, it's also distress for other family members. If the child's anxiety begins to interfere with the functioning of other family members--all of a sudden, the family can't go out to dinner, they can't go to the park, or can't do fun things that they like to do because the child is too upset or anxious, again, that could be a problem. And that can really be distressing to parents or to siblings as well. If siblings aren't able to have a friend come over to play because it will upset their brother or sister who's anxious about being around other people, again, that can be both upsetting, distressing, and interfering. And finally, duration. So, we talked about duration. It's okay to be nervous the first few days of school. If the anxiety lasts, you know, for weeks or months or longer, again, that's something that we would look at as potentially troubling. So if your child has anxiety that isn't really interfering, it's a little bit upsetting but it usually goes away or resolves, that child may be okay, that might be fine, the child may grow out of that anxiety. If the anxiety is leading to avoidance of important activities, if it's leading to interference with the child's ability to make or keep friends, with their schoolwork, or kind of typical family functioning, if the child is is overly distressed, or other family members are distressed by the child's anxiety, or if the anxiety is lasting for longer periods of time, these are all signs that the anxiety may be problematic enough to look for help. So how common are anxiety disorders in children and adolescents? So we're talking about children that actually have anxiety that meets these prior criteria that is sufficient enough to cause interference in their life and to possibly trigger on treatment. Well, it's really the most common child psychiatric disorder in the country. If you look at all the different anxiety disorders combined, up to about 12%-20% of children, based on large-scale surveys--and this isn't surveys of just kids in clinics, this is surveys of kids in schools and in the community--up to 12%-20% of kids in the community suffer from anxiety that may be interfering with their lives in one or another ways. So, let's think. If you look at a typical classroom--I mean, that may be 3-5 kids or more in every classroom on average would suffer from some significant anxiety disorder, and when we think about the different types of anxiety disorders, some are more common than others, and I'm going to talk just a little bit about some of these more common disorders, but separation anxiety social anxiety disorder and generalized anxiety disorder are typically the most common disorders that we see. Also, specific phobia. So a specific fear of dogs, heights, the dark, etc. can be quite common. Other disorders that we see in children are obsessive-compulsive disorder--it's also reasonably common, less than the others, selective mutism--when children are afraid to talk or unable or refuse to talk in school or in social situations although they're able to talk at home-- we see is about 1% or 2% along with OCD, and then agoraphobia, which your children are afraid to leave home, or panic disorder--children that have recurrent panic attacks for no reason--these are less common in children. So, let's talk about some of the more common disorders and what they really look like. So, separation anxiety disorder is basically a disorder in which the child is afraid to be apart from parents or other major attachment figures, such as a grandparent or somebody else that's really involved in taking care of the child because they're afraid that if they separate or are separated from their parent or this other major attachment figure, something bad is going to happen to them or to the parent, and they'll never see each other again. So they worry a lot about bad things happening to others. They worry that something bad is going to happen to them, they're going to get lost if they go out to the store, or that when they go to school, they're going to get kidnapped, or something's going to happen to the parent when parents go out at night or parents are out running errands, or at work that something bad might be happening to them and the child will be left alone. These children are afraid to be home alone. They oftentimes will follow mom or dad around the house. They may be very clingy, they may not want to be left in the room by themselves, difficult sleeping alone at night. Separation in children are the children that always want to get in bed with the parent or have a parent sleep with them, and they also complain a lot of physical symptoms like headaches or stomachaches, and these--often it's headaches or stomachaches-- are used an excuse to stay home from school, and this is a reasonably common disorder. You know, we think about separation anxiety occurring in younger children, and it does, but we also see separation anxiety in teenagers, and actually, now we recognize that separation anxiety can also occur in adults, so we can have maybe a spouse or an adult child living with parents that might be worried about bad things happening to another family member. So you tend to see the separation anxiety in terms of the different symptoms that you would look out for in young children. They're just pretty explicit. They're worried about something bad happening to Mommy or Daddy. There's--something bad might happen to them. They may have nightmares about being separated, they may refuse to go to school or not want to go to school. Children, when they get a little bit older, they get extremely upset when a parent tries to go out. They're going to be left with the babysitter. That can lead to tantrums and screaming and yelling, and a lot of cases, parents are stuck staying home. And then older kids, even teenagers and in high school, tend to also want to stay home from school and describe a lot of stomachaches and headaches and other physical complaints. Another common disorder is social anxiety disorder, or social phobia, and what social anxiety is, it's a marked and persistent fear of social situations in which the child or the teen is going to be exposed to new people or possible evaluation. So really, what this cuts down to is a child or a teen saying I don't want to talk to people, I don't want to go to parties, I don't want to give book reports, I don't want to be in public because I'm afraid I'm going to do something really embarrassing or humiliating and it's going to be really, really upsetting. So this is like an extreme, extreme form of self-consciousness, and in being exposed in situations in public, the child or adolescent can become extremely anxious. They will try to avoid these situations as much as possible. It really leads to a lot of interference in functioning, and to give this as a diagnosis, the symptoms need to be present for at least six months. So when we think about that, how social anxiety looks in different children, maybe can begin as inhibited temperament. So these are the really clingy, shy children that you tend to see, even as very, very young babies, may be associated with selective mutism--as I said, children that are afraid to, are unable to talk in public settings, although they can talk at home, and then rates of social anxiety disorder tend to increase with age, so it's more common in adolescents. And it's also quite common in adults, and a lot of adults who have social anxiety disorder report that the symptoms first began when they were in adolescence. What are some of the commonly avoided situations we see with social anxiety disorder? Parties, meeting new people, entering a group of peers, talking one-on-one, dating, certainly, being assertive, standing up for themselves, having to do a performance like a book report, a piano recital, a soccer game, or baseball game-- extremely difficult for youth with separation and social anxiety disorder--and even eating in public or using public restrooms, writing in public at school, can all be signs of social anxiety disorder. So the third disorder I'm going to talk about is generalized anxiety disorder, and as the name suggests, these are children that are worried or afraid about just about everything, so it's excessive anxiety and worry that it is almost always present, and it's worry about a number of different things. So, kids with generalized anxiety disorder worry about how well they are at other things, am I as good as other kids, am I good enough in sports, am I good enough in school. They worry about being on time, they worry about the family running out of money, they worry about parents getting a divorce even when there's no problems at home, they worry about the Middle East, they worry about world events. These are kids that really worry about just about everything. The worry is really difficult to control, and the worry is oftentimes associated with physical symptoms like fatigue, restlessness, difficulty thinking, difficulty sleeping, muscle tension, as you might expect, because these kids are always tense or anxious. So kids with generalized anxiety are very self-conscious. They require frequent reassurance, so one of the tell-tale signs of generalized anxiety disorder is constant reassurance seeking. "Am I going to be okay? Is this okay? I'm worried about this bad thing happening." A lot of what-if questions. "But what if this happens? What if I get lost? What if I run out of lunch money? What if a burglar breaks into the house? What if something bad happens at school?" What if, what if--they really worry a lot about the future, and they're trying to get reassurance that things are going to be okay. Unfortunately, the reassurance doesn't work, and the kids continue to worry. So how does anxiety interfere at school, which is oftentimes where the symptoms may be maybe initially picked up? So, when we think about generalized anxiety disorder, we think about excessive worry about schoolwork, friendships, schedules, procedures, things that they need to do, health, and they're asking the teachers or other people at school for reassurance or repeatedly asking questions to make sure that things are going to be okay. Social phobia, or social anxiety, again, has significant impacts at school because children try to avoid school, or they try to avoid participating in class or speaking in class. I mean the socially anxious child's worst nightmare is getting called on by the teacher, even if they know the answer, so they oftentimes tend to shrink down and try to be unnoticed. Very worried about doing something embarrassing in front of other kids. They may avoid the lunchroom. They may avoid recess and go in the library or hide out somewhere because they're afraid, again, of doing something dumb or embarrassing or being humiliated in public. And then separation anxiety disorder also--worrying about something happening to parents. So if a child is in class all day worried about being separated from Mom or Dad, they're not going to be able to concentrate on their schoolwork. They also oftentimes will go to the nurse with stomachaches or headaches to get picked up, and they will try to avoid school whenever they can. So, these anxiety disorders really do have significant impacts in school, and looking at this list, you know, it's easy to imagine the kinds of impacts or impairments that these disorders can cause socially or also cause at home or with or with family. Now, we've talked about school refusal and children not wanting to go to school because they're worried about social anxiety, they're worried about something bad happening to Mom or Dad, and those are really common reasons why children refuse school, but school refusal is much broader than that, and there are a number of factors that need to be looked at if your child is refusing to go to school or only goes under extreme distress, and there are a number of things in addition to anxiety. So, separation fears are something that we would need to assess. Is it because the child is afraid of bad things happening to child or to mom? Social anxiety, they're afraid they're going to have to talk to other kids or be called on in class. Some children have test anxiety, they get extremely nervous when they have to do a test, even if they know the material. Even if they're really smart and well-prepared, when they sit down to do the test, they get so anxious that they don't do well. Other children may be bored or demoralized they have learning problems, ADHD, that may make school hard for them. Bullying or teasing at school should also be something that would be looked at, and as I said, learning problems may be another issue. So if your child has a problem with school refusal or doesn't want to go to school, anxiety, is it may be that there's anxiety underlying this issue, but there may be other issues as well that need to be identified? What are some of the warning signs for problematic child anxiety? So we've gone over a number of factors, but there are a couple of more specific things to look for. When we're thinking about trying to identify anxiety, extreme shyness is certainly a marker or risk factor for social anxiety disorder. Isolation--again, if the child is afraid to be around other people because of social anxiety, they want to stay with parent, they're going to avoid doing things with friends, going on playdates, and other kinds of things like that. Avoiding social situations, extreme discomfort when the center of attention, avoiding schoolwork, not wanting to do schoolwork or doing other kinds of activities for fear of making a mistake-- this is something common in generalized anxiety, sort of, the kids are afraid of making mistakes-- children with anxiety expect bad things to happen. They worry about upsetting others, often ask questions or ask for reassurance a lot more than other kids. Perfectionism is something that we see in anxious children. Excessive worry about failure--again, this fear of making mistakes or bad things happening, and you can also see children that are nervous or tense, that they may be jittery, shaky, high-strung, unable to relax. That may also indicate that there's an anxiety problem, and then children with anxiety often lack self-confidence. Physical symptoms we've talked about--physical symptoms like trouble catching breath, stomachaches, or headaches, nausea, sweating, dizzy, faint, or lightheadedness, increased heart rate--if you're anxious, your heart's going to beat faster-- maybe harder catching your breath, you may be more likely to sweat, and we want to look at the functional role of physical complaints. So what does this mean? Well, that would be, if the child complains of these symptoms, what happens? Does something good happen? Or does something bad happen? So, children that complained of stomachaches or headaches on school mornings, or they complain about the day that they're going to have a test or have to do an oral report in class, they complained of stomachaches or headaches and they get to stay home--that serves to reinforce these headaches because the headaches or stomachaches or physical complaints will keep them from being in anxious situations, and that's a good thing to the kids, so a lot of times when children do develop these these physical symptoms as part of their anxiety, over time they may learn that the symptoms are able to get them out of doing things. So if they don't want to do something, if they're afraid to go to the soccer game or the piano recital or go to the birthday party, they complain of feeling sick, and they're allowed to stay home. That's something that's important to look out for when we're screening anxiety. If you're thinking about, "Does my child have a problem with anxiety?" there are a couple of questions that you can ask. Does your child worry or ask for reassurance from you almost every day? Does your child consistently avoid certain age-appropriate situations or activities or avoid doing these things without a parent? Does your child frequently have stomachaches, headaches, or episodes of hyperventilation? And does your child have daily repetitive rituals that we might find an obsessive-compulsive disorder? Things like a repetitive hand washing, or needing to organize or arrange things in certain ways. Now, if you can say yes to any of these questions, that doesn't mean that your child definitely has an anxiety disorder, but it means that it's something that you should watch out for, some of the other things that we've been talking about, and if so, then that may be reason to contact a mental health professional to get some advice on what to do. So we've talked about what anxiety is. I just will have a last couple minutes. I want to talk about what are some ways to manage child anxiety, what are some things that you can do to manage your child's anxiety. Well, first of all, we need to understand a little bit better about how anxiety works, and when we think about anxiety we think about anxiety being expressed in 3 different ways, we call these the 3 channels of anxiety. The first channel is thoughts, so children with anxiety tend to worry, they have negative or biased thoughts. So people with anxiety--children and adults--tend to see the world as a more dangerous place. They tend to see neutral things, or even positive things sometimes, as potentially dangerous. For example, going to a birthday party, going to Six Flags with friends--that would be fun to most kids-- but to an anxious child, they might worry about getting sick or getting hurt or getting lost at Six Flags, or they may worry about not having any friends or people making fun of them at the birthday party. So this negative or biased thought is very characteristic of anxiety. And poor concentration--if the anxiety is making them worry, they're going to have less ability to concentrate on the other things that are going on, like at school. Feelings or emotions or physical symptoms is the second channel, so physical symptoms like headaches, stomachaches, sweating, heart racing--these are another way that anxiety is expressed, physically through the child's body. And we can also add emotions here as well, so feelings of fear, worry, or feelings of fear, for example--and then behaviors. So the third channel is children with anxiety express their anxiety through a number of behaviors: avoidance-- trying to avoid things or staying home, clinging, crying, tantrum, and the like, so we want to pay attention to both the thoughts that are associated with anxiety, the physical feelings associated with anxiety, and the behaviors. And in treatment, and what you can see--I guess this slide didn't come out exactly right-- but you can see that each of these circles--thoughts, feelings, and behaviors-- they all interact with each other. So if my thoughts get worse I start thinking about anxiety or something bad happening, that's going to make my body, my heart rate start racing faster, maybe I'll get more short of breath, and that may lead me to start crying or clinging to Mom or avoiding things, and that then will lead my thoughts getting even worse and my feelings getting more pronounced and my behaviors getting more extreme, and you can see how that's going to roll into a tantrum. And as an example--here we go-- you can see this a little bit better here, the circle goes round and round and round, and the more scared I start getting in my thoughts, the more my body's going to react in becoming more extreme, in terms of heart beating, etc., which is going to lead to more anxious behaviors, and again, that goes around and it gets worse. So as an example, for a child, giving an oral report in class is going to say the kids are going to think I'm stupid, and that's going to lead to sweating and shaking and heart flushing. It may lead to avoidance or freezing, the child's up in front of the class not being able to say anything, shaking-- now they're really going to think I'm stupid, and that's going to lead these physical symptoms to get worse, and that's going to lead to even more avoidance, and the child's really paralyzed now, and it goes around and around and around and it gets worse, and worse so in treatment, what we want to do is break the connections between the thoughts, the feelings, and the behaviors. And the way we do that is through something called cognitive behavior therapy, and in children, when we're working with cognitive behavior therapy, oftentimes we will work on changing the thoughts and the feelings first by giving the children--so in terms of doing working with the feelings, we're going to teach the children how to use deep breathing, muscle relaxation strategies, stress management strategies to reduce their heart rate, to calm their bodies, and then we can work with them to generate more positive thoughts, coping thoughts, how can they cope and turn these negative thoughts into more positive thoughts, and once we have them calm, and once we have them thinking more clearly, then we can work on the avoidance behaviors by helping them give book reports or playing soccer games, etc. So, it's a very systematic type of a treatment that we're doing with these kids. The other thing that's incredibly important to know about anxiety is something we call the anxiety cycle, and what we typically see when children are anxious is--it's time to get up for school, say, for a child with separation anxiety, and the child starts worrying about something bad happening to Mom, or I have to give a book report in school, they start getting worries, and they get a stomachache, and they get upset, and they don't want to go to school, and they may tantrum, and finally Mom or Dad just says forget it, just stay home. And what happens when they stay home? The anxiety goes away because the dangerous situation is gone. What this does is serves as negative reinforcement, and what negative reinforcement is, is if I do something and it makes a bad thing go away, I'm going to do that more and more, because it's like a reward, and the bottom line is the more you give in to your child, the worse the anxiety gets. So if I let my child stay home when she's anxious about going to school, that's going to teach her that she can stay home from school by just tantruming, and every day, if she tantrums and I let her stay home, then she's learning that tantrums are really good, tantrums keep me home, tantrums keep me safe. So the more we give in to the tantrums, the more we're teaching the child to use tantrums to stay home. In a treatment, we want to break this cycle, and we want to--even if the child is upset, she still needs to go to school, or he still needs to go to school, we don't give in to the tantrums, and again, this is something hard to do on your own if your child is really having significant tantrums, but in treatment, this is what we would work on. But there are a couple things, as my last two slides-- there are a couple things that you can do to try to break these cycles, and they are as follows: reward your child's courageous behaviors--so as parents, we oftentimes tend to the things that worry us, so we pay more attention to the anxiety or to the negative behaviors than we do to the positive behaviors. We really want to catch our child being courageous and encourage our children to be courageous. We may start with little things. It may be too much for the child to go to the soccer game, but maybe we can go to the playground with the child instead. Avoid giving in to your child's fear behaviors. This is what I was just saying before. Don't give in to their attempts to avoid things they should be doing. Children need to go to school. Children need to go to piano practice and soccer practice, because the more they go, over time, again, with the appropriate, you know, coping strategies and support, then the activities should become more familiar, should be more fun for them, and their anxiety will decrease. Teach your child how to communicate, how to cope, and how to problem-solve, and you can model this, you know, "Some things make me afraid too, but I just know that I can get through it, and I want to go see, so you may assume that something bad is going to happen, but let's go see, because the chances are that nothing bad will happen." And again, for parents, the most Important thing that you can do is to control your own anxiety. It's so important because as parents-- and I'm a parent--and when our children are upset, we worry about those things, and the children see that anxiety. When they see us worrying, that makes them even more worried because now they think there's something real going on, so we want to be brave, we want to control our anxiety even if we're worried about our children. That doesn't mean we can't worry about our children. It just means we have to worry about them where the children can't see that. So we're being anxious, we're being brave, and we're encouraging and supportive of our children. It's going to be really important. That's going to be helpful in terms of treatment, and then the final thing is when you get in these situations with a tantrum, the child is trying to avoid, what can you do? Well, the important thing is you want to disengage from the tantrum at the earliest possible point. If the child's going back and forth, the worst thing you can do is get into a screaming match because the kids usually win the screaming matches, or if they don't, by the time you've escalated to the point screaming, screaming, screaming, screaming, whoever winds up here, it's going to be a pyrrhic victory because everybody's so riled up about this. So what you want to do is avoid engaging in back and forth arguing. "You're going to school," "You're going to soccer, here are your clothes, I'll be back in a minute." And try to avoid the back-and-forth. Now, when you try to disengage in this way, typically the child's behavior is going to escalate, it's going to get worse, but it's important to wait that out. You want to avoid it, maintain a calm and non-emotional reaction. If you're getting upset or angry, that's going to make the child more upset or angry. We want to be neutral, we want to just avoid punishment and stay calm, and the calmest participant in these activities is going to win. If you can keep your calm, the child will eventually give up. If you get upset, then the child is is is more likely to win. As soon as the child calms down, even for a second, even for a moment, then you can engage him or her in a different activity. The child's tantruming, you're screaming, and if they just stop and settle for a minute, you can say, "Great. Let's go get breakfast," or "Great. Let's do something else." You want to take them out of the moment and engage in something that's maybe a little bit more positive. And then you can work with them from that sense. And it's okay to include discussion of the event, to talk about what happened, but you don't want to do it in the moment. You can't do it in the moment when the child's upset. The goal is that the child needs to calm down, and then you can talk to them about the event. These are all things that are done in cognitive behavioral therapy, which is the an evidence-based treatment for anxiety. It's the most well-tested treatment for anxiety, and it really is what's recommended for children with this problem. So I'm going to stop here, and I want to thank you for your attention, and I hope this was helpful. So I see we have a couple of questions here from Twitter. The first is "Is anxiety a genetic disorder?" Well, there's been a lot of research showing that anxiety does have a genetic basis in some, but not all, cases. So we know that anxiety tends to run in families. Parents of anxious children are more likely to have anxiety, and there has been some research identification with anxiety, we're not quite there yet. But yes, anxiety does have a genetic basis, but that doesn't mean that all children that are anxious have this genetic basis. We know that genes or genetics accounts for a proportion of children with anxiety, and in terms of treating children with anxiety, it doesn't make a difference if we're using treatment, for kids, whether or not they come from an anxious family or not, so the fact that it might have a genetic basis in one child doesn't make treatment more difficult with them. It is important, though, to include parents in treatment of anxious children regardless of whether there's whether there's a genetic relationship or not because parents are so important in helping children manage anxiety, as I just said in the last couple of slides. "What are the long-term effects of child anxiety?" Well, untreated, anxiety can stay chronic for a long time, and most adults with anxiety have the onset of their anxiety at some point in childhood. So it doesn't necessarily go away by itself in all cases. In many cases, it will get better, it will resolve, but in a proportion of cases, it will stay and maintain for long periods of time, which can be significant because if you think about an adult with social anxiety disorder, again, they may not be comfortable in social situations, which may limit their ability to maximize their education to get the best possible job that they can get, and we do see there's a higher risk over time, with untreated anxiety, for the individuals to develop a depression and even use alcohol or other substances to help manage your anxiety. So there are some considerable risks. In severe cases of anxiety, a lot of children with treatment, they'll go on to lead normal lives. "Does the brain of someone who suffers from social anxiety differ from a normal brain?" Well, there have been some studies looking at different areas of the brain, I mean, social anxiety--and there are some findings from neuroimaging studies and from similar kinds of studies suggesting there are some specific parts of the brain or circuits of the brain that may be overactive in individuals with anxiety, and this is really exciting work, and we're hoping that we're going to be able to develop better treatments as a result of this. And, "What literature can I read about anxiety?" Well, there are some great places to get more information about anxiety. One place is the carescenter@ucla.edu website, where we have information on that. There are some other great books and sites, as well. If you go on Amazon, there are a number of books on anxiety that you can look at on child anxiety and about how to parent children with anxiety, so there are a lot of really great resources out there, and websites that you can find. And I think that is it. So, our time is up, and thank you very much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Oobservatory_X [3 likes]: I have anxiety issues I get anxious my heart starts beating fast whenever I talk to someone
  2. @tinat1974 [1 likes]: Thank you Sir.
  3. @jenikahorn [1 likes]: I was born with ADHD and anxienty born my entire life and when thunderstorms come its kicks in really bad and i cry
  4. @sofiyarini [1 likes]: Ur a Godsend, thx u so much for all this tips i'm going to try it.. hopefully i'll manage to do it
  5. @hellomarisolmo [1 likes]: Thank you for this. It gave me a better perspective and understanding. I also have anxiety but it has gotten SO much better after being diagnosed with ADHD and getting medicated. I spoke with my daughter's pediatrician and he suggested therapy and fish oil. I hope they can guide me . Thank you.
  6. @brightmuderhwa1646 [1 likes]: GET THE CUSTOMER
  7. @ericrodriguez4090: Great! Now I'm suffering from hearing.
  8. @latinamm7013: I teach Pre-K ESE and have a 4 year old boy whose autistic 
His mom cannot leave his sight at home such as go to the bathroom shower etc otherwise he’ll have a huge meltdown 
In my classroom, I cannot leave the classroom otherwise he will have a huge meltdown and become extremely aggressive and hurt anyone in the room.
If I sneak out the room and if he notices that I’ve left the room he’ll still have a huge meltdown. Nobody can figure out why the child reacts like that towards the mom and teacher.
  9. @Amritpalsingh-mc4kx: Struggling with anxiety has been a daily battle for me, but thanks to Planet Ayurveda's holistic approach, I've found relief. Their herbal supplements have helped me manage my symptoms without any harsh side effects.
  10. @구양현-b9h: This would be a good content that I recommend all of them prior to contact with someone whom I used to call a teacher when I was young at my 20s.
I always appreciate all of your dedication to doing your defense and military service to make our society better and safer.
  11. @Madebyjasndk: Hi, my daughter is 7 years old, and i think she is having anxiety attacks she said that her tummy hurts  her hands and gets cold she  wants to heat things and worry that she eats she will be sick
  12. @reskiverivernando7359: X :-enggak gitu0
  13. @davidleo5766: have been a victim of Anxiety disorder for the past years and all through college, thanks to #DoctorEromon on YouTube… .. I'm getting hold of my self now,
  14. @SrilathaVishantha: My son-in-law has OCD
Will that affect my grand daughter genetically who is now 6yrs old n by nature doesn't like crowd n now this academic year from the beginning says that she doesn't want to go to school
Kindly reply
  15. @kathyhayward2228: 😢 Having a hard time hearing 😊
  16. @johnglennmercury7: Add to your list of fears the hysteria forced upon kids by neurotic parents about covid, climate change, etc
  17. @deicycamarena3635: How long can anxiety last ? Even with treatment
  18. @TN-Cajun: I see early childhood separation.. but my child is 9 and just now having major separation anxiety.
  19. @iconicstar-tysmfor50subs22: I’ve had social anxiety for like my whole life I’ve even been diagnosed
  20. @alphaw1748: Excellent video

- Erasing Fears & Traumas Based on the Modern Neuroscience of Fear: Kind: captions Language: en - [Andrew Huberman] Welcome to the Huberman Lab Podcast, where we discuss science and science-based tools for everyday life. [bright music] - I'm Andrew Huberman, and I'm a professor of neurobiology and ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. Today, we're going to talk about the Neuroscience of fear. We are also going to talk about trauma and post-traumatic stress disorders. The Neuroscience of fear has a long history in biology and in the field of psychology. However, I think it's fair to say that in the last 10 years, the field of Neuroscience has shed light on not just the neural circuits, meaning the areas of the brain that control the fear response and the ways that it does it, but some important ways to extinguish fears using behavioral therapies, drug therapies, and what we call brain machine interfaces. Today, we are going to talk about all of those, and you're going to come away with both an understanding of the biology of fear and trauma, as well as many practical tools to confront fear and trauma. In fact, we are going to discuss one very recently published study in which five minutes a day of deliberate exposure to stress was shown to alleviate longstanding depressive and fear related symptoms. We will get into the details of that study and the protocol that emerges from that study a little later in the podcast. But it stands as a really important somewhat counter-intuitive example of how stress itself can be used to combat fear. To give you a sense of where we are going, I'll just lay out the framework for today's podcast. First, I'm going to teach you about the biology of fear and trauma. Literally the cells and circuits and connections in the body and chemicals in the body that give rise to the so-called fear response. And why sometimes, but not always fear can turn into trauma. I will also describe the biology of how fear is unlearned or what we call extinguished. And there too, you're going to get some serious surprises. You're going to learn for instance, that we can't just eliminate fears. We actually have to replace fears with a new positive event. And again, there are tools with which to do that, and I will teach you those tools today. Before we begin, I'd like to emphasize that this podcast is separate from my teaching and research roles at Stanford. It is however, part of my desire and effort to bring zero cost to consumer information about science and science related tools to the general public. In keeping with that theme, I'd like to thank the sponsors of today's podcast. Our first sponsor is Athletic Greens. Athletic Greens is an all-in-one vitamin mineral probiotic drink. I've been taking Athletic Greens every day since 2012. So I'm delighted that they're sponsoring the podcast. The reason I started taking Athletic Greens and the reason I still take Athletic Greens is that it covers all of my vitamin mineral and probiotic needs. Nowadays, there's a lot of data out there pointing to the fact that a healthy gut microbiome, literally little microbes that live in our gut that are good for us is important to support our immune system, our nervous system, our endocrine system, and various aspects of our immediate and long-term health. With Athletic Greens, I get all the vitamins and minerals that I need. Plus the probiotics ensure a healthy gut microbiome. It also tastes really good. I mix mine up with some water, a little bit of lemon juice. I'll have that early in the day, and sometimes a second time later in the day as well. It's compatible with intermittent fasting, it's compatible with vegan diets, with keto diets and essentially every diet that you could possibly imagine out there. It's also filled with adaptogens for recovery. It has digestive enzymes for gut health and has a number of other things that support the immune system. If you'd like to try Athletic Greens, you can go to athleticgreens.com/huberman, to claim their special offer. They'll give you five free travel packs that make it really easy to mix up Athletic Greens while you're on the road. And they'll give you a year supply of Vitamin D3 K2. There's now a lot of evidence that vitamin D3 supports a huge number of metabolic factors, immune system factors, endocrine factors. Basically we need vitamin D3. We can get it from the sun, but many people are deficient in vitamin D3 even if they are getting what they think is sufficient sunlight. And K2 is important for cardiovascular health. So again, if you go to athleticgreens.com/huberman. You can claim their special offer, the five free travel packs plus the year supply of vitamin D3 K2. Today's podcast is also brought to us by InsideTracker. InsideTracker is a personalized nutrition platform that analyzes data from your blood and DNA to help you better understand your body and help you reach your health goals. I've long been a believer in getting regular blood work done for the simple reason that many of the factors that impact your immediate and long-term health can only be analyzed from a quality blood test. And now with the advent of modern DNA tests, you can also get information about how your specific genes are impacting your immediate and long-term health. Now a problem with a lot of blood tests and DNA tests out there is you get the numbers back but you don't know what to do with those numbers. With InsideTracker, they make it very simple to figure out what to do to bring those numbers into the ranges that are right for you. They have a dashboard that's very easy to use. You can see the numbers from your blood and or DNA tests. And it will point to specific lifestyle factors, nutritional factors, as well as supplementation, maybe even prescription factors that would be right for you to bring the numbers into range that are ideal for your immediate and long-term health goals. Another feature that InsideTracker has is their inner age test. This test shows you what your biological age is and compares that to your chronological age and what you can do to improve your biological age, which of course is the important number. If you'd like to try InsideTracker, you can visit insidetracker.com/huberman to get 25% off any of InsideTracker's plans. Just use the code huberman at checkout. Today's episode is also brought to us by Helix Sleep. Helix Sleep makes mattresses and pillows that are of the absolute highest quality. I've been sleeping on a Helix mattress for close to a year now, and it's the best sleep that I've ever had. Helix has a quiz that takes about two minutes to complete and matches your body type and sleep preferences to the perfect mattress for you. Some people sleep on their side, some people sleep on their backs, some people sleep on their stomach. Some people run hot, some people run cold. Some people don't know which part of their body they sleep on. You take this test, it's very brief, two minutes. And after that test Helix we'll match you to the mattress that's ideal for you. I match to the so-called Dusk, D-U-S-K mattress, because I wanted a mattress that wasn't too firm, not too soft. And I like to sleep sort of on my stomach and kind of a crawling soldier position. That seems to be always how I wake up in the morning anyway. So if you're interested in upgrading your mattress, go to helixsleep.com/huberman, take their two minutes sleep quiz and they'll match it to a customized mattress and you'll get up to $200 off all mattress orders and you'll get two free pillows. Again, if you're interested, please go to helixsleep.com/huberman for up to $200 off and two free pillows. So what is fear? Well, fear falls into a category of nervous system phenomenon that we can reliably call an emotion. And it is hotly debated nowadays. And it's been hotly debated really for centuries what an emotion is and what an emotion isn't. Now that's not a debate that I want to get into today. I think it's fair to say that emotions include responses within our body. Quickening of heart rate, changes in blood flow, things that we experience as a warming or a cooling of our skin. But that there's also a cognitive component. There are thoughts, there are memories. There's all sorts of stuff that goes on in our mind and in our body that together we call an emotion. And there's a vast amount of interest in literature devoted to try and understand how many different emotions there are, how different people experience emotions. And that's certainly a topic that we will embrace in a future podcast episode. But today I just want to talk about fear as a response. Because when we talk about fear as a physiological response and as a cognitive response, then we can get down to some very concrete mechanisms and some very concrete and practical tools that can be used to deal with fear when fear is not wanted. So let's talk first about what fear isn't. Most people are familiar with stress, both as a concept and as an experience. Stress is a physiological response. It involves quickening of the heart rate. Typically quickening a breathing, blood flow getting shuttled to certain areas of the brain and body and not to others. It can create a hypervigilance or an awareness. Typically that awareness is narrower, literally narrower in space, like a soda straw view of the world than when we are relaxed. And it is fair to say that we cannot have fear without having several, if not all of the elements of the stress response. However, we can have stress without having fear. Likewise, people are familiar with the phrase or the word rather, anxiety. Anxiety tends to be stress about some future event, although it can mean other things as well. We can't really have fear without seeing or observing or experiencing some of the elements of anxiety, but we can have anxiety without having fear. So what you're starting to realize is that fear is built up from certain basic elements that include stress and anxiety. And then there is trauma. And trauma also requires a specific, what we will call operational definition. An operational definition is just a definition that allows us to have a conversation because we both agree on or mostly agree on what the meaning of a given word is. It makes conversations much easier. In fact, I would argue if we all had operational definitions for more things in the world, that there would be fewer misunderstandings and arguments and we'd all move a lot further as a species. But that's another topic entirely. The operational definition of trauma is that some fear took place, which of course includes stress and anxiety. And that fear somehow gets embedded or activated in our nervous system, such that it shows up at times when it's maladaptive. Meaning that fear doesn't serve us well and it gets reactivated at various times. Like when you first wake up in the morning, if you're not in the presence of something that scared you, but you suddenly have what feels like a panic attack and you're in deep fear. Well, that's post-traumatic stress. That's post-traumatic fear. So I don't want to get bogged down too much in the nomenclature but what I'm doing here is building up a sort of a series of layers where stress and anxiety form the foundation of what we're calling fear and trauma. And then there are other phrases out there that we would be remiss if we didn't mention things like phobias and panic attacks. Panic attacks are the experience of extreme fear but without any fear inducing stimulus. So it's kind of like trauma. And a phobia tends to be extreme fear of something specific. Fear of spiders, fear of heights, fear of flying, fear of dying, these kinds of things, okay? The reason for laying all that out there is not to create a word soup to confuse us rather it is to simplify the issue because now that we acknowledge that there are many different phrases to describe this thing that we call fear and unrelated phenomenon. We can start to just focus on two of these issues, fear and trauma. As it relates to specific biological processes, specific cognitive processes. And we can start to dissect how fears are formed, how fears are unformed and how new memories can come to replace previously fearful experiences. So in this effort to establish a common language around fear and trauma, I want to point out autonomic arousal. Autonomic arousal relates to this aspect of our nervous system, that we call the autonomic nervous system. Autonomic means automatic that somewhat of a misnomer, because there are aspects of your autonomic nervous system that you can control. But your autonomic nervous system controls things like digestion, urination, sexual behavior, stress. When you want to be awake, when you want to be asleep, it basically has two branches to it. Two branches, meaning two different systems. One is the so-called sympathetic autonomic nervous system. Has nothing to do with sympathy, it has everything to do with increasing alertness. Think of the sympathetic nervous system as the alertness nervous system. It's what ramps up your levels of alertness, ramps up your levels of vigilant. Think about it as the accelerator on your alertness and attention. The other branch of the autonomic nervous system is the so-called, parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system. I know that's a mouthful. The parasympathetic branch of the autonomic nervous system are the cells and neurons and chemicals and other aspects of your brain and body that are involved in the calming nervous system. So sympathetic is alerting, parasympathetic is calming. And it acts as sort of a seesaw to adjust your overall level of alertness. So for instance, right now I'm alert, but I feel pretty calm. I'm not ready to go to sleep or anything like that. I don't feel like I need a nap. I'm alert, but I'm calm. I'm not in a state of stress or panic. So that seesaw we could imagine is more or less level. Maybe it's tilted up a little bit to the side of increased sympathetic or alertness rather than parasympathetic because I feel wide awake. If I were sleepy, the opposite would be true. The parasympathetic side would be increased relative to the sympathetic side. There are many different aspects of the autonomic nervous system, but one of the main aspects is an aspect that's going to come up again and again and again today, it's very important that you understand what it is. It's called the HPA axis. The HPA axis stands for Hypothalamic-Pituitary-Adrenal Axis. The hypothalamus is a collection of neurons. It's an area of your brain real estate, that's deep in the brain at the base of the brain that contains many, many different areas that control things like temperature, and desire to have sex, desire to eat, thirst. It also controls the desire to not mate, to have sex, not to eat, not drink more water or any other type of fluid. So it has accelerators and brakes in there as well. The hypothalamus connects to the so-called pituitary, the pituitary lives close to the roof of your mouth. It releases hormones into your bloodstream. And so the hypothalamus has this ability to trigger the release or prevent the release of particular hormones like cortisol or the hormones that go stimulate ovaries to produce estrogen or testes to produce testosterone or adrenals to produce Adrenaline. And speaking of the adrenals that [indistinct] and the HPA are the adrenals. You have two glands that sit above your kidneys and your lower back. They receive signals by way of nerve cells neurons, and by way of hormones and other things released from the brain and elsewhere in the body. And they release different hormones and other types of chemicals into the body. And the two main ones that you need to know about today are Adrenaline also called Epinephrine and Cortisol. Both of those are so-called stress hormones, but they're not always involved in stress. They're also involved in waking up in the morning when you arrive... Excuse me, when you rise from sleep. And so this HPA axis, should be thought of in the following way. The HPA axis includes a piece of the brain, the hypothalamus, the pituitary, and the adrenals. So it's a beautiful three part system that can use your brain to alert or wake up your body and prepare it for action. And it can do that in the short term, by triggering the release of hormones and chemicals that make you alert and ready to go right away and by triggering the release of neurotransmitters and hormones and other chemicals that give that alertness a very long tail, a very long latency before it shuts off. And that's important because one of the hallmarks of fear and one of the hallmarks of trauma is that they involve fear responses that are long lasting. Even if those fearful events, the events in the world that trigger the HPA axis can be very brief, like a car that almost hits you as you step off the curb or something... A gunshot that goes off suddenly, and it's just a very quick, like, you know, 500 millisecond or 1 second event. The fear response can reverberate through your system because the chemicals that are involved in this HPA axis have a fast component and a longer-lasting component. And the longer-lasting component can actually change not just the connections of different areas of the brain and the way that our organs work like our heart and the way that we breathe. It actually can feed back to the brain and literally control gene expression. Which can take many days and build out new circuits and new chemicals that can embed fear in our brain and body. And that might sound very depressing but there's a reason. And there's an adaptive reason why there's the slow and fast phase of the HPA axis and the fear response. And fortunately, that gene expression and the long arc of the fear response, the way it kind of lives in our system kind of like a phantom in some ways can also be leveraged to undo the fear response, to extinguish the fear response and replace it with non fearful associations. So let's dig a little deeper into the neural circuits and biology of fear. Because in doing that, we can start to reveal the logic of how to attack fear if that's the goal. We can't have a discussion about fear without discussing the famous amygdala. Famous because I think most people by now have heard of the amygdala. Amygdala means almond. It's an almond shaped structure on both sides of the brain. So you have one on the right side of your brain, and one on the left side of your brain. The amygdala is part of what we can call the threat reflex. And this is very important to conceptualize fear as including a reflex. So much as you have reflexes that cause you to lift your foot up if you are just step on something sharp. You literally have a reflex within your spinal cord that causes you to lift up one foot and extend the other one toward the ground. Believe it or not, you always think you step on something sharp you pull your foot up. But you actually step on something sharp, you pull your foot up and in pulling it up there's another reflex that's activated that as you extend your other legs so that you don't fall over. Similarly in the process of experiencing fear, you have a reflex for particular events in your brain and body. And that reflex involves things like, quickening of your heart rate, hypervigilance, your attentional systems pop on, increased ability to access energy stores for movement and thought and so forth. But just like that step on the tack reflex example, all of the neural circuits that are associated with being calm, with being able to go to sleep, with being able to visualize the full picture of your environment, literally to see your entire environment, or to hear other things around you. All of those get shut down when the so-called threat reflex gets activated. And the amygdala is part of the threat reflect so much so that we can really say, that it's the final common pathway through which the threat reflex flows. In other words, the amygdala is essential for the threat response. But the threat reflex and the threat response is kind of a dumb response. It's not a sophisticated thing, it's very generic. And this is also a very important point. One of the beauties of the fear system is that it's very generalizable. It's not designed for you to be afraid of any one thing. Sure, there are some debates and probably some good data out there that support the fact that human babies are innately, meaning requires no learning. Innately afraid of certain things like heights, or snakes or spiders. There's debate about this. And they depends on the quality of the experiment, et cetera. But the real capacity of the fear system is that we can become afraid of anything provided that this threat system is activated in conjunction with some external experience. So the way I'd like you to think about the amygdala is not as a fear center, but that it's a critical component of the threat reflex. I'd like you to also internalize the idea that the threat reflex involves this activation of certain systems and suppression of all the systems for calming the parasympathetic system. And now I'm going to describe the way that information flows into and through this threat reflex. And in doing that, it will reveal how specific things, like a spider, like a snake, like a physical trauma, like a car accident, like a fear of public speaking, whatever happens to scare you or scare somebody, how that gets attached to this reflex. Because this reflex is very generic. It doesn't really know what to be afraid of. It only knows how to create this sensation, this internal landscape that we think of as fear. So while the amygdala might look like an almond, it's actually part of a much bigger complex or collection of neurons called the amygdaloid complex. That complex has anywhere from 12 to 14 areas depending on who's... Which neuroanatomist is naming things and carving it up in Neuroscience and in much of biology. We like to joke that there are lumpers and there are splitters. So some people like to draw boundaries between every little distinct difference and say, "Oh, that's a separate area and other people are lumpers." And they say, "Well, listen, you know why complicate things? Let's lump those together." I'm neither a lumper nor a splitter, I'm somewhere in between. I think the number 12 is a good number in terms of the number of different areas of the amygdala. Why is that important to us? Well, it turns out that the amygdala is not just a area for threat, it's an area for generating threat reflexes that integrates lots of different types of information. So for those of you that want to know, I'm going to give you some names, some nomenclature, for those of you that don't, you can tune out for this. But basically information from our memory systems, like the hippocampus and from our sensory systems, our eyes, our ears, our nose, our mouth, et cetera. So taste information, vision, auditory information, touch, et cetera. Flow into the so-called lateral portion of the amygdala. Flows into... Or the amygdaloid complex. It flows into the lateral portion. And then there are multiple outputs from the amygdala. And this is where things get particularly interesting because the outputs of the amygdala have a lot of different areas, but there are two main pathways. One involves the hypothalamus, which you heard about before this collection of neurons that control a lot of our primitive drives for sex, for food, for thirst and for warmth, et cetera. And it also feeds out to our adrenals. Those glands that you learned about a few minutes ago to create a sense of alertness and action. It also feeds out what I mean by feeds out, by the way, is there are neurons that send wires. We call those wires axons connections. Where they can release chemicals and trigger the activation of different brain areas. So it feeds out to other brain areas such as the PAG. PAG is very interesting for our discussion today. It's the periaqueductal gray. The periaqueductal gray contains neurons that can trigger freezing, can trigger the... Some people talk about the fawning response, which has kind of an appeasing response to traumatic events. But some people outright freeze in response to fear, right? We've heard of fight or flight. And indeed the pathway that I'm describing can create a sense of fight and cause people to want to lean in, in an aggressive way to combat things that they're afraid of or flight to run away. Essentially to avoid by mobilizing the thing that they feel they're threatened by. Now, even in the absence of some threat, somebody that has say a fear of public speaking might hesitate or move away from a podium or hesitate or move away from raising their hand. If raising their hand meant that they might be called on and would be public speaking. So there's fight and flight, but there's also the freeze response. And the freeze response is controlled by a number of brain centers, but the periaqueductal gray, the PAG, is central for this freeze response and neurons. They're also create what are called Endogenous opioids. Many of you have heard of the opioid crisis, which is a crisis of prescription medication given out too broadly for people that don't need it, who are become addicted to opioids. Those are Exogenous opioid. But Endogenous opioids are chemicals released from neurons in the PAG and from elsewhere in the body that give us a sense of numbing. They actually numb us against pain. And you can imagine why biology would be organized this way. A threat occurs or something that we perceive as a threat, we're afraid of it. And a natural analgesic is released into our body because there's likely to be an interaction that's very uncomfortable. That's physically uncomfortable. So it's like we have our own Endogenous release of these opioids and that's occurring in the PAG. The other area and again, sorry to litter the conversation with these names of structures, but some people seem to enjoy knowing these structures. You're fine if you just understand what the structures do. If you want to know the names that's fine. But the other structure is the locus coeruleus. The locus coeruleus creates a sense of arousal, by releasing Adrenaline, Epinephrine and Norepinephrine, or related chemical into the brain. So basically the activation of the amygdaloid complex could be from any number of different things, a memory of something fearful. An actual sensory experience of something that's fearful. And but then the fear response itself is taking part because of the threat reflex gets activated. And that threat reflex then sends a whole set of other functions into action. Freezing, activation of the adrenals, activation of locus coeruleus for arousal and alertness, activation of this endogenous pain system or anti-pain system in the PAG. That's one pathway out of the amygdala. The other pathway out of the amygdala is to a very interesting area that typically is associated with reward and even addiction. So this might come as a surprise to many of you. In fact, it came as a surprise to me. I remember when these data were published, but the amygdala complex actually projects to areas of the Dopamine system. The so-called nucleus accumbens, the mesolimbic reward pathway, for those of you that want to look that up or that remember from the Dopamine episodes. We have pathways in our brain that are associated with pursuit, motivation and reward. And the neuromodulator Dopamine is largely responsible for that feeling of craving, pursuit and reward. And this threat center is actually able to communicate with and activate the Dopamine system. And later you will realize why that is very important and why you can leverage the Dopamine system in order to wire in new memories to replace fearful ones. So I've been hitting you with a lot of names of things, but for the moment, even if you're interested in all the Neuroscience names and structures and so forth. I'd like you to just conceptualize that you have a circuit in your brain, meaning a set of cells and connections that are arranged in the following way. You have a threat reflex that can be activated at any time very easily, but what activates that threat reflex can depend on two things. One are prior memories coming from brain areas that are involved in storage of memories, or it can be immediate experiences. Things are happening in the now, okay? So were something fearful to happen right now, your threat reflux could be activated. Where you to remember something very scary that happened to you in the past? Your threat reflex could be activated. circuit has two major outputs. One of the major outputs is to areas that are involved in the threat response, freezing pain management and alertness. And the other major output is to areas involved in reward, motivation and reinforcement, okay? There's a fourth component. And I promise this is the last component that we need to put into this picture of the neural circuits for fear. And this is a circuit that involves an area of the brain called the prefrontal cortex and some of its subdivision. So literally in the front. And it's involved in what we call top-down processing. Top-down processing is the way that your prefrontal cortex and other areas of the brain can control or suppress a reflex, okay? A good example of this would be the step on the tack example that I gave before. So when you step on a tack, you immediately pull up your foot and you extend the other leg. That's the reflex that prevents you from injuring yourself and from falling over. However, if you wanted, not that you would want to. But if you wanted, you could for instance, place your foot onto a tack and decide not to pull your foot away. It would be difficult. And again, I don't recommend that you do that, but you could override that reflex, okay? There are other examples of reflexes, like for instance, getting into cold water, most people will start to huddle their body. Most people won't want to get into the cold water. Many people will jump out. But all of that is reflexive. And should you want to, you could override that reflex through top-down processing. You could tell yourself, "Oh, I heard on a previous Huberman Lab Podcast, or on an Instagram post that cold water exposure can be beneficial for metabolism and resilience, et cetera." And indeed it can, and you can decide to get into the water and to stretch out your body, not to huddle, and you can fight those reflexes, okay? The fighting of reflex is carried out through top-down processing, largely through the prefrontal cortex. You provide a narrative. You tell yourself, "I want to do this or I should do this. Or even though I don't want to, I'm going to do it anyway." So top-down processing is not just for getting into cold water, and it certainly isn't for overriding reflexes that can damage us like a stepping on the tack example. It is the way in which we can override any number of internal reflexes, including the threat reflex. And the way that we do that is by giving a new story or a new narrative to this experience that we call threat. And you know the threat response, the threat response is quickening of the heart rate, quickening of the breathing. We don't generally like the feeling of Adrenaline in our system. Some people are so-called Adrenaline junkies, and they get a mixture of Dopamine and Adrenaline from certain high intensity events. I confess in previous aspects of my life, I've tended to like Adrenaline. I don't think I was at the extreme of thrill seeking, but I'm somebody that for instance, I tend to like... I like roller coasters, I've done various things where I'm familiar with and I enjoy the sensation of Adrenaline in my body. But I enjoy it because of the alertness that it brings and the hyperacuity that it brings, many people don't feel that way. In fact, most people don't like the sensation of a lot of Adrenaline in their system. That it makes them feel very uncomfortable and out of control. We will do an entire episode about Adrenaline and Adrenaline junkies and Adrenaline aversives in the future. But the threat reflex inevitably involves the release of Adrenaline into the system. And then it becomes a question of whether or not you remain still, move forward or retreat from that Adrenaline experience. And when I say the Adrenaline experience, I mean the threat reflex. So this fourth component of fear is really our ability to attach narrative, to attach a meaning and to attach purpose to what is by all accounts and purposes, a generic response. There's no negotiating what fear feels like. There's only negotiating what it means. There's only negotiating whether or not you persist, whether or not you pause or whether or not you retreat. So this is usually the point in the podcast where I think people start asking, "Okay, well, there's the biology, there's the mechanism, there's the logic. How do I eliminate fear?" Well, it's not quite that simple. Although by understanding the logic and the mechanisms by which these circuits are built, we can eventually get to that place. I do want to plant a flag around a particular type of tool or a logical framework around a particular set of tools rather, that we are going to build out through this episode. And based on what you now know that the threat reflex gets input and it has outputs and it's subject to these top-down processing events, these narratives. You should be asking yourself, what sort of narratives should I apply to eliminate fear? Well, first let's take a step back and just acknowledged the reality, which is that fear is in some cases, an adaptive response. We don't want people eliminating fears that can get them injured or killed, right? The reason that the fear threat response and reflex exists at all is to help us from dying, to help us from making really bad decisions. It just so happens that a number of things happened to us that are not lethal, that don't harm us, but that harm us from the inside. And I think that and here I'm borrowing language from an excellent researcher who's done important work in this area at Harvard. His name is Dr. Kerry Ressler. He's both a medical doctor and a PhD, so an MD-PhD. He's the chief scientific officer at McLean Hospital. He's a professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School, and he's done extensive and important work on fear. I'm going to refer back to Dr. Ressler's work several times during this podcast, including important and super interesting work on transgenerational passage of trauma. He's a absolutely world-class biologist, absolutely world-class clinician. And Dr. Ressler has described fear before as containing a historical component. So it's not just about a readiness for things that might injure us or kill us in the immediate circumstance but also protecting us for the future because of our important need and ability to anticipate. And what he describes our memories as protective or memories as dangerous. You know, some memories, even if they evoke a sense of fear in us are protective. They protect us from making bad mistakes that could get us injured or killed, or put us into really horrible circumstances. Other memories are dangerous because they create a sense in us of discomfort, and they tend to limit our behavior in ways that are maladaptive. That prevent us from having healthy relationships to others, healthy job relationships, healthy relationship to ourselves, frankly. So this language of memories as protective or memories as dangerous in the context of fear is not something that I said, it's really something that I lifted from Dr. Ressler in one of his many impressive lectures. And it's an important aspect of fear because much of the fear system is a memory system. Is designed to embed a memory of certain previous experiences in us. Such that the threat reflex is activated in anticipation of what might happen, okay? So let's talk for a second about how certain memories get attached to this fear system. And this brings us to a beautiful and indeed Nobel Prize winning aspect of biology and physiology, which is Pavlovian conditioning. Many of you are probably familiar with Pavlov's dogs and the famous Pavlovian conditioning experiments. They go something like this. And Pavlov did these experiments and ring a bell, a dog doesn't do much in response to a bell. It might attend to it but it doesn't salivate typically in response to the bell. However, if you pair the ringing of a bell with a presentation of food enough times, the dog will salivate in response to the food. Eventually you take away the food, you just rang the bell and the dog will salivate in response to the bell, okay? So in the context of so-called Pavlovian conditioning, these things have names like conditioned stimulus, and unconditional stimulus and responses. People often get these mixed up and it can be a little confusing, but I'm just going to make it really simple for you. The unconditioned stimulus is the thing that evokes a response unconditionally. So food is the unconditioned stimulus in the example I just gave. A foot shock or a loud bang would be the unconditioned stimulus in a... For instance say, an experiment geared toward exploring fear. That unconditioned stimulus is unconditional. It unconditionally evokes a startle or in the case of food salivating. The bell in the previous example is what we call the conditioned stimulus or the conditioning stimulus. Sometimes people mix these up. The condition stimulus is paired with the thing that naturally creates a response. And then eventually the condition stimulus creates the response itself. You might think, well, that just seems endlessly boring and simple, but this is actually the way that our fear systems work. Except unlike Pavlov's dogs, you don't need many, many pairings of a bell with some unconditioned stimulus in order to get a response. You can get what's called one trial learning. And in this circuit that involves the amygdala, the threat reflex, and all this other stuff that I was talking about earlier, the system is set up for learning. It's set up to create memories and to anticipate problems. It's a very good system because it was designed to keep us safe. And so the way to think about this is that for many people, one intense experience, one burn, one bad breakup, one bad experience, public speaking. One bad experience with somebody pet snake or whatever it happens to be can cause intense fear in the moment, a long [indistinct] experience of fear, like trouble sleeping that night and the following night. Memories of the experience that are troubling, physiological responses that are troubling. Essentially it gets wired in as a fear with one trial. Which is quite different than the other forms of neuroplasticity. Neuroplasticity, of course, just being the nervous system's ability to change in response to experience. Other forms of neuroplasticity like learning a language, learning music, learning math, those take a while. We don't generally get one trial learning to positive or neutral experiences. We get one trial learning to negative experiences. So there's this asymmetry in how we're wired. So now you should understand how classical conditioning as it's called occurs. You go to give a piano recital as a kid, you sit down and you freeze up and it's horribly embarrassing. And even if you just freeze up for a few seconds, the heart rate increase and the perspiring, the sweating and the shame that you feel leads you to want to avoid playing instruments or public displays of performances for a long period of time unless you do something to overcome it. That's one trial learning. Some people, it tends to be more an accumulation of experiences. They have a bad relationship that lasts an entire summer, an entire year, or God forbid a decade. And then they have what they feel is of a general sense of fear about closeness to others, an attachment. These are common fears that people experience. Fears can be in the short-term, fears can be in the long-term, they can be in the medium term. Again, the fear system is very generic. It's wired to include memories that are very acute, that happened within a moment, or that include many, many events in long periods of time. That kind of funnel into a general sense of relationships are bad or this particular city or location is bad. So there's a key what we call temporal component. There's a component of the fear system being able to batch many events in time and create one specific fear or take one very specific isolated incident that happened very briefly and create one very large general sense of fears. And I'll give an example of the latter, just to kind of flesh this out a little bit. I had a friend come visit me in San Francisco some years ago, and their car got broken into. Unfortunately, a frequent occurrence in San Francisco even in the middle of the day. Never leave anything your car in San Francisco they'll break in, in the middle of the day, doesn't matter. Police can be having coffee right there in front of them they'll still do it, for reasons we could discuss, this is a problem. They got their belongings taken and they decided they were never coming back to San Francisco. This was an isolated incident that forever colored their view of the city. Which I frankly, understanding the fear system, I can understand. We can have isolated incidents that wick out to broad decisions about entire places, or we can have many experiences that funnel into very specific isolated fears about particular circumstances, places and things. So I like to think that by now you have a pretty good understanding of the circuits that underlie the threat reflex, the fear response, and how we have top-down control, meaning we can attach a narrative to the fear response. And that the fear response can be learned in association with particular events, okay? I haven't really talked about how the learning occurs. And so I just want to take a moment and describe that because it leads right into our discussion about how to eliminate fears, and indeed how to replace fears with more positive experiences. There's a process in our nervous system that we call neuroplasticity. Neuroplasticity broadly defined is the nervous system's ability to change But at a cellular level, that occurs through a couple of different mechanisms. One of the main mechanisms is something called long-term potentiation. Long-term potentiation involves the strengthening of particular connections between neurons. The connection sites between neurons we call synapses, actually technically synapses are the gaps between those connections. But nonetheless, synapses are the point of communication between neurons and those can be strengthened so that certain neurons can talk to other neurons more robustly than they happened to before. And anytime we talk about a particular event, the car, the snake, the public speaking, the trauma, the horrible experience, wiring into the fear system. What we're talking about is a change in synaptic strengths. We're talking about neurons that previously did not communicate well, communicating very well. It's like going from a old school dial up connection, or even an old school telephone connection or Morse code connection of communication to high speed ethernet, okay? To a 5G connection. It gets faster, it gets more robust, and it's very, very clear. That's what happens when you get long-term potentiation. And long-term potentiation involves a couple of cellular mechanisms that are going to be relevant to our discussion about treatments to undue fear. And I'll just throw out a couple of the names of some of those cellular elements right now. The main one is the so-called N-M-D-A receptor, N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor. And what this is, is this is a little docking site, like a little parking slot on a neuron. And when a neuron gets activated very strongly like from an intense event in the example of my friend, the intense event. Almost certainly activated and NMDA receptors related to their concept of protecting their property in their cars, the break into their car caused the NMDA receptor to be activated. Normally that NMDA receptor is not easily activated when it is activated it sets off a cascade, a series of signals within those neurons that change those neurons. It changes the genes they express, it shuttles more parking spots to the surface of those cells so that the communication to those cells becomes easier, it becomes faster. And so the way to think about the NMDA receptor is it's used sometimes for normal things that we do every day, making cups of coffee and things like that. But it's often used for learning. It's used for creating a new associations in our nervous system. And so the activation of the NMDA receptor and LTP, and it involves some other things that you may have heard of like, brain-derived neurotrophic factor and calcium entry, things that we can leave for a discussion for a future time. But basically a whole cascade of events happen within cells that then make just even the mere thought of something or somebody or some event that happened able to activate that threat reflex, okay? So long-term potentiation is one of the main mechanisms by which we take formerly innocuous or irrelevant events, and we make them scary. We make them traumatic. Our neurons have mechanisms to do this. Now, fortunately, the NMDA receptor and long-term potentiation can also run the whole system in reverse. a long-term depression, and that doesn't have anything to do with the depression associated with low mood. What we're talking about is a weakening of connections. You can go from having a very high speed ethernet connection between neurons, so to speak, to a connection that's more like Morse code, or as like a poor dial up connection or really weak signal. And that's what's happening when you extinguish a fear, when you unlearn a fear. So now I'd like to talk about therapies that are carried out in humans that allow fears to be undone, that allow traumas to be reversed, such that people no longer feel bad about a particular person, place or thing. Either real interactions with that person, place or thing, or imagine interactions with that person, place or thing. That process as I just mentioned also involves things like the NMDA receptor but rather than strengthening the connections the first thing that has to happen is there needs to be a weakening of connections that associate the person, place or thing with that threat reflex. Subsequent to that, we will see there needs to be a strengthening of some new experience that's positive, okay? This is a key element of where we are headed contrary to popular belief, it is not going to work to simply extinguish a fear. One needs to extinguish a fear and or trauma and replace that fearful or traumatic memory or idea or response with a positive response. And this is something that's rarely discussed both in the scientific literature, but certainly in the general discussion around fear and trauma. There's this idea that we can extinguish fears, we can rewire ourselves, we can eliminate our traumas and indeed we can. But that process has to involve not just becoming comfortable with a particular fearful event or trauma, but also attaching a new positive experience to that previously fearful or traumatic event. There are a lot of different approaches out there that are in clinical use to try and alleviate fear and trauma and indeed PTSD, post-traumatic stress disorder. It might be surprising to learn that many of those treatments such as SSRIs, the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Things like Prozac and Zoloft and similar and other antidepressants. Or things like Benzodiazepines, which are essentially like painkillers. They create elevation in certain transmitters in the brain like GABA among others. They can have a pain relieving effect. They are generally however, considered anxiolytics, they reduce anxiety and even antipsychotic drugs or Beta blockers sometimes called adrenergic blockers. Drugs that are designed to prevent the heart from beating too fast or to reduce blood pressure, to reduce some elements of the hypothalamic-pituitary axis response that we talked about earlier. Many people experienced some degree of relief from the symptoms of anxiety and fear and PTSD in taking these various compounds. Indeed, that's why they're prescribed so broadly. But you may find it interesting to note that none of those current treatments are based on the neurobiology of fear, at least not directly, right? People that take SSRIs oftentimes will experience a reduction in anxiety. It depends on the dosage and the individual of course, right? And you have to work with a doctor, a psychiatrist, to determine whether or not they're right for you in the correct dosage, if they are right for you. But that modulation of anxiety can indirectly reduce the likelihood that one will have a panic attack or experience of fear, an intense experience of fear or reliving of a trauma. But the SSRIs themselves are not plugging into some specific mechanism related to how fear comes about in the system. It's an indirect support. That's important because if the goal of modern psychiatry and the goal of modern biology is to provide mechanistic understanding that leads to treatments. We need to think about what are the sorts of treatments that tap into the very fear circuits that we described before. The fact that there are memories attached to a generic threat reflex and response. And the threat reflex and response can be linked up with the Dopamine system and can be linked up with other systems that are involved in pain, relief and anxiety and so forth. And so that brings us to which treatments are directly related to the fear circuitry and the circuitry related to trauma? And the primary one to begin with is the so-called behavioral therapies. Now, oftentimes we all wish I think from time to time that there's some specific pill that we can take or there's some machine or device that we can plug our finger into or that we can put on a headset and all of a sudden we just rewire our nervous system. Fear has gone, trauma's gone, but it doesn't work that way. And when we think of language and narrative as a tool to rewire our nervous system in comparison to those kinds of ideas about pills and machines and potions, it starts to seem a little bit weak, right? If we just think, "Oh, well, how could talking actually change the way that we respond to something?" But actually there are three forms of therapy that purely through the use of language have been shown to have very strong positive impact, meaning reduce fears and traumas. And those three are prolonged exposure therapy, cognitive processing, or CPT and cognitive behavioral therapy. And I not going to go into the entire literature around prolonged exposure, cognitive processing, But I will just illustrate the central theme that allows them to work. Now, remember that the circuit for fear, the circuit for trauma involves this generic reflex. And then there are those top-down elements coming from the forebrain. It's very clear because it's been measured that if you look at the amount of anxiety, the pure physiological anxiety response of quickening of heart rate, flushing of the skin, sometimes quaking of the hands, that the experience of fear over time when people recount or retell their trauma that the first time they do that especially when it's recounted in a lot of detail there's a tremendous anxiety response. Sometimes even as great or greater than the actual exposure to the fearful event or trauma. And obviously this is something that is done with a clinician present, because it is very traumatic to the person. They're literally reliving the trauma in full rich detail, and they are encouraged to provide full rich detail. They're often encouraged to speak in complete sentences to flush out details about how they felt in inside, to flush out details about their memories going into this traumatic or fearful event, going through it. And after really digging into all the nuance and contours of these horrible experiences. But what's remarkable is that in the second and the third and the fourth retelling of these traumatic or fearful events that anxiety response and the amount of the physiological response, I should say that the amplitude of the physiological becomes progressively diminished with each retelling. Now, some of you might be saying, "Well, duh, you know, you tell a story enough times, that eventually it wears off." Just like if you watch a movie enough times and you hear the same joke enough times eventually it doesn't have the same impact. But that [indistinct] be the case, right? You could imagine that this high amplitude anxiety response, this high amplitude activation of the sympathetic nervous system in retelling would actually create a even deeper routed fear response and trauma but that's not what happens. And every clinician I spoke to in anticipation of this episode which include clinical psychologists, psychiatrists and people who actually work on the fear system at a biological level said the exact same thing which is that, "A detailed recounting of the traumatic and fearful events is absolutely essential in order to get the positive effects of prolonged exposure, cognitive processing and cognitive behavioral therapy." Again, this has to be done with the appropriate support. This isn't something that should be taken lightly because as we've mentioned before the fear response can have a very long lasting contour to it. People can sometimes have trouble sleeping for days and days. And afterwards we'll talk about sleep in a little bit. But the point is that the retelling is important. And the idea here is to take what was a terrible and extremely troubling, meaning physiologically troubling, psychologically troubling story, and turn it into what is essentially a boring, bad story, okay? It never really becomes a good story at this point in the treatment process that we're describing. So a terrible event is a terrible event period. But there's a way in which the retelling of that event starts to uncouple the threat reflex from the narrative. And with each successive retelling in detail of these traumatic events, of these fearful events, the threat reflex is activated at a progressively lower and lower amplitude. Such that eventually it just becomes a really bad, really boring story. Now that's one part of the process of getting over a fear. It's what we call fear extinction. And we can bring ourselves back to our earlier example of Pavlovian conditioning, because many studies have been done both in animals and in humans showing that, for instance, if you pair a tone, a bell or a buzzer with a foot shock that an animal or a person will brace themselves for the foot shock. Eventually you can just give the bell or a tone and the person will experience that same freezing up or the same fight or flight or freeze response. So you conditioned that. But if you give the tone or the bell over and over, and there's no foot shock, there's no pain, and in human [indistinct] sometimes I'm with foot shocks, sometimes believe it or not with mild burn, even some studies, there is older studies you couldn't do those now, nor would you want to. But eventually what happens is the tone... The bell no longer evokes that response, okay? So you see this as a reversal of the classical conditioning and we call that reversal extinction. So the retelling of this traumatic or fearful narrative, excuse me, fearful narrative is essentially an extinction process. Now, how is this done? One can do this in a therapist office face-to-face, that's sometimes done. It's sometimes done in group type settings where people actually stand up or sit in front of a group small or large and recount in detail their traumatic experience. It's sometimes done by people writing out the experience in detail. And which one of these is the most effective? Isn't really clear. The literature points to the fact that a feeling of trust obviously between the patient and the clinician or the person and the group is essential. Some people don't have access to because of finances or other limitations to therapy of that sort. In that case, journaling in detail has been shown to be effective. Although, again, I want to caution people about reactivating traumas without consideration for the kinds of social support they might need around that reactivation. And we will talk a little bit later about some of the chemicals involved in social support and why those help extinguish fears. So the thing to embed in your mind is that recognition of the early traumatic or fearful event in detail over and over is key to forming a new non-traumatic association with that event or person. So that's part one, you need to diminish the old experience. And when I say diminish, I mean, reduce the amplitude of the physiological response. Now this is just but one approach. I'm going to talk about other approaches to eliminating fear and trauma as we go forward. But I want to emphasize that diminishing the amplitude of the physiological response is the first step. So it's like a clearing away of the association between the person, place or thing and that threat reflex. But even after that's occurred, there's an essential need to relearn a new narrative. Why is their essential need to relearn a new narrative or create a new association? Well, that has to do with that fear reflect circuitry. As you recall, there outputs two areas of the brain that are associated with Dopamine release and reinforcement. And that we now know offers the capacity for these fear circuits in these circuits that underlie trauma to be mapped onto new experiences that are of positive association. So I'm going to give a kind of basic example. It's a kind of a silly example, but I'm giving it as a template for what could be any number of other different examples. Example I'll give is let's say a kid is biking to play soccer, soccer practice, and they get into a bad car accident, okay? Terrible thing to happen, but they survive. They recover. And somehow... And we really don't know why certain fear memories get wired in more broadly or more narrowly. Somehow this kid just doesn't even want to bicycle anymore. And they actually don't even want to play sports. And they actually just don't want to go anywhere. They're kind of isolating and not interacting with friends very much at all. It's a pretty broad response. It didn't have to be that way. Some kids would just decide they don't want to cycle any more down that particular street. Well, the process of retelling the narrative to a clinician would allow an extinction of the fear response, right? So a reduction in the heart rate, a reduction in the narrowing of focus, a reduction in all the things that we consider fear. But a really good cognitive behavioral therapist or somebody that understands the Neuroscience of fear and trauma would understand that that's not sufficient. That's what it's really important is that this child, this hypothetical child relearn a new narrative that they don't just manage to bike to soccer practice or manage to spend time with friends, but that they actually start wiring in new positive associations with biking to practice, with playing soccer, with social events. And, and this is the somewhat surprising feature of this and that they link that back to that early traumatic experience. That it's not just that they're replacing that bad experience and memory with a good experience and memory, but they're actually holding in mind in these top-down narrative circuits, if you will. They're holding in mind, "Ah, I'm not just biking to soccer practice. I'm actually biking to soccer practice and I'm enjoying it despite the fact that I was in a bad car accident. Despite the fact that two months ago or two years ago, or maybe even 10 years ago, I couldn't even leave my room or I didn't want to associate with anybody." So the building up of the positive associations are key. And the linking of those positive associations with the earlier traumatic event is key for the following reason, the top-down circuitry from the prefrontal cortex to this threat reflex circuit is not like the other connections in that circuit. The other connections in that circuit are what we call glutamatergic and excitatory. They are all about activating other neurons, like a chain reaction. One neuron activates, the next activates, the next like dominoes falling. These top-down circuits that feed into the threat reflex and all its parts is what we call inhibitory. It tends to prevent activation of those given circuitries. of the threat reflex. So it's acting as a break. And so when we think of positive experiences being associated with what was previously a negative experience, we're not talking about forgetting that the car accident was horrible or forgetting that the assault was absolutely dreadful. We're talking about attaching a new positive memory to the circuitry so that the previous fear response is far less likely to occur and that it remains extinguished. So just to make sure this is absolutely clear, there's a first step which involves retelling and reliving in order to extinguish the fear and the trauma, to reduce the amplitude of the response. Then there's a need to replace or attach positive experiences to the earlier what would be traumatic response. The extinction has to go first, this is key. You can't simply say, "Oh, you know, the car accident was actually a good thing because I stayed home a lot that year and I got to study." You can tell yourself that and that could also be true. But that won't necessarily and probably won't eliminate the fear or the traumatic association of the car accident. And again, I'm using car accidents as a general example or a generic example here, okay? So there's a three-part process. One diminished the old experience through repetitive narrative. And almost inevitably the initial repetition of that is going to be very high amplitude and quite troubling. But over time it will reduce, right? You're turning that terrible really upsetting story into a terrible boring story. That's the extinction process. Then there's a relearning of a new narrative that includes some sort of sense of reward. And that sense of reward has to be tacked back on to the traumatic event or what was previously a traumatic event. And that is all through narrative. It's all through cognition. And I think this is a very important point. Oftentimes I think we tend to undervalue the importance of rationalization and of story and of narrative. But the prefrontal cortex is this amazing capacity of our brain real estate to create meaning, to attach meaning and purpose to things that otherwise are just reflexive. And in the example of an ice bath, it might be a little trivial. In the example of the kid with a car accident, it becomes a little more relevant. And in the example of things like people surviving, you know, genocide or attaching stories of great victory to what were previously thought of as stories of great loss of time, of people, of any number of things. That process of narrative is one of the major ways that the human brain rewires itself. Narrative should not be undervalued as a tool for relieving fear and trauma. In fact, narrative is one of the best and most potent ways that we can rewire our fear circuitry. And that indeed we can form completely new relationships to things over time. So basically narratives should not be undervalued as a tool to rewire our nervous system but it has to be engaged in the correct sequence. And that correct sequence is first extinction, then relearning a new narrative with positive associations and attaching those positive associations to the formerly traumatic or fearful event. Now I mentioned prolonged exposure therapy, cognitive processing, and cognitive behavioral therapy. For those of you that are seeking relief from fear and traumatic events, you can look up licensed clinicians that can carry out those one or several of those types of therapies. I get a lot of questions about other forms of therapy. One of the ones that comes up a lot is so-called EMDR, Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing developed by Francine Shapiro in the 80s. Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing involves moving the eyes side to side while recounting a traumatic or fearful narrative typically with a clinician present. Why would that work? Well, basically when I first heard about EMDR from my stance as a vision scientist I thought the whole thing was kind of crazy and half-baked frankly. I heard these theories that, "Oh, it recreates the eye movements in rapid eye movement sleep or REM sleep." And that's completely false. It does not. I heard the argument EMDR activates both sides of the brain, which I guess hypothetically was thought to be important somehow. And frankly, there's no evidence whatsoever that EMDR activates both sides of the brain in a way that's beneficial. I mean, by looking from side to side, just because of the way that binocular vision circuits are organized it will do that. But it never made any sense to me why EMDR would work until several years ago when I saw. Because I reviewed no fewer than five papers. Some in animal models, others in humans looking at lateral eye movements. Meaning I moving from side to side with eyes open, not eyes up or down. And what was observed in these experiments in all of them actually, all five of those papers was a dramatic reduction in the activation and actually an inhibition a suppression of the fear or threat reflect circuitry which was a jaw dropper for me. I thought, "Wow, it actually was a jaw dropper." I widened that. For me, I thought, "Oh my goodness, maybe this EMDR stuff works according to some mechanism. And maybe this is the mechanism." And indeed many laboratories, not mine, but many laboratories are now pursuing that idea. And it's looking very likely. Why would that happen? Well, just very briefly, a lateralized eye movements of the sort that I'm describing and I'm moving my hand like this but I'll just do it with my eyes even though it's a little embarrassing to do that. Cause I know it looks strange, I don't mind cause I'm doing EMDR and EMDR reduces activation of the amygdala and related circuitries which reduces anxiety and reduces the amplitude Reduces sympathetic autonomic arousal. In other words, we feel calmer or we feel less alert, less stressed when moving our eyes from side to side. I just heard a story about this is that these are the sorts of eye movements that we do when we are ambulating, moving through space, through some sort of self-generated motion. And one can make up a pretty reasonable story in the evolutionary context or ecological context that forward movement and fear are generally incompatible with one another. That generally a fear response involves a freezing or a retreating. Some people will advance, but that's usually a trained advance in response to fear so first responders and so forth. Most people freeze or retreat when they're afraid. Forward movement generates these eye movements. It does seem to suppress activation of this threat reflex and the amygdala in particular. So for the many EMDR practitioners out there these papers I think are a great celebration. And I think there is now increasing excitement about EMDR in the psychiatric and psychological community for its utility, for treating fear, trauma and PTSD. However, I should point out that in discussing EMDR with various colleagues of mine at Stanford and elsewhere, I was told that EMDR has been shown to be beneficial in particular for single event type traumas or fearful experiences. Not so much for relieving the trauma or feelings of fear associated. For instance, with an entire bad marriage or an entire childhood. But more for single more acute events that can be described within a very kind of brief narrative. Brief, not necessarily in time, but that the car accident, the bad interaction with another individual, the assault, God forbid, these sorts of things. And I realize we're down in the weeds of topics that are unpleasant. And so I have great sensitivity to that but I think it's also important that we be realistic about the kinds of things that traumatize people. So is EMDR useful? Well, it seems like it works for these single event or kind of constrained event type traumas that people can describe while moving their eyes from side to side generally in the presence of a clinician. However, if we think back to the model of how you extinguish and then replace a trauma or fear, remember you have to diminish the old experience the amplitude of that. You need to... That's the extinguish portion. Then you need to relearn a new narrative and attach reward to the old traumatic event. EMDR only really taps into the extinction of the physiological response to the old experience. I'm sure that there are EMDR practitioners out there that are thinking about the attaching of the new narrative and reward, but there I've heard less and I've seen fewer peer-reviewed papers on that. So let's think about this logically. Let's say, and indeed it's the case that I'm sitting down in a chair and moving eyes side to side deliberately for some period of time reduces activation of the threat reflex. I or the patient in this case, recites or repeats over and over the traumatic event or the fearful event. I'm doing that in the presence of a lower amplitude response. Remember back to where we talked about how the retelling works best if the first time it's done there's a huge amplitude response. And then with each successive repeat that response the threat response gets lower and lower. With EMDR, you're sort of short circuiting you're kind of sneaking around the corner of that high amplitude response. And so it's taking a somewhat different approach of trying to extinguish the bad feelings in body and mind associated with an experience by reducing the physiological response. So it's somewhat different. And at least to my knowledge and EMDR practitioners please correct me, but at least to my knowledge, there isn't an active component to EMDR of relearning a new narrative and attaching reward. Now reward and attaching reward requires a somewhat high amplitude sympathetic arousal. It requires a feeling of a victory which is arousal, okay? It's positive arousal, not negative arousal, but it is arousal. So I'm not focusing on this to try and diminish the potential impact of EMDR. I know many people have achieved great relief from EMDR but it doesn't tap into all the aspects of the extinction and relearning that we talked about previously. And therefore, I think on its own at least in many cases is unlikely to be a complete therapy for fear and trauma. If there are people out there who've had terrific results with the EMDR, please let us know in the comment section, on YouTube would be the ideal place. If you've had bad experiences with EMDR or it didn't work for you also let us know. I think that EMDR practitioners like most practitioners in the psychiatric and psychological space are eager to expand their practices in order to make them more effective rather than clinging ardently to something that perhaps is incomplete or that doesn't work for certain individuals. So I think they would appreciate that feedback as would I. So, as I mentioned before, most of these therapies are done in conjunction with a skilled often one would hope credentialed clinician. There are many people however, that don't have access to that or who are working through stuff. They have things in their past that are very uncomfortable to them. And I'm aware that many people are working through those things. Through journaling, through talking to a friend, through any number of different sort of non-traditional approaches. One thing that really pertains to everybody who's working through fear and trauma of any kind is the importance of social connection as it relates to the chemical systems and the neural circuits associated with fear and trauma. And this is a emerging literature in Neuroscience that is really a beautiful one because it's a very conserved biology. We see it, believe it or not in flies and fruit flies, a commonly used model system. In mice and indeed in humans as well. And this is the work of David Anderson's group at Caltech, again, of Dr. Ressler's group at Harvard Medical and elsewhere, of course. And this is the work as it relates to Tachykinin. Tachykinin is a very interesting molecule in our brain and it turns out the Tachykinin is activated in neurons of what's called the central amygdala and some nearby structures. So really smack dab within the middle of this threat reflex. Very soon after some traumatic or fear inducing event occurs. And it actually sets in motion a number of other things including changes in gene expression and potentiation meaning long-term potentiation, activation of an NMDA receptors and so on. In the circuits that reinforce that fearful or traumatic experience. Now what's interesting about Tachykinin is also that it's been shown to lead to low to moderate levels of anxiety and even kind of aggression, irritability. Tachykinin levels are further increased by social isolation. And that social isolation is oftentimes what can exacerbate pre-existing traumas or fearful events. And in a kind of beautiful symmetry to that kind of dark and depressing story, social connection with people that we trust. And it doesn't have to be direct physical contact but just social connection conversing with, sharing a meal with, it could be physical touch if that's appropriate. Those sorts of connections actually serve to reduce the effectiveness or even the levels of Tachykinin. So the important point here is that trauma is traumatic in and of itself. Fearful events are hard in and of themselves. And if people are working through them either through clinical work or through individual work. It is important and in ideally one would still be trying to access social connection outside of that specific work-related to the trauma. Now it doesn't necessarily have to be outside of that. For instance, if you have a good relationship with a clinician or therapist to the point where there's real trust and you feel a social connection with them, wonderful. But for many people, they have a more transactional relationship to the EMDR practitioner or to their therapist, or they're working through things on their own. And it's really important to understand that regular social connection, trusting social connection of any kind is going to be very beneficial for that process. And so this is not the kind of just hand-wavy, a new agey stuff like, "Oh, you know you need social connection." There's a actual neurochemical basis for social isolation that has an amplifying effect on fear and trauma. And there is a neurochemical basis for the relief from fear and trauma and isolation. And in the ideal circumstance, one is working through these traumas and fears very intensely in a very dedicated way. But then is also engaging in the sorts of social interactions that are going to diminish the amount of Tachykinin and going to suppress those very circuits that would otherwise be amplified. So next I'd like to talk about some really interesting and almost kind of eerie scientific findings. And that's the transgenerational passage of trauma or predisposition to fear and trauma. This is a scientific literature that's been debated many times over the last really 50 plus years. But in more recent studies have really proven that we as humans have the capacity to inherit a predisposition to trauma or fear. Now that doesn't necessarily mean that we will become traumatized or experience extreme fear just because our parents or grandparents experienced that. It's a predisposition, it's a bias. Let me explain the papers that focus on this for a little bit. And then we'll talk about what this means for each of us. One of the most important papers in this area comes to us from someone I mentioned earlier, Dr. Kerry Ressler at Harvard. And the title of the paper is, Association of FKBP5 polymorphisms and childhood abuse with risk of posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms in adults. And there are other papers as well. Another one from the Ressler's Lab, first author, Brian Dias, D-I-A-S. Parental olfactory experience influences behavior and neural structure in subsequent generations. I'm going to summarize these papers and their general contour and papers related to them. Although, feel free to look up the papers I just described. We will provide a link to them in the caption if you'd like to go further. But basically these explorations involve looking at the histories of human individuals who had trauma or abuse of some kind in their childhood. And then looking at the likelihood of fear and PTSD type symptomology in their offspring. And essentially what they identified is that indeed, if you had a parent and there does seem to be a kind of a bias toward an effect where if the father had abuse and it's severe abuse or moderate abuse. That abuse causes a change in his genetics, in his sperm that can be passed on to offspring such that the offspring have a lower threshold to develop trauma or extreme fear to certain types of events. Now what's important to point out is that predisposition or bias is not necessarily to the same sorts of events. It's not that the abuse itself gets passed from one generation to the next it's a predisposition. And the title of that paper mentioned, FKB5, excuse me, FKBP5 polymorphisms. And the FKBP5 polymorphisms maps to a location in the genome that's associated with the so-called glucocorticoid system with cortisol release. So the predisposition that one might inherit from having a parent father or mother but stronger tendency to inherit it from the father. Who experienced abuse is one in which the glucocorticoid system, the cortisol system, and that HPA axis that we talked about before the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis is sensitized or reactive in a way that sets a lower threshold to become traumatized or very afraid of certain types of events. But it's not unique to the specific type of abuse that the parent experienced. Now, this is really, really important because a lot of times out there I will hear that there's passage or transgenerational passage of actual trauma, the specific trauma. Now that could be through narrative telling, if somebody is exposed to a lot of narrative about their parents' trauma in one form or another. It may be that they start to internalize some of that trauma. And there could be because we obviously can't rule it out. There could be some other signatures of prior specific traumas they get passed on to offspring. But more likely and certainly what these data about these polymorphisms point to is that what gets passed on is a propensity for the threat reflex to get activated and attached to a wider variety or to less intense types of inputs and experiences. And the important point to take away from this is that it's not some magical, mysterious, and mystical thing that's being transplanted from parent to child. It's a gene or it's a modification in a set of genes that gives a heightened level of responsivity to fearful type events. Or even a high level of responsivity such that things that wouldn't be fear inducing or trauma inducing to certain individuals can trigger fear and trauma in these children that inherit this particular gene. mean that they are faded to forever be traumatized or live in fear. It's simply not the case. It's just a genetic predisposition regardless of whether or not you had a parent or parents that were traumatized or not. There's no evidence, at least as far as I'm aware that the treatments for trauma should be any different. As far as I know there aren't gene therapies currently aimed at these particular variants, like FKBP5 and so forth that could reverse those particular genetic underpinnings of the trauma predisposition. So this transgenerational passage of trauma, I think is extremely interesting in large part because it brings us back to this idea that the threat reflux is part of a larger sensory system. You know, normally we think of seeing as a sensory system or hearing as a sensory system. But the threat detection and threat learning system, the fear learning system is in many ways a sensory system. It's just a sensory system that is very generic in its response. That generic response again is good because it allows for flexibility but it's bad because it reduces specificity, right? We can essentially become fearful or traumatized by anything if the circuit gets activated. And these particular children inherit a predisposition for more things and less intense things to traumatize them. In a few minutes, we are going to discuss some of the behavioral treatments including some really new exciting protocols for dealing with fear and trauma. But for a few minutes, I'd like to discuss some of the drug treatments that are starting to emerge as potential therapeutics in particular for PTSD. The two drug treatments I'd like to focus on are Ketamine-Assisted Psychotherapy, and MDMA-Assisted Psychotherapy. Currently Ketamine-Assisted Psychotherapy is legal. It is approved, provided it is prescribed by a board certified physician in the United States. I'm not certain about other areas of the world. MDMA also sometimes called Ecstasy therapy is in clinical trials in the U S, it is still an illegal drug to possess or to sell. So I want to be very clear about that. However, MDMA is being explored as a potential therapeutic for PTSD and other forms of trauma. And of course, Ketamine and MDMA are also both being explored for chronic depression, eating disorders and a number of other psychiatric disorders. But for the moment I would just like to touch on Ketamine and MDMA as they relate to the fear circuitry and trauma circuitry that we've described in the early part of the episode and throughout the episode. Because I think that in viewing them through that lens, we can gain some additional insight into how they might be providing the sorts of relief that some of the early clinical studies are starting to point to. Ketamine is a dissociative anesthetic. That's right. It's a dissociative anesthetic. It's main function is to create a state of dissociation. And I've never taken ketamine personally so I can't describe the experience of it. But a colleague of mine in psychiatry shared their experience with a patient's experience of it as making that patient feel as if, "They were getting out of the cockpit of a plane, but that they were observing themselves doing it." And this was of course, during a approved therapeutic session that they were doing this and they were in some sort of intense visualization about a traumatic experience. They were describing some of their depressive symptoms as well as the trauma. And their narrative that they basically created or took away from this. And that was relayed to me was one in which the patient felt like they were in their own body but they were also viewing their own body from the outside. So dissociative, in other words. Again, I've never had this experience. Some of you may have with Ketamine or through other means. But we might want to just take a moment and think about what Ketamine actually does and what dissociation actually does at the level of neurocircuits? And for that, we can look to this really beautiful paper that was published by my colleagues, Karl Deisseroth in psychiatry, Robert Malenka, also in psychiatry, Liqun Luo, also at Stanford. They paired up or teamed up rather to explore how systemic Ketamine adjust circuitries in the brain. And what they discovered was that it changes the rhythm of cortical activity in certain layers of the cortex. The cortex is like a layered sandwich. The cortex of course, being the outside of the brain. And there was a particular rhythm a one to three hertz rhythm. One to three hertz just means a particular frequency of electrical activity. In this case, in these layer 5 neurons of Retrosplenial cortex. So you don't need to know much about Retrosplenial cortex or a one to three hertz rhythms. I think the important thing to just take away from this is that there is now starting to be an understanding of how drugs like Ketamine work to create this subjective experience that this patient and other patients describe as dissociation. You know, dissociation in its essence is really about not feeling what's happening. It's about viewing what's happening from a different perspective than what normally one would view that experience from. And so if we add a plug that general notion of dissociation and Ketamine induced association into the circuit that we talked about before, where we have this threat reflex involving the amygdala. These outputs for freezing or for reward and the accumbens. And we've got this prefrontal narrative coming down as top-down processing. It brings us right to that prefrontal cortical input to the threat system and that narrative. What seems to be the case in my review of the paper I just described, plus a review on how Ketamine-assisted trauma relief might work is that it somehow allows the patient, the individual to recount their trauma while feeling either none or a very different set of emotional experiences that they experienced in the actual trauma or fearful experience. So it's a remapping of new onto old. New meaning new feelings onto old feelings while staying in the exact same narrative. So it's a little bit like EMDR of suppressing the threat reflex but it seems to bring in a replacement of previous emotional experiences and sensations in the body with new ones. And so in that way we can sort of view or we can try and view Ketamine-Assisted Psychotherapy for the treatment of trauma as bringing together the three elements that we talked about before. You want to diminish the intensity, the potency of the old original trauma experience or fear experience. So that seems to be accomplished through this dissociation and maybe through the kind of anesthetic component. So it's a reduction in pain in the body, a dissociation, a kind of observing of the self that leads to the extinction of the trauma and the fear. But then there also seems to be an automatic or kind of built in a relearning of a new narrative, a new set of experiences which is the next step that we described earlier. So it's an intriguing therapy. It's one that's really catching on and there are many, many clinics around the U S that are now doing it. Whether or not it turns out to be the ultimate treatment for trauma and for fear isn't clear. My colleagues in psychiatry tell me that that's unlikely, although it does seem to be beneficial for a number of people. Especially people that are experiencing trauma or have existing traumas and fear that are coupled with depressive symptoms. Because the data on Ketamine and depression seems to be quite strong. So now let's talk about MDMA. MDMA also sometimes called Ecstasy or Molly in its recreational form is a powerful synthetic drug that at least as far as we know, creates a state in the brain and body that is unlike any other chemical state in the brain and body that's normally experienced. What do I mean by that? Well, we have several Neuromodulator systems in our body. Neuromodulators are chemicals that change the likelihood that certain neural circuits will be active. Meaning they can make it very likely that certain circuits will be active and make it very unlikely that other neural circuits will be active. Good examples of neuromodulators are dopamine, serotonin, acetylcholine, norepinephrine. These tend to work on different systems in the brain and body but they tend to be activated more or less in parallel, right? You can have Dopamine released in your brain and also Norepinephrine. You can have Serotonin and also Acetylcholine. So it's not an all or none kind of thing, but the degrees to which these things are activated tends to vary. And there is a little bit of a seesaw type phenomenon with Dopamine and Serotonin. Dopamine most commonly associated with activating neurocircuits related to motivation, craving, and reward. And Serotonin more typically activated in response to situations or conditions in which we are very happy and content with what we have. So Dopamine is more about pursuing and seeking. Serotonin is more about kind of pleasure and satisfaction with resources that we have in our immediate sphere. They don't tend to... Serotonin doesn't tend to place the brain and body into a mode of action quite as much as Dopamine does, more or less. MDMA is a unique compound in that it leads to very large increases in the amount of both Dopamine and Serotonin in the brain and body simultaneously. And that's a unique circumstance that is just simply not seen under normal conditions. From a subjective standpoint, people under the influence of MDMA in the therapeutic setting, tend to report immense feelings of connection or resonance with people or even things with music, with objects. Certainly if it's being done in conjunction with a family member or a partner or with a therapist, they will feel extremely connected to that person. They'll feel a very close understanding and association. Oftentimes that goes beyond words. There is a chemical reason for that. It turns out that MDMA causes massive release of oxytocin. This neuropeptide that's associated with pair bonding and with bonding generally. The oxytocin system and the Serotonin system are closely linked to one another in the brain and body. And they tend to be co-released often at the same times and by the same sorts of events. So MDMA is one mechanism by which oxytocin is released in these massive amounts. And I should just relay some of the levels of oxytocin because they're really quite striking, gives a kind of a more vivid picture of why it is the MDMA would make people feel so associated in a positive way with the various things that are happening them while they're under the influence of the drug. So the paper related to this that I'd like to highlight is in the journal Psychoneuroendocrinology. The title of the paper is Plasma oxytocin concentrations following MDMA or intranasal oxytocin in humans. And just remarkably MDMA increased plasma oxytocin levels to 83.7, this is an average, 83.7 picograms per milliliter. About 90 to 120 minutes into the MDMA session compared to a typical level of 18.6. So this is a massive increase in oxytocin. And I think that massive increase in oxytocin is part of the reason why people have these feelings of close resonance and association. Now, the Dopamine increases are generally what lead to the feelings of euphoria inside of the MDMA session. And then the Serotonin increases it is thought are what lead to the feelings of safety and comfort. So again, a very unusual chemical cocktail that would never be seen at least not at this amplitude under any normal conditions outside of an MDMA clinical psychotherapeutic session. Why would this state of mind and body be potentially useful for the treatment of trauma? Well, indeed it is revealing itself to be useful for the treatment of trauma. Again, these are legal clinical trials where people are doing this and discovering this. What it seems to allow is a very fast relearning or new associations to be tacked on to the previously traumatic experience. So again, it brings us back to the same model of how people extinguish fears and traumas and replace them with new experiences when there is no drug treatment involved. There needs to be a diminishing of the old experience, meaning an extinction and then a relearning of a new narrative. What the chemical [indistinct] of MDMA seems to be doing is creating an opportunity for all that to happen very fast without the need for many repetitions of the original trauma and reliving of the original trauma. Probably because the reliving of it inside of one of these MDMA sessions is very acute, very intense, plus it seems to be offering the opportunity to extinguish and rewrite in or write in a new narrative associated with that trauma very quickly as well. So what this means is that treatments like MDMA that are under investigation in these clinical trials are unlikely to be magic potions, if you will, that allow access to a particular process that would otherwise not be accessible. It's more that the typical process of trauma and fear reduction that's carried out in things like prolonged exposure, cognitive processing, cognitive behavioral therapy seems to be compacted into a much shorter session. And that session is performed at a much higher intensity. Higher intensity because the chemical [indistinct] of the brain is completely different. I mean, the experience of MDMA is one in which people have a very heightened sense of euphoria, very heightened sense of connection. So those positive experiences are essentially primed to be written in and over the traumatic experience and because of the high levels of Serotonin in the system and probably oxytocin as well, there's a safety that's written into the situation that allows people to lean into perhaps narratives or components of narratives that they would otherwise be holding back from. So these are powerful compounds, and I think the future of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for a trauma in particular is holding great promise. As of now, meaning at the time of the recording of this podcast. Again, I want to reiterate that these are clinical trials are being done legally. These drugs are still illegal to possess or sell outside of clinical trials. Doing this sort of thing is punishable. But it does seem that the FDA and some of the related bodies that control these sorts of things are eyes open to this stuff. And I think it's very likely in the next few years, things like MDMA and certainly Ketamine has already in widespread use within the psychiatric community. And I think we're going to be seeing a lot more of that. One thing we have not touched on yet is how do you know if you're traumatized? How do you know if you have chronic fear or a debilitating fear? You know, much of the psychiatric community focuses on how many other problems people might have. Trouble sleeping, trouble eating, trouble maintaining quality work, or schoolwork and so forth. And all of those are certainly very valid criteria and necessary criteria for determining whether or not somebody meets a clinical diagnosis or not. But there's a biological component that I think we can all assess for ourselves. And that's one of interoceptive versus exteroception balance. And that sounds confusing, but it's actually really easy to understand. We can focus our perception on the external world, events going on around us, beyond the confines of our skin or within the confines of our skin. A focus and a perception on the external world is what's called exteroception and a focus on what's happening inside us is interoception. And we have the capacity to build mental appraisal into that, right? I can for instance, stop for a moment and assess how my stomach feels, how hungry I feel, how quick my heart is beating. Some people by the way are much better at sensing whether or not their heart is beating at a particular rate and others, not so much. Some people can actually count their heartbeats without having to take their pulse by placing pressure on their wrist or their neck. Some people can't. In other words, some people have very high interoceptive awareness and other people less so. This whole business of fear and trauma relates to taking external experiences and funneling those experiences into this thing that I'm calling a threat reflux or the fear circuitry. A recent paper published in the journal Science. So absolutely spectacular journal, science, nature and cell being the apex journals of scientific publishing. Gets at this issue of where in our mind and how do we assess whether or not what we are feeling internally is reasonable given what's going on externally. And it's a really fascinating study. I'm just going to highlight a little bit of it for you and then I'll touch on some of the relevant aspects and how that can be adopted into a practice to assess and reduce fear and anxiety. The title of this paper published just a few weeks ago in Science is, Fear balance is maintained by bodily feedback to the insular cortex in mice. We've not talked too much about the insular, also called the insular cortex. This is a brain area that my lab has worked on and other labs have worked on. It's a brain area that has within it a map of our internal interoceptive landscape. It's a map of our internal bodily sensations. And it's a really interesting structure. So the way this study was carried out is that subjects were taught or conditioned to a particular danger signal through repeated presentation of a sound with a foot shock. So there's a sound and there's a foot shock. And as you know, from our earlier discussion about Pavlovian learning, conditions stimulate, an unconditioned stimulate. Eventually the sound alone comes to evoke the fear response. And that's just classic, classical conditioning. The insular is this brain area that's associated with determining whether or not one's internal sensations, gut, heart, lungs, et cetera, are reasonable or not given the external circumstances. It can even measure or is associated with our understanding of what are called arterial baroreceptors. These are blood pressure sensors. So believe or not, when you know your pulse rate increases or you feel like you're stressed out, your arterial baroreceptors are sending a signal to your insular cortex and your insular cortex is saying, wow, like I'm really stressed out, my blood pressure is up, right? You don't actually have to measure your blood pressure with a cuff, your insular is doing it for you. It's not getting a quantitative readout, but it's getting a qualitative readout. The main effect of inhibiting or reducing the activity of the insular was that the intensity of an outside world experience led to a range of different internal effects. In other words, for most people a mild shock would induce a mild increase in heart rate, a mild increase in blood pressure. Whereas an intense shock to the skin would lead to a big increase in heart rate and a big increase in blood pressure. Turns out the insular is important for establishing that match of intensity. And when the insular is inhibited, what ends up happening is that a mild shock can create a big increase in blood pressure. And that can be maintained such that anything that's paired with that shock like a bell, or a tone would lead to a big increase in blood pressure. You've probably seen examples of this in the real world. Maybe this is even you. Some people are very jumpy in response to just even small changes in their environment. So if somebody is working and you walk in and you say, "Hello." And they'll go, they're jumpy. They have a low threshold to a big anxiety or fear response. Other people are really calm. I recall my bulldog, unfortunately passed away, but before he passed away, if you walked in the room and he said, "Hey, Costello." He might turn his eyes in your direction. He had a very high threshold to respond. He was pretty low anxiety animal. A lot of people are like that. You'd come up behind someone you say, "Hello." And they just turn around real slow, or they might just turn around at normal speeds and say, "Hello." Whereas other people jump out of their seat. The insular seems to be involved in calibrating how big or how high amplitude a given physiological response is. So it's pairing the internal landscape with the external world. And this might seem like just a mechanistic, but non-actionable point. But what you'll see from the next study that I'm going to describe is that recalibrating the relationship between outside events and internal responses, which is the job of the insular is actually something that's under our control. And through a very simple, very short protocol, we can actually recalibrate that system so much so that we can potentially reduce the amount of fear and trauma that we experience, in response to a memory or to a real event. And the entire process can occur very quickly. So I'm really excited to tell you about this next study for a number of reasons. First of all, it's extremely recent. Second of all, it's very well grounded in our current understanding of the mechanisms of stress, trauma and PTSD and unlearning of stress, trauma and PTSD. And third, it points to a actionable protocol that while certainly is not the only approach that I think people could or should take for fear, trauma and PTSD. Is one that I think we are going to see implemented into the clinical setting very soon if it's not happening already. Now, there's a fourth reason I'm very interested in it, which is that my lab works on stress, stress-relief and tools for managing sleep and improving focus, et cetera. And one of the hallmarks of the studies we've been doing lately is very brief five minute a day interventions of the sort that was used in this particular study. Although I should emphasize, I had nothing to do with this particular study. Now this particular study was carried out in an animal model in mice. The work in my laboratory focuses on human subjects. But the similarities of the stress system at least at the level that it was explored in this study I think have great relevance maybe even direct relevance to humans. So the title of this study is, Repeated exposure with short-term behavioral stress resolves pre-existing stress-induced depressive-like behavior in mice. Again, this study was in mice. And basically what they did is they stressed out mice, got them depressed, and you actually can do that in a mouse using a restraint protocol. And that's a long lasting restraint protocol, a 15 minutes or more. Mice Don't like it, you do it often enough. They stop working so hard in their life, in their mouse life to gain food, to gain mates. They show depressive symptoms in a number of levels. They show elevated glucocorticoids. You see the same thing in humans, Okay? Chronic stress in humans lasting weeks or more does the same exact thing. So again, a very close match here in terms of mechanism overall. And then what they did was a very counterintuitive thing. Rather than give these animals stress relief at the level of reducing their anxiety with Benzodiazepines, or giving them a nice little mouse vacation, or enriched environment. Things that have been done in a lot of previous studies. What they did is they subjected them to five minutes a day of intense stress, but only five minutes a day. And what they found was miraculously, but also very convincingly. Daily short bouts of intense stress actually undid, reversed the effects of chronic stress. And it did this at the level of glucocorticoids, of hormones, of neurotransmitters and a number of other different mechanisms. Now, I find this very exciting for a number of reasons but in particular, because my laboratory in collaboration with David Spiegel laboratory, our associate chair of psychiatry at Stanford. Been exploring how five minute a day respiration protocols can alleviate stress. And while those data are not yet published, they are at the stage where I'm comfortable talking about them. And we are seeing some very impressive and significant effects on stress reduction not just from respiration protocols that allow people to calm themselves but also respiration protocols that bring people into a heightened state of autonomic sympathetic arousal, AKA stress. As my colleague, Dr. David Spiegel, he's an MD psychiatrist and PhD. Likes to say, "When it comes to trauma, anxiety and PTSD, and the treatment of trauma, anxiety, and PTSD, it's not just the state that you are in or that you go into. It's how you got there and whether or not you had anything to do with it." And this brings us right back to those top-down mechanisms and the narrative around what we are experiencing internally. So let's zoom out and I'll explain how this works and what to do about it. We have this brain structure called the insular. We talked about the insular a few minutes ago. The insular is calibrating how we feel internally versus what's going on externally. It's involved in setting whether or not what we are feeling is appropriate given what's happening. We have a system that can generate threat responses. And in the case of trauma, PTSD, and extreme stress, chronic stress, that system gets ramped up so that it takes very little, maybe even just a memory or maybe even an association that we're not even aware of, our location trigger something, we're not even aware of it. And we start experiencing that symptomology. How do we recalibrate the system? Well, most of the approaches that are out there involving drug treatments, typical drug treatments would involve suppressing the level of internal arousal. Just trying to bring that down. Now, some of those drug treatments work. But oftentimes they don't. And if you think about it, it's probably not surprising that they don't because by taking a drug that just lowers your anxiety overall you're creating a different sort of miscalibration of the system. So what we've been doing in human subjects is having them do either breathing protocols that calm them, and I'll explain what that is in a moment, or doing breathing protocols that increase their level of autonomic arousal and seeing how that impacts their response to stress overall not just during that particular breathing protocol. So the calming protocol that we use involves these physiological size. I've talked about these previously on the podcast and elsewhere but if you just need a reminder, if you haven't heard about it. There's a pattern of breathing that we all do in sleep. When our carbon dioxide levels in our bloodstream get too high. And we do this when we get claustrophobic, meaning we do it reflexively. And that's a double inhale through the nose followed by a long exhale. So it's, [Andrew breathing] And yes, the inhales should be through the nose and yes, the exhales should be done through the mouth, ideally. So it's a big filling of the lungs through two breaths back to back. Inhales. Even if you could only sneak in a little air on that second one, no talking to if you're going to do it right. And then a long exhale, which allows you to offload a lot of carbon dioxide in the exhale. And we have people doing that in real time anytime they experienced stress but the particular breathing protocol that we've been giving human subjects is for them to do the repeated... What we call cyclic sign. So double inhale, exhale, double inhale, exhale, double inhale, exhale repeatedly for five minutes. Which is actually a pretty long time to repeat that. But you can do it pretty slowly and people report and the data point to the fact that it's very calming. People feel more relaxed afterwards and that relaxation wicks out into other aspects of their life. Now, we did not look at stress and trauma in that condition. We also have another condition where people do what's called cyclic hyperventilation, which is very different and creates a very different internal state and is somewhat stressful. It's five minutes a day of stress much like the study that I just described. And involves basically doing this, what I'll do in a moment for five minutes which is hyperventilating. Which is, But not continuously for the five minutes because many people would pass out or feel extremely uncomfortable. It involves inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale, very deep inhale through the nose, exhale through the mouth. And then every 25 or 30 breaths or so doing a full exhale and holding one's breath, lungs empty for about 25, maybe 30, maybe even 60 seconds. And then continuing until five minutes is up. Subjects report and our data indicate that people feel a heightened level of autonomic arousal. In fact, I can feel it right now even from a very brief cyclic hyperventilation about I just did. You feel a heating up, you feel a... Some people will perspire, some people get wide-eyed, some people feel agitated. That's Adrenaline being released into your system. Now I'm not suggesting everyone run out and do this. And if you have a predisposition to panic attack or anxiety attacks please don't do this because it is very stimulating and can trigger those sorts of attacks. But this five minute a day protocol of cyclic hyperventilation does lead to big increases in autonomic arousal. So it's "Stressful" but to bring us back to my colleague, David Spiegel's quote. It really was him that said it, not me. It's not just about the state that you're in. It's about the state that you're in plus how you got there and whether or not you directed entry into that state. And that point one directs their own entry into a state deliberately is really key. And I think has an important implications for whether or not their stress relief and fear relief and trauma relief from bringing oneself into a state of increased autonomic arousal. Why? Because of the way that that fear and trauma circuitry is organized. If you recall, it's got these components of how external events can trigger an internal stress response and fear response and trauma response. But there's that top-down prefrontal component that can inhibit certain aspects of that fear and threat circuitry. Now, earlier we were talking about that prefrontal circuit being engaged through narrative, through self-directed deliberate narrative. It's the person deliberately retelling the story? Here we're talking about a deliberate reactivation of the sensations in the body. So where I think this is all going, meaning where my laboratory and the Spiegel laboratory and other laboratories out there are taking this. Is you can imagine a very brief five minutes a day, two weeks was the time that they did this for five minutes a day for two weeks. Intervention in which people, with the support of a clinician we would hope, would deliberately induce a physiological state that's very stressful, right? Not shying away from the stress response but increasing their own stress response deliberately. And maybe in conjunction with recounting the traumatic or fearful circumstance. This is far and away different than the kind of state of mind and body that would come about in a Ketamine-assisted trauma induced psychotherapy session, or a MDMA-assisted trauma psychotherapy session. Or in a purely narrative based psychotherapy session aimed at alleviating fear or trauma. The reason I like these sorts of interventions is that, A, they are very low cost or even zero cost, right? One you could imagine doing this while journaling or while recounting a particular experience. Again, they're very compact five minutes a day for two weeks is what was done in this particular mouse study. We don't know if that translates directly to the human study or not. What was interesting is that if they use the longer daily bouts of stress, like 15 minutes a day, that actually exacerbated the trauma and exacerbated the fear. So one has to be very careful. Stress and deliberate entry into stress and self stressing are very potent tools. They're very sharp blades that it does appear or it's likely can help alleviate trauma and fear. But how long to do this? Exactly what the protocol should be is still something that needs to be cultivated. I know there are going to be people out there that that nonetheless are going to want to experiment with some of this. I will say that I do not think it matters how one gets into that stressed state provided it as self-directed and that therefore could be cold shower. It could be ice bath. It could be anything that induces an acute, meaning a sudden onset of Adrenaline and is self-directed that's really the key feature here. So I'm very excited about these data both the five minute intervention data from the animal study. The work that's ongoing in my laboratory and Dr. Spiegel's laboratory, and the work that's being done on the insular. Because I think what we're starting to see now is a picture of fear and trauma and PTSD that has the sensory component, what's happening in the world around us. This internal interoceptive component, how appropriate are the signals that are occurring in my body? I mean, let's face it. If you almost get hit by a car and your heart rate is 140 beats per second. And that lasts for a little while and you're stressed out, you don't get the best night's sleep, that's pretty normal. That means you have a healthy fear system. If that persists and you're dealing with a lot of issues a week later, six weeks later, two years later. Then it's moved into the realm of trauma and PTSD. So we need to always be taking into account the different components of the circuitry. I do think that deliberate self-directed entry into these short bouts of stress is a very promising approach. And it's one that if people are going to experiment I just again, want to caution people with anxiety or panic disorders be very cautious, probably don't do it. Ideally you would do this in conjunction with support from a clinician. But I'm also aware that there are a lot of people out there that are dealing with trauma and dealing with post-traumatic stress of various kinds. And that they're desperate for various self directed intervention approaches. So just very briefly, I want to touch on some of the lifestyle and supplementation factors that can impact things like fear and trauma and getting over fear and trauma. To make a long story short. There are many things that we all can and should do to support our overall mental and physical health. And these are the foundational elements of quality nutrition. What that means to you? Quality sleep on a regular basis, ample sleep on a regular basis. We have an episode on how to master sleep in bed. We have four episodes that you can go to hubermanlab.com or elsewhere and scroll down and you can find those episodes in order to get your sleep really dialed in as they say. If you're sleeping regularly and for sufficient duration, all of the systems of your fear circuitry are going to function better. Mainly because the becomes very dysregulated when we are not getting good sleep on a regular basis. Dysregulated means that out of nowhere we can have a higher propensity to have sympathetic activation or we can feel really tired and wired. That seesaw that I described earlier of alertness and calmness of sympathetic and parasympathetic. In that analogy we can imagine that seesaw has a hinge and that hinge can neither be too tight nor too loose. If it's too tight, you can get locked into chronic activation of alertness or chronic fatigue. If it's too loose, you're bouncing all over the place and you might be [indistinct] tired and wired one moment and then really hyper alert. Sleep resets that balance and resets that hinge to the appropriate tightness, if you will. So that all these circuits and not just the circuits related to fear but also the circuits related to cognition, clear thinking to be able to spell out very clear detailed narratives, to feel like you are in control. You are deliberately bringing yourself into these protocols if that's what you intend to use. All of that functions much better when you're sleeping well and eating well. We talked about social connection. Those are all indirect supports of trauma relief and of getting over fear but they are essentia, okay? I think of them sort of like the tide. When the tide is high enough a boat can leave harbor. And if the tide is not high enough, then that boat is going to be stranded on shore. And in this analogy, the boat stranded on shore is your attempt or anybody's attempt to try and work through something. Very hard to do when we're sleep deprived, very hard to do when we're not fed enough or fed the proper foods for you. And that's a highly individual thing. And social connection as we talked about earlier, creates a general sense of support for the ability to move through things. But also chemical support at the level of suppressing Tachykinin, okay? So those foundational elements are absolutely key, but they are indirect. I just want to briefly mention a few of the things that some people find great benefit from in the supplementation realm as it relates to anxiety, stress, fear and PTSD. But I want to point out that again, these are somewhat indirect in their support and most of them focus on reducing anxiety overall. The two that I want to focus on are two that I've never talked about on this podcast before because I've done podcasts before on stress and managing stress in the kind of shorter term. So we've talked about Ashwagandha in a previous podcast, check out the podcast on stress, if you're interested in how that might be relevant as well as other tools. But the two are interesting ones. The first one is Saffron of all things. But there are 12 studies, believe it or not. That orally ingested Saffron at 30 milligrams seems to be a reliable dose for reducing anxiety on the standard inventories. The Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, for those of you that want to know. And these are significant effects. And these were carried out in both male and female subjects. Here I'm only referring to human studies. Several of these were double-blind studies. There's a meta analysis of the positive effects. Meaning anxiolytic affects, anxiety reducing effects that is of things like Saffron. Definitely have to check with your doctor and make sure it's right for you. But they're fairly impressive effects when you really think about it given that these are legal over the counter substances. Again, check with a doctor. The other one is a Inositol. Inositol has been shown to create a very notable decrease in anxiety symptoms. It's a fairly high dose that's used but believe it or not, the potency of this effect is on par with many of the prescription antidepressants. That's pretty impressive. These studies again are double-blind studies that all showed decreases in anxiety. These were done in males and females. The age range is very broad, which is great 18 all the way up to 64 across the studies that I at. One of the more important things is that the dosages are quite high 18 grams of Inositol taken for a full month. And it does take some time for these symptoms of anxiety to be improved. The low dose range was about 12 grams of Inositol, so as high as 18 as low as 12 grams. But then again, pretty impressive results considering that these are over the counter supplement compounds. There's even some evidence, I should just mention that the Inositol is also used for things like obsessive-compulsive disorder. We will do a full episode on OCD in the future, you can count on that. But in the meantime, Inositol does seem to have some positive effects on anxiety. And therefore it might provide a kind of supportive indirect effect for people that are trying to work through trauma and PTSD. Now, the question is when would you take it? Well, by the logic of what we spelled out today, you probably would not want to take it during a session or prior to a session where you were trying to amplify the intensity of an experience and the recounting of an experience in efforts to eventually extinguish that experience, right? Because if you put a drug or a compound of any kind prescription drug or supplement or any kind into your system you are essentially short-circuiting the extinguishing effect, right? So you could imagine doing this outside of that session as a way to kind of bring your system back to baseline, perhaps. So if you're going to use these sorts of things you want to think about them logically. And this also really points to the fact that many of the things that people are doing out there to self-medicate over use of alcohol or other substances to try and calm themselves because they have fear, anxiety and PTSD are actually driving that fear, anxiety and PTSD deeper into their system. Or at least is not allowing it to relieve itself through any attempts to recount or replay and using these top-down narrative circuits or other approaches. And the last compound I want to mention is a particularly interesting one, because it's neither an anxiolytic, nor is it something that increases overall levels of stress and alertness. But it has some kind of MDMA ish light contour to it. It does not produce as far as we know, the same mental effects or physical effects as MDMA by any stretch but that's... The substance I'm referring to rather is Kava. Kava has been shown in eight studies to have a very potent effect on reducing anxiety. But what's interesting about kava is that kava functions by increasing GABA, this inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. Remember GABA is the inhibitory neurotransmitter that is used, that's employed by the very neurons in the prefrontal cortex that serve to inhibit the threat reflex. So it seems to increase GABA, but it also increases Dopamine. And that's a somewhat unusual compound. I'm not aware of many compounds that simultaneously increase GABA and increase Dopamine. And as you recall, that threat reflex has outputs that tap into the Dopamine system. Now that's a big leap to go from a compound that increases GABA and Dopamine and look at a circuit spelled out on paper in front of us and say, "Oh, there's GABA and Dopamine in this circuit and therefore this is a good compound to take." But the effects of Kava in human studies are pretty interesting stress, PTSD and fear. I'm not going to summarize all of these because there are eight studies that I'm aware of. But I'll just mention, again, these are double blind studies. So the trial design is solid. The age ranges are anywhere from 18 to 64 which is a nice broad age range. The number of subjects is quite high both men and women. No signs of hepatotoxic signal so meaning liver toxicity, although of course, check with your doctor. But what was interesting is that after a period of about three weeks of treatment with anywhere from 150 milligrams of what are called active kava lactones, okay? So there are dosages that relate to that kava. So a hundred milligrams of extract of Kava is a kind of a reasonable typical dose in these studies. But that spells out to a certain amount of Kava lactone. So you have to kind of boil down to what is the appropriate dosage. And it turns out it's extremely broad. You'll see evidence of 50 milligrams, you'll see evidence of 300 milligrams, is kind of all over the place. But each of these studies alone and together point to the fact that Kava does seem to produce a very potent anxiolytic and general kind of improvement in depressive symptoms and reduction in generalized anxiety across the board. So it's an interesting compound. I've never actually tried any of the compounds I just mentioned. Kava, Saffron or Inositol. So I can't report on them personally. I just know that a number of listeners of this podcast are interested in supplements and legal over the counter approaches to their biology and psychology. And so that's why I mentioned them. Those were the three for which I found the most convincing evidence and the largest bulk of evidence. So if you're interested in exploring those proceed with caution but they do seem quite interesting. So today we've reviewed a large amount of information about the biology of pathways that underlie the fear response. And they give rise to chronic fear and in some cases to trauma and PTSD. We also touched on a large variety of approaches to dealing with fear, trauma and PTSD that currently exist in the clinical landscape out there. I also touch on some of the emerging themes, for instance, this short five minute a day deliberate self-directed stress of any kind through respiration or other approaches of increasing Adrenaline. As an approach that might be viable, I should emphasize might, be viable for enhancing the speed or the potency of treatments to reduce fear or eliminate trauma. Most important I believe is to understand and really think about the logical structure of the circuits that underlie fear and PTSD. Because in doing that each of us, all of us, can think about what sorts of treatments and approaches make the most sense for them. I also hope that it will help people lean into certain practices involving re-exposure, provided that's done in a supportive environment. Re-exposure to a given traumatic event in an attempt to extinguish that. Obviously you want to do that safely, meaning psychologically safely and physically safely. There are great practitioners out there that can help you with that work. There are also a number of people out there I am certain that are carrying certain traumas or certain fears that they would like to alleviate that are not in the extreme clinical realm. And that's the reason why I touched on a number of things including some self-directed practices that might be useful and reasonable for them to explore. I realize we covered a lot of information today. If you're enjoying and are learning from this podcast and you're not traumatized by the amount of information covered, please subscribe to our YouTube channel. That's a terrific zero cost way to support us. In addition, please subscribe to the podcast on apple and Spotify. And on apple, you have the opportunity to leave us up to a five star review. If you have suggestions of guests you'd like us to host on the podcast or you have topics that you'd like us to cover. Please put that in the comment section on YouTube. Also, please check out the sponsors that we mentioned at the beginning of this episode. That's a terrific way to support us. We also have a Patreon, it's patreon.com/andrewhuberman. And there you can support this podcast at any level that you like. On this podcast episode and in many previous podcast episodes, I describe supplements. While supplements aren't necessary and perhaps aren't right for everybody many people derive great benefit from supplements. It is important however, that if you're going to use supplements that they be a very high quality and that you can trust that the amounts of supplement listed on the supplement bottle are actually what's contained in the bottle. That's a serious issue with a lot of supplements out there. For that reason, we partnered with Thorne, T-H-O-R-E. Because Thorne has the highest levels of stringency with respect to the quality of their supplements and the amounts of the supplements listed on the bottle are actually what's are They've partnered with all the major sports teams as well as the Mayo Clinic. So we have a very high degree of trust with Thorne products. If you want to see the Thorne products that I take you can go to Thorne, T-H-O-R-N-E, .com/u/huberman. And there you can see the supplements that I take. You can get 20% off any of those supplements. And if you navigate deeper into the Thorne site, through that portal, thorne.com/u/huberman, you can also get 20% off any of the other supplements that Thorne makes. If you're not already following Huberman Lab on Twitter and Instagram, there I do short neuroscience tutorials. I offer a lot of tools oftentimes that don't overlap with the content of the podcast. And last but not least, thank you for your interest in science.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lorenawuthrich: Thats very interesting and helpful! Thank you a lot for this. I like the structure so we dont get lost during the information
  2. @joedredd1168: I love your videos thank you for them you have taught me so much with understanding my body, more health more too. Just with everything😊
  3. @joedredd1168: 2020 during the first lockdown was the worst time of my life I lost my mum to overian cancer which she battled for 4 years and a bit and I experienced another trauma at the same time. 
I am proud as now I’ve got my self into a really good place emotionally as before it was horrible I struggled a lot with my grief and ptsd don’t get me wrong I am not 100 percent and do still experience up and down still but I’m a lot better to how I was and can cope a lot better where before I was on edge anxious about everything.
  4. @shruthihs4538: Your page is a blessing. Thank you. 
Kindly make a video on OCD and brain chemistry of hyper vigilance after giving birth. Thank you again
  5. @callumlamb9027: Truly a fantastic episode. However I can't help but feel frustrated by how many times you said "This three-step process" - and then defined it as 1) Extinguishing Fears, 2) Narrative Retelling.... AND THAT'S IT! 

Unfortunately the pattern PhD scientists AVOIDING the importance of Human Connection is not unfamiliar in American Society. Thankfully we have the book Understanding and Treating Chronic Shame: Healing Right Brain Relational Trauma by Patricia A. DeYoung to guide us. Re-connective experiences are absolutely integral to Recovery and Restoration. 12-Step anyone? 💞💞
  6. @ataberka7383: 51:12
  7. @Vidhya-m1o1o: You are the best and best teacher . I am so grateful that i started listening to your podcasts that made huge difference and made me easy on the journey of understanding myself ❤
  8. @differenttakethanmost: It’s so refreshing to hear intelligent information by a human being.  Sadly that’s becoming rare on YT as AI takes over the platform. 

PLEASE do a program on dealing with EMOTIONAL TRAUMA (watching someone you love more than life, get sick and die in front of you—trying everything possible to help them, to no relief).  

And you Sir, know more than most how magnificent the  “machine & mechanism” the human brain and mind are. There have to be ways to heal WITHOUT DRUGS.  

And there has to be some things we can do on our own.  I live in a rural town, finding someone locally for any sort of therapy is laughable. 

And while we’ve lived in the land of the internet and connected world for decades now: health insurances are woefully behind and not oft willing to pay for trauma therapy at all let alone “via the internet”.
  9. @asphaltmessimer1384: How do I induce fear tho? I want to make my little brother be scared of lollipop
  10. @Soulawakeningacademy: SMRT (Somatic Memory REPATTERNING Technique) is a rapid new technique working with memory reconsolidation. Rapid decrease of fears, phobias and anxieties.
  11. @AnahiAndJustin: should rewatch
  12. @cassandraharrington7189: Hey Huberman, I was just talking with a clinician about the eight steps of the AMR protocol. Because in fact, there is a positive event in the protocol that we step back into after a revisiting, whether it’s a mild or severe traumatic event. Unfortunately, on this one, I would say if you didn’t get it correct. Please look at the full protocol and there you will see.
  13. @naumanmir7258: Do anxiety and panic attacks cause high blood pressure?
  14. @mpaval12: @hubermanlab How exactly does amnesia work in relation to trauma?
  15. @WisdomLife-gi7yp: Amazing dear professor, thank you so much for all your efforts.
  16. @The_Mandarin-1: I disassociate easily around people, sometimes to the point of disability. Why is it that if I am threatened by a real danger like a fire, wild animal, or gun man. In that case I am calm and able to act quickly both in body and mind.
  17. @murtaza7859: ❤ I want to listen the same video in urdu language for better understanding, if possible, thanks for your time.
  18. @xjarhead40: I just finished my 2nd session of EMDR,  and it naturally replaced my negative thoughts, with positive ones.  When asked what I was feeling, I said " I may stop at Arby's for a jamocha shake after this" lol, my reward came naturally during the middle of the session.  I have Complex PTSD and feel it will help me, with an added effort on the complex part
  19. @lulisig: Thank you for your invaluable work on these videos and everything that is behind them!!!
  20. @aminomohamed2850: Hpa

- Jennifer Lopez 'felt paralysed' during exhaustion-induced panic attacks: Kind: captions Language: en jennifer lopez felt physically paralyzed when she suffered crippling panic attacks brought on by exhaustion the 52 year old singer and actress has opened up about a dark time during her 20s when she was working too hard and surviving on less than five hours sleep a night revealing stress and tiredness brought some terrifying symptoms which affected her eyesight and made her feel completely frozen in the latest edition of her on the jlo newsletter jennifer revealed that there was a time in her life when she used to sleep three to five hours the night and she would be on set all day and in the studio all night and doing junkets and filming videos on the weekends as she was in her late twenties and thought she was invincible she continued to explain that one day she was sitting in a trailer and all the work in this dress coupled with not enough sleep to recuperate mentally caught up with her jennifer went on to say that she went from feeling totally normal to thinking about what she needed to do that day and all of a sudden felt as if she couldn't move and explained that she was completely frozen and couldn't see clearly adding that the symptoms started to scare her and the fear compounded itself she found out the symptoms were caused by a panic attack as she juggled her acting with her budding music career and the revelation prompted her to make some big life changes she explained that she asked the doctor if she was going crazy and he said no you're not crazy you need sleep get seven to nine hours of sleep per night don't drink caffeine and make sure you get your workouts in if you're going to do this much work the on the six star added she realized how serious the consequences could be of ignoring what her body and her mind needed to be healthy and that's where her journey to wellness began you

- How to Reduce Anxiety and Fear | Eckhart Tolle 20 Minute Compilation: Kind: captions Language: en - Are there any thought processes connected with the fear? In other words, what are the thoughts that your mind is producing while you're feeling the fear? (ding) Well, fear, anxiety, which is a form of fear, it's very common. Some people have it, many have it in the background continuously. And I would say there's some degree of fear even if you're not conscious of it. If you are totally identified with the egoic mind, you will have fear if only in the background and it may come out in other forms. It can come express itself as anger. If you look at anger close, you usually find hidden underneath the anger is a state of fear. So if there's fear, one important thing is to, of course, you need to direct your attention to it. You acknowledge that there's fear. The important question that arises is, are there any thought processes Is it possible that certain thoughts that you think frequently or habitually produce the fear? Is it possible you project yourself into the next moment, into the future moment excessively trying to control something that you have no control over? What's going to happen to me? Or project or creating an imaginary scenario of loss that you might suffer. It's not happening now, but it might happen. And many things, the thought activity, excessive thought activity often creates scenarios of things going wrong that are not happening now. May never happen. Often probably will never happen. And even if they did happen, the actual situation would actually be easier to face than the imaginary situation in your mind because there's nothing you can do. There's no action you can take to remedy an imaginary situation except to stop thinking it. But if an actual situation arises, you face it and you give it your attention, and then you take the action that you need to take. But an imaginary situation, you're totally at the mercy of it so it only exists in your mind. So you need to see whether your mind is creating the fear by thinking fearful thoughts by projecting itself into the future. And if that is the case, then you can see, oh, so I'm creating those because my body cannot tell the difference between an actual event that's happening outside and what my mind is producing. So when I'm thinking thoughts, my life situation is critical. If this is basically what your thoughts are telling you, then your body believes that this is the actual truth, that you are being threatened at this very moment. The body doesn't know the difference that the tiger isn't in the room. The threatening presence is your thoughts. The body reacts in the same way, whether there's a threat, an actual threat in the room or your thoughts can create the same (breaths heavy) even palpitations. You can shortness of breath because you're thinking fearful thoughts. You go (breathes heavy) at night. I had that for years when (breathes heavy). Awful state. It's insane. It's a disease, but (breathes heavy) nothing is happening. Absolutely nothing. There's a quiet room, nothing. (breathes heavy) It's all happening in the mind. So if that's the case, see, okay, then you need to tackle the thoughts because they will cause the fear. And how do you tackle thoughts is by realizing the futility and the destructive nature of these thoughts and choosing to step out. And what do you do to step out? First you don't believe your mind that tells you, no, you can't step out. You have to continue thinking. No, you step out and take a conscious breath or put your attention into the inner energy field of the body. A conscious choice to remove attention from thinking. And you may have to be really alerted to do it. If you are immersed in a mindstream, it could even be that it's so powerful that you just cannot get out. It has such gravitational pull. It pulls you, but at least you know that this is what's happening. So there's a state where you cannot help yourself yet, but at least there is the beginning of a beginning of a disidentification from it when you know that this is what is happening. Your health, your relationships, your work, or lack of it, finances, living situation. Usually those things make up your life, my life. But I call that your life situation as opposed to life, which is only ever now. Your life situation exists in the mind. You have to keep it alive there. It's important, of course, you have to deal with situations as they arise in your life, but they only arise in the present moment. And when you think about your life situation, you can only think about it in the present moment. It's important to have these two, your life and your life situation and not allow your life situation to completely obscure your life, your presence, your sense of aliveness, your spaciousness. And that's helpful to bring attention, to learn to bring attention to your senses. The expression we could use is come to your senses. The five senses so you become more aware of what surrounds you. Inhabit the body. It's another one that brings you, connects you with life. Takes you out of the conceptualizing mind. Be here now. Come to your senses. They're all one. And then you don't carry continuously with you, like a heavy burden, your life situation. Of course you address whatever challenges arrive. You deal with them as they arise in the present moment. Occasionally you might have to do some planning or some strategy occasionally, but also that happens in the present moment. For the rest of the time, don't allow your life situation to completely obscure, completely stifle your sense of aliveness, your presence in the moment. Because then you walk around with a burden of a very heavy personality. Then you don't see what's around you anymore. You can't truly relate to other humans because you have the heaviness of your problematic life situation, and whose life situation is not problematic? It's in the nature of life situations to be problematic. Of course you arrange your life as best you can. Your life situation as best you can. Yes, you may acquire new skills so you can get a better job or in whatever way you improve or attempt to improve your life situation. Find a nicer place to live. Why not? That's all fine. But the expectation that, at some point, life should leave you alone and not challenge you anymore and that there's something wrong when life challenges you, that's a delusion. That itself, the unconscious assumption that there's something wrong when life presents so-called problems to you, better word is challenges, there's an unconscious assumption and an unconscious resentment and negative reaction the moment you're faced with a new challenge because of the underlying assumption that these things should not be happening. But no matter how carefully you arrange your life situation and no matter how much positive thinking you do, which is a nice thing, you will still be challenged by life. You will still experience the polarities of life. You will experience, for example, that every situation, every new situation has its new set of challenges. So to cut, to sever the link between the emotion that you feel and your thought processes, what you do is, and this is not pleasant, but it's possible. You place your attention on the emotion, you feel it. It's unpleasant, but it's not going to kill you. A child will probably not be able to do that if it's intense. It might have to escape into some, through dissociation or whatever possibly. But an adult, fear is It might kill you if you allow it to rise into your mind because you might even commit suicide if you can't stand this anymore, but it will not kill you in itself. So feel it, and then you shine the light of awareness on it. And you may have to do that a lot. And at first, it's not pleasant, but it's a burning up of the old emotion. And the only way to get rid of it is to accept it as it is right now. If you want to get rid of it, you can't, but that complete acceptance of what is is actually the doorway through it. It's the transformation of it. And if it's extreme, that can become your main meditation in life, and that will become your main teacher, and that will bring about your transformation. In some people's lives, there is one huge disability, one huge source of suffering or pain that they, it could be a physical disability. It could be a situation like being in prison. It could be an emotion like that that you carry inside that doesn't want to go away. So in certain people's lives, there is one major thing that seems to color your entire life and affect your entire life. And seemingly makes it impossible for you to ever be free or happy or joyful. But if that one thing, if you surrender to it, allow it to be, and make it as a a continuous spiritual practice, you need nothing else. That one thing will transform you if you surrender to it. And there will come a point when you are grateful that you had to go through that because it will have taken you, it will be the greatest spiritual teacher. So there was, I believe, if I remember correctly, even Epictetus, that philosopher who said, "It's not the situation that makes you unhappy, "it's the thought it makes you unhappy." If I remember correctly, he was also crippled, he couldn't walk properly, and he was a slave until he became freed. So it's often humans who have one major disability or some huge difficulty in life, and that becomes their catalyst for spiritual transformation. If they can surrender to it, allow it to be, acceptance, I call it acceptance of the seemingly unacceptable. Stephen Hawking's case, for example, I don't know to what extent he awakened spiritually, but he accepted the unacceptable, and so certain miracles happened. He survived. Just nobody would've thought it possible, and his life became fruitful. On one level, at least. Acceptance of the unacceptable is the great source of grace in this world. It's just a miracle, but it's an arduous, it can be an arduous process, especially for this questioner here, who is here. It may take a while. You have to endure it and be with it and surrender to it a lot of the time. And that's your, you don't need transcendental meditation. Your pain, your fear is enough. Be with it. The strange thing is only by encountering these challenges do we grow in consciousness and generate energy. It awakens us eventually. Now, if you overdo physical exercise, you put too much strain on the body, you could kill the body. You could kill yourself, and this has happened to people who were so obsessed with physical exercise that they overdid it. I've read, for example, whenever it was, one or two years ago, a man who wrote about the incredible benefits of jogging died of a heart attack while he was jogging, and he wasn't that old. So you can overdo it. And then instead of the body getting stronger, it dies. And you could also say when you look at life and humans, life on this planet, probably many other planets, you would say, well, it's all very well. Sometimes it seems to work, that through facing challenges and problems, we grow. We grow out of identification with mind, we grow out of the ego. We transcend our conditioned state of consciousness and a new consciousness arises. And if I know, not actually speaking for myself, without facing difficulties and challenges, there would not have been any growth in consciousness and no awakening. If I had had a, what's the word? For example, a trust fund where you know from a very early age your parents have already looked after your security, and you know from an early age if you don't want to work or anything, you don't have to. You can have a comfortable life without ever doing anything. There are people like that. There may even be one or two here, but if you are here and you are trust fund baby-- (audience laughs) Then other things must have happened to you that created difficulties. It wasn't financial, but there were other things. (water rushing)

  Top Comments:
  1. @angelotuteao6758 [22 likes]: Years of meditation and I still keep coming back to Eckhart during times when I feel overwhelmed and fearful 🙏 While I normally experience great stillness when life throws up it’s greatest challenges - these talks guide me through ❤
  2. @debbiedavis5203 [9 likes]: I'm 69 years old I have been reading all sorts of self-help books over many years now but I have found Eckhart Tolle books have helped me the very most out of all of the books I have ever read
  3. @GloriaBridget-v6x [8 likes]: I pray God heals me from fear and axiety
  4. @ChrisMartinkus [6 likes]: Acceptance of myself as well as others
  5. @spirituallearning_en [2 likes]: So good ❤
  6. @shreyakumar1269 [1 likes]: Thank you for your teachings .🙏🏻
  7. @Kyrani99 [1 likes]: The fear is due to a hidden threat that has to be set up by the inhumane people wanting to cause you anxiety. The thoughts are not produced by your mind but rather mentally presented ideas, hateful suggestions. When you know this you can overcome it and not suffer anxiety. 
The threat is not aimed to be carried out. It is aimed at creating influence and getting you to accept the ideas that are mentally presented and thus perceived in mind. So the threat is really Mickey Mouse and the ideas are just hateful suggestions, rubbish. Just discard them and you won't suffer any anxiety.
  8. @nicholasfagan-dw3dd [1 likes]: A great man to be sure god bless you Eckhart❤🎉
  9. @coricori7428 [1 likes]: To feel it is it meant to feel the Sensation in the body?
  10. @debbiedavis5203 [1 likes]: The best book I ever read what is book The Power of Now I still have it and I'm going to reread it again also New Earth Awakening I read his book on that what's awesome
  11. @YonH-l3v [1 likes]: Situation: thoughts and emotions 
Normal 
February 16
  12. @TheBordercollielady: i listen to Eckhart to calm me when i wake up shaking
  13. @Omnipresence101: The threatening presence is your thoughts
  14. @marup.7708: 🙏🙏🙏❤
  15. @ariyas_spectrum: Thank you ❤ to Eckhart and those who create these clips. Eckhart's words, so apt in conveying the feeling of the message, even though words are never enough, he manages it. And English isn't his first language. Thank you ❤
  16. @Funkywallot: I have learnt to observe and separate the thought patterns that feed fear and anxiety , still there seems to be a never ending source of thoughts causing the fear . It is with me all day long every day without exeption.
I dont know what to do. Its a very large burden in my daily life. I´m just stressed out for the most of the time
  17. @ginamori4970: Thank You Eckhart Kim Plum Village Thichi
  18. @Devon4777: Migraines
  19. @MysticSoul1133: Thank you, Eckhart. 😊💕 This helps so much.  I have three of your books.. thanks for bringing your learnings & teachings to our world. ❤🌟🙌🏾☀️
  20. @Sofiakrinski: In this prsent momento I am Dial ng with this sutuation: I had ALL my things stolen by a Band Specialized in steel imeubles. They took my house, my car and ALL the things indide the house, meublrs, refrigerador,owem, books, cds, ART objectds, there deskscwith documentos and so on. I AM 67 years old and had worked sinceI was 17. Well, I had a behavior of a British lady not because acceptance but because I was stupified with the story. Nice I AM fighting in the tribunais for getting everything back. I can't do other way, that IS my Future and may way to freedom of this country.

- Amanda Seyfried Suffers From Panic Attacks and Anxiety - Splash News | Splash News TV: Kind: captions Language: en amanda cipher doesn't seem like she has much to worry about but the actress reportedly suffers from extreme bouts of anxiety amanda tells contactmusic.com that she spent years battling panic attacks but conquers her fears by focusing on positive aspects of her life and taking time out of a hectic schedule to relax she doesn't have a lot to be les miserable about the extremely successful actress has been attached to many highly regarded roles in her professional life and she's reportedly started to get romantically serious with actor justin long we've recently seen them hanging out at a los angeles dog park despite everything going well amanda tells the music site that she still fights anxiety and still worries about silly little things luckily she tells look magazine that she's developed painting as a habit to help her issues she says she has an amazing craft room she'll paint for hours and it's the best feeling in the world seems like amanda will be just fine

- Learning How to Cope with Fear, Anxiety, Stress: Kind: captions Language: en things upsetting you right now take a deep breath inhale and exhale say it out loud just for today I choose to let go and let go go and as you take a another deep inhale inhale love trust and compassion and exhale all of those fear worries and doubts you are loved you are cared for you are blessed now I want you to put your palms together in a prayer position in front of your heart as we pray father God Open the Eyes of our hearts to receive the message that is meant for us to hear especially in this point of our life's journey guide our thoughts that they may always be positive and uplifting direct our words that these may always bless and pray [Music] be with us especially in the next couple of hours as we learn and grow to support ourselves and be of support as well we lift up our past present and future to you and surrender to your loving grace and Mer take one last deep breath inhale and exhale in Jesus name we pray amen open your eyes smile and smile to the people around you thank you give yourselves a big big clap and hug yourself thank you thank you so much coach thank you so much Coach Jill for that very relaxing meditation you know you're one of my favorite people to lead that so thank you anyway I think we are all grounded and ready so is it okay if I introduce myself can I see thumbs up okay my name is Yanni Moya I am in a journey of continuous personal growth and Mastery and in this journey I have discovered my calling and passion in coaching so I am actually currently a life and wealth coach and I thrive to see a world where everyone is blissful and abundant and of course aligning it to my mission which is for my Bliss to inspire Limitless possibilities and I do that by simply adding value to as many people as I can and in different ways and vehicles including this webinar so if I may share um the story behind today's topic um so just a little background of why I initiated to do this specific webinar is actually this is just a daily meet for my team so we do daily learning sessions to learn from anything personal development or random things that they want to learn um I look for speakers for each specific topic that they request from me um however um I noticed that during this lockdown parang I felt there's a race of negative emotions coming from the people around me and what I see on social media um and more people started messaging me asking for support because they are suffering from either anxiety um depression feeling empty feeling useless and scared uh basically a lot of heavy emotions started to show up more mainly because of our situation in this pandemic um this people actually ask help from me and to be honest when I'm feeling anxious myself I also just run to my life coaches that's where I get advice tips and tools that I use and I share to um these people um having said that some having said that um sometime last week I thought of invi inviting one of my life coaches our facilitator um for today to do a learning session to help my small team some of my close friends and some of my coaches as well but then I realized we could help a lot more people if we open it up to public and even invite panelists who can also share their story um and like what Simon s said in his podcast that I um um listen to this morning the best way to deal with traumas and these emotions is Human Relationships calling people and listening to people so this is why so this is why I'm doing this and so here we are today I'm so happy because two days since we promoted it we have 127 people inside the discussion and hundreds of people who are watching on our live stream I think that is enough proof that a lot of people need this kind of of conversation or a lot of people would like to learn how to give support at this time so for being here and just to plug my invitation is if you like this type of organization and culture approach the person who invited you or connect with me on my Facebook and Instagram it's at coach yanim Moya to be part of this advocacy in this community my team is very much open to transform more people's lives okay so before we begin um I'm inviting everyone if you could share this on Facebook it's currently live on my page para we can reach out to more people a thank you so just a disclaimer the speakers today have no psychology background but based on the work that they do they help a lot of people including me that's why I invited them to help me in this conversation so part of the learning session is to share sh wins with each other but this time we will be hearing them from our panelists so are we ready to hear from our panelists can I see a thumbs up or maybe chat thank you okay so our first panelist is a very beautiful actress an more than just being one of the top actresses in the country I would say um she is also known as a mental health Advocate her story inspired me inspired me so much and what I like about her is that when I discussed this passion project to her a couple of days ago and invited her to share she immediately said yes Aon and in fact she has Al already joined one of my team daily learn team's daily learning sessions uh she's one of the nicest and most genuine artistas I have ever worked with and I'm very honored to have her with us today let us give a virtual Applause to Miss Jasmine Curtis Smith go goe Jasmine hi thank you Nam what a beautiful introduction top but you know this is my top I'm happy I think this is a good top to be in and I'm glad I can share it with you guys and whatever I have in my head um maybe my experience will resonate with you maybe you're going through it right now um but um hello I'm Jasmine I'm 26 years old um I am not an actress at the moment TV and film industry but that's okay um I I've been staying home for the last three months uh I am not the designated uh p with the with the past to go out to the grocery so I'm really just at home um I have been uh when I was in high school okay start this off already when I was in high school um and started working already uh I realized that I had already been feeling some kind of tension Within Myself and I had been um going through some weird like emotional imbalance that I couldn't figure out and um got to a point that I was noticing things about myself like I would stay in bed more um I didn't like to open my uh draw my curtains open um it's so minimal when I eat sometimes I also feel like I feel sick or I feel like vomiting so all these things were um happening to me when I was in high school and I decided and my mom decided to seek um a checkup it's it's more of like a physiological like uh problem so we tackled it in that manner more and when we visited our local Clinic Sab um Dr sa was that she couldn't find anything wrong with my body or with um how my body was functioning we ran tests there was nothing and um I I um I didn't know what else or how to explain what I was feeling and so um she gave me a test and I went through the test and you know um she said that I I think you might need to see um a psychiatrist so I went and saw one for a couple of sessions um it helped me kind of pinpoint what was um stressing me out or causing my anxiety at that time um there were a lot of things causing me anxiety I didn't know what to choose for college I didn't know what career to take I was hearing a lot of people's opinions but every time I spoke my truth or what I believed in or what I wanted to do it was either disregarded or you know put down or um just kind of not in in the picture at all so that impacted me a lot as a teenager and growing up and continuously since I was 17 up until now 26 I've pursued to seek um professional help in times of need um I can't do it alone um and I've also surrounded myself with a support system that I now feel like can actually um listen to my thoughts you know give me constructive opinions or criticisms so that I can grow and I can build and I I can I can be aware of where my thoughts are or why I'm thinking such a certain way um without feeling minimized devalued or uh fearful of speaking up of sharing my truth or even to just um be me so anyway overcome teenage anxiety but of course as we grow older or as as we um I guess move onto the phase from uh Teenage life to working life and you're now exposed to the real world and you're now exposed to a a not so um systematical environment like a school there are so many things now that could possibly stress you out other than homework or other than your teacher or deadlines at school now it actually um press on your means of living work Anda anxiety and also fear so for me the last three months I definitely have been feeling um fear about my work about um whether or not soon enough um you know I'm not you may say that I have man uh my platforms and you know we celebrities get all these sponsorships or influencing postings and whatever but the thing is that's not me I do not uh believe to always promote promote promote get on all the brands promote all the brands and sell out myself and my soul and what I believe in because I believe that every product I uh I engage myself in I want to make sure I believe in it so fake to my audience um pretentious just so I can earn because that gives me guilt so um with that kind of mindset or moral and values it's easy to uh figure out now it might be a bit of a struggle the next few months because not all brands right now are you know uh trustworthy or aligned with where I Amy so I can uh promote like you know or stuff like that you know I I hope you guys know what I mean um this may sound uh different from your daily work um but I'm trying to set out framework maybe in in your own uh work framework Mak relate I don't know if I'm making sense but like help me out here guys like you can you can chat in the box if you know better terms that I can use but anyway um so I I've been I've been feeling a lot of fear about that I've been feeling like I don't know if this is still the industry I I should still pursue um and I don't know if this is still like something that that that should be in my future um considering how unstable it can be in times of state of emergencies like this so I've decided on my own um to sign up to uh webinars like these or even um uh short courses online that I could look forward to and engage in so that I'm constantly learning something and possibly put that learning to use once this ecq is over or once um there's an opportunity to put that learning into play um I feel that if I was just to sit down and wait for my industry to tell me what's going to happen it's that's a lot of people you know that's a lot of people decide and then there's a whole process that we probably don't know about same goes with any industry or any company if you're working for a certain company right now sure how this company will Fair out in the end not unless you have an amazing job and you know your boss is on top of things and then that's fantastic but you know for many of us I'm sure our bosses or even our um net uh company CEOs are are still trying to figure out what best to do uh for their employees who let N well you know for for most of us we we have job security because there's a contract length and there's a certain stipulation with your salary but for the most of Uso we're hired per contract we're Freelancers and when you're freelancer that tends to cause more anxiety because on a basis without a pandemic uh even more now the B um so that that's where that's where I've been at and what I've been feeling but the best thing that I can say or what my win is in in the last three months is giving myself that opportunity to look forward to Growing which is my classes and that starts in June one pass so can you imagine this month and I want I want to start I want to have something to distract me already and give me knowledge so that I'm not constantly waiting or you know checking the calendar weeks but that that gave me a different thing to think of get so parang that helped me and that allowed me to reshift my focus and if you guys haven't noticed I haven't been on social media much um because it's so talk and for someone who uses it for work I do not like seeing my contemporaries doing what they're doing right now it's I feel that it's not adding to the learning of Their audience it's just causing more anger and it's causing more pain and when we mock um each other online that is not constructive that is not um bringing you up also emotionally you're you're increasing your anger you're increasing your frustration instead of you know finding someone that you can discuss this with and you can actually process things with so I decided and with my um counselor's advice to stay off social media first and only log on if I can actually say something to contribute uh to someone's thoughts like in a good way or in a in a way that will make them feel uh motivated because we all need to feel that right now so that is also why I've decided take social media time off Ma and see where this can take me because I'm sure it will naturally come in for me to be on it again and to share what I had to share again and Etc um so that's where I'm where I'm at right now I'm not saying I don't have anxiety anymore or I do not feel stressed or I don't have fears we all have that um and I feel like mine my anxiety is kind of like creeping in L but I'm trying so hard to maintain it and massage it I'm massaging it I'm not suppressing it because suppressing it would only hurt me more in the future so just allowing it to like simmer until I I get to that point that I can I can finally use my learning platform my my studies to to give me that confidence with myself and growth and know how to tackle this better um so then I have a counselor and that's that's my win I gave myself um the chance to approach a professional so that I could better guide myself so if you have that opportunity I really do highly suggest approaching a professional whether it's a life coach a psychiatrist psychologist appropriate say um or even if it's a friend or a family member that can you know really process a conversation with you not just uh share their their their perspective sometimes you just need someone to listen and ask you questions but not really like poke you and intimidate you with these questions so yeah so that's my sharing and um that's where I'm at right now um I feel like uh that gives a good kind of idea of where I am and what I've been dealing with so I'm sure met um I don't know what else to say um maybe maybe our next speaker would like to do their sharing now so I'll see you guys in the question and answer a bit I'll be here I'll be listening because I also need all the knowledge that I'll get from coach rush and rush to Russ and also miss sap so I I'll be I'll be here I'll be here guys thank you thank you so much Jasmine for that wonderful share I like what you said about growing and and building your awareness around this um and also me same T in engaging and continuous learning during lockdown it really helps with your anxiety Lala if if you're not that um aware or if you don't know if you need a community to talk to to build relationships with so thank you so much Jasmine for that um yeah I think a lot of us can resonate to itat S group chat okay so I think we're ready for our next panelist to sharees she is a mental emotional and spiritual therapist and the life coach she's an integrative nutritionist who focuses on disease and her illness around um of know illness area of specialty is Liver Health an she's certified by International medicine and Dentistry hypnotherapy Association and ekaa international she is also certified by the International Association of coaches and therapists and integrative institution of nutrition she's my inner child therapist and wellness coach um and my session with her actually helped me understand more of how my inner child issues are affecting my current state and can a and how it can affect my future so she's my wellness coach who guides me also in my nutrition and even skin care so let's all welcome Miss saps utam STS hi everyone my god did you really have to say skin care hi everyone happy Sunday to all of you Jasmine that was really heartfelt thank you for sharing and thank you for saying how you really feel because that's how everyone is feeling right now thank you for Lending your voice and making sure that um people are understanding what they're going through because you know people people just feel that it's just you know like like people like me a therapist that I'm not feeling anything or people like artistas are not feeling anything but you know just to let you know what anxiety is it just creeps up on you when you least expect it because it's the fear of the unknown you know so every single human being you're never going to know what tomorrow will bring so so when that happens we we will always have that you know um ups and downs but like she said she's aware of it she's aware it's there and um she's not Shing it away she's just acknowledging it but she doesn't want it to St and that's basically the way you need to deal with any mental health issue don't don't um Let It fester for long it's coming here to say something all our emotions are coming here to say something so what is it trying to tell you and then it's actually sometimes a guide so don't think of it as something negative like what are you here to say what are you saying um fear of the future so what should I do you know it's it's more of like um I'll walk you through all of this later but um thank you for sharing that and I appreciate it and so okay so I am a mental emotional spiritual therapist I always believe that we Are Spiritual Beings on this journey called life so let's not forget about why we're here and what is the bigger picture in all of this and why these things happen to us and with that um I deal with metaphysical meaning of diseases and illnesses because it starts with a mind mind then the emotions and then the physical it's going to show up in the physical body when it shows up in the physical body that's the last part so we need to um kind of take a step back and understand how did this start when did this start so I think Yanni said I'm an I'm a inner child therapist because all we have inner children in us so yesterday was your last inner child inner child um is the the key to understanding why these things are happening to us so um I tackle the subconscious mind the subconscious mind runs on 90% of everything that's happening to us so with that um is it my win already now do I say my win okay my win is I'm actually happy that people are coming out and talking about mental health I think it's about time because it's not Taboo it's not don't taint it in such a way that oh this person has mental health issues understand that we all do every human being has bouts of anxiety fear stress and yes I'm I'm I'm happy that people are actually talking about it because when we talk about it we can do something about it because if we don't talk about something how can we change what we're not oblivious to and when when when somebody says it so somebody like me because I was in therapy for a very long time for my own issues hence I became a therapist because I realized that I loved how it helped me now I want to hold the space for other people as well so this is what I do but I always believe that nutrition is equally important because the body never lies so the body will tell you what you need and how you're going to address all these issues because remember you are in your body so you are in your mind you are your body so we need to kind of put the pieces of the puzzle together so my biggest win in all of this is thank you for creating platforms like this um I've been insanely busy since lockdown because there's so many webinars there's so many lives there's so many private um consultations and companies and I'm very happy to actually hear that companies care about their employees you know that they actually spend on their employees because they want to make sure that their employees are cared for you know because this is something that we don't know what's going to happen and it causes anxiety even for the best of us even for um as Jasmine said CEOs and all that they have massive anxieties as well so it doesn't look for oh just because you know you're just an employee or what it just hits anyone and everyone but um with webinars like this you're going to understand how you're going to cope so that when this happens you have the tools your are you have the tools and then you can you know um make sense of why this is happening and understand what to do because if not if you don't have it I'm sorry this is just going to eat you up and that's where a lot of people are at and now is the time to really talk about it and now is the time to ask the question so ask all your questions and we're here all of us are here to talk and to help you in any way we can so thank you Yanni thank you coach Russ thank you Jasmine and um let's start thank you so much uh apps no um anxiety is the fear of the unknown so if you're experiencing anxiety or have experienced anxiety during this lockdown sapi saying it's totally normal I like that your win also is about this the awareness of the people and also this webinar because this is also my win and just a short trivia um the own the first um learning session that Jasmine attended is actually the one that saps was the main facilitator so Ang Ganda they're all here today so yeah um reiterating then on what sap said that now is the time to ask questions so okay thank you so much Jasmine and saps for sharing your wins for today I think we're ready now for our main facilitator are we yes okay I love your thumbs up okay our main facilitator is a well-known International life and wealth a life wealth and transformational Coach he helps people develop a deeper level of awareness and create an impact to the World by starting with oneself this person is the reason why I started my Personal Mastery Journey last year coming from a very negative space and negative mental health um he made me understand who I truly am and embrace my greatness within basically he has helped me transform my life into who I am today um a lot of my friends actually have noticed my transformation over the past couple of months over the past year and yeah I always just give credits to him and I would say he is currently one of the most influential people in my life that's why it's my honor to share him to everyone this afternoon um he's more than just a mentor a leader a coach he's actually a really good friend of mine um so let's give a round Applause to coach Russ Fon thank you and it's such an honor and I'm really proud of you for putting this up thank you so much um Jasmine I honor your authenticity I honor your giving heart just to be an example for people that it's always okay not to be okay and and I truly appreciate you giving that heart and I feel you thank you so much and of course saps um our work really compliment together so again for everyone my name is Ras hon uh please call me Ross um I'm 49 years old today and um I guess my biggest win um I started this journey of coaching myself and coaching other people when I was at age 35 so that was like 14 or 15 years ago because uh 15 years ago at age 35 uh I feel that I was at the peak of my career I was the most successful human being alive that I know for myself and the world never knew about what was going on inside me no and why because I was so afraid to appear not perfect because everyone expects of me to be perfect and I realized that at that moment of my life uh every night I would always pray and cry by myself feeling all alone feeling lonely and the prayer that I have that time was just Lord take away my life and I didn't understand what was going on for me simply because I I guess um everyone sees me as someone who was already you know got it nailed it in my life the success the money and and little did I know the more I get more of this the more I feel drowning deep inside and and yeah being able to seek for a lot of help but nobody knew about it until by accident um I was able to meet a a life coach and automatically the life coach who I met um allowed me to understand what was going on for me at that time okay um I guess the people who I were talking were treating the disease that I thought I have but never the symptom okay and I realized the symptom I had at the time was that I was working to be very very successful so that everyone will get to love me everyone will get to you know approve of me everyone will get to just say you're good you're great and little did I know it was just a revenge for myself because I was living my life proving to everyone I mean literally selling my soul to the work that I do no I I heard jine here I was like a dancing bear whatever my clients would tell me whatever my company would tell me I will do it why for what sake because I thought success and and everyone's appreciation will actually allow me to feel Lov and and and little did I know that it was my little child who was showing up appearing that this little child never felt loved this little child was rejected several times but I guess the most important part here that this little child of mine got the biggest rejection by myself and all myself and and again at age 35 um I guess one thing about me is when I'm some and when I'm in it I go out 100% so it was a huge change because I I actually resigned and left the company the work that allowed me to be very successful for what sake to really get into the core of maybe understanding what was going on for me and more than that taking a look at on a journey from within and because I was starting to Journey from within um I think after a year um I started to just allow myself to be the message of my message that number one okay it's always okay not to be okay okay so which means um I guess I'm I'm so good before in pretending that my life is perfectly working I got it covered I did need your help I'm the one going to help you but again it's it's really being able to understand that in life when you give you should also know how how to receive support from people around you and I got that support okay and up until now I'm building that that that support system from the world AR it's okay not to be okay okay number two when you know that you're okay when you know that it's okay not to be okay take time to feel the emotion okay and and what I learned in life coaching emotions are there for appropriate um situation let's say for example how many of you here sometimes you get angry yeah and anger anger emotion is not bad it is a natural emotion that human being feels okay and it's an appropriate emotion when you feel that something is wrong and you want to take the blame you want the other person to take to pay the prices of what was maybe what was said that was wrong or maybe what you think this person did to you was wrong and you have all the capacity to be angry nothing wrong around it when does it become wrong when the anger now becomes a mood are we clear when the emotion of anger now becomes mood which means how many of you here um you're driving along EDSA it's very smooth and all of a sudden somebody cuts you off and then start the new break what's the appropriate emotion is it happy excited because somebody cut you off or what's up appropriate emotion happiness or anger anger why are you angry because it's wrong to cut off during driving right you're here excited with your life and somebody cuts you off then you're angry right so that's an emotion which means something happened external you are reacted to what's going on then you get angry now when does it become wrong now after one hour you're still angry after two weeks you're still angry after a year becomes angry then it becomes mood and your mood becomes your now personality and your personality now translate all of your result and maybe this is now where all of this depression all of these things that's going on for you and again at the end of the day it's really number two identifying the emotion okay and what we all say stay there enjoy it but number three most important is decide when to release it when he say decide when to release it allow yourself to fill it but let it go give yourself timable okay when it's really deep hurt deep anger deep sadness maybe give yourself a day a two or three but whether you like it or not you will really get over this and you have to because if not your life will be just dragging yourself dragging yourself so again releasing it energetically that's that's something that you can do after you release energetically you now move to the next which is now you taking a look at on how can you now reframe this how can you learn from this how can you grow from this maybe always say the the sayings blessing in disguise some people would always go there without releasing it okay but it's really taking a look on how can I actually look at this as my starting point so I can expand myself to grow myself to be bigger so I can actually prepare myself to create whatever I want in fact my dream life okay and last but not the least number five is the moment you release this and reframe it most important part here is you need to rebuild yourself every day because when you don't rebuild yourself every day the bigger chances here is that you will still get hurt you will still be irritated you will still get upset you will still be sad with all of the things that's going on outside why all of our problem it always start with a change so Yan Moya if I ask you what's the only thing that's permanent in the world change coach change and the reason why we get upset we get angry we get irritated because this is how I want it and something changed external then you could you cannot expand yourself then what I'm trying to say here is my life is not perfectly working but it's perfect with the way I rebuild myself on a day-to-day basis so that whenever something crazy something big something you know frustrating that's going on in my life I will be affected but here's the thing I stay there not for long but be able to address it no and I guess I guess my biggest win if if I may say personally um this week has been I think the the biggest emotional turbulence in my life since January this year okay um I don't know Yan if you remember I had a show with dingdong last Wednesday okay five minutes before the show the news came in it it's really devastating news okay but a lot of people did that notice I was not even shaken with the news okay so what I did for five minutes I acknowledge I release did all my work for poopo shake shake shake shake shake shake shake and then once it like good morning boom after the show I think Yanni we had a talk until the evening and then from the night all the way to 400 a.m. I mourned and cried and poured my heart out and sat down the morning and did my morning routine to rebuild myself which means every day I pause and acknowledge what what's not working in my life what's bothering me and I take deep breath I'm letting it go and every day I take a look at on those people who I feel are upsetting me who I feel are hurting me I pause and I always say I forgive you and I ask that you forgive me that's every day after that I do my gratitude after I do my gratitude I speak out what I want after I speak at what I want I now start to think of how will this day look like as a perfect day painting it but I guess the most important part here is is every day I rebuild myself can everyone just hug yourself go ahead go ahead and the moment you hug day I just allow myself to feel all the love that I can give to myself and perhaps I allow myself to just feel the love that I never felt as a little child being able to give that physical touch that physical hug and perhaps every day I just allow myself to feel whole perfect and just listening to this powerful song Just allowing myself to refal all the hurt the pain that was discharge and just allowing myself to feel all the love I can give to myself you are so beautiful just maybe I show myself Ross you're okay you're great you're powerful you are enough and just having that wonderful wonderful experience of just replenishing that love that I can give to myself okay and after that I Just Surrender everything and allowed myself to go back and releasing it energetically and that's what I do every day I'm not saying I'm not affected yes I'm affected but the faster I move out from the effect from the turmoil the more I can move forward in my life yeah that's my story go ahead Yanni I love it coach every day C acknowledge and acknowledge what's not working um in your life and just let it go um personally I I love the hugging part I love the physical touch that I give to myself every day because that's me filling up my own love tank my own heart in the morning um para again to function and Par replenish the love in me um I love it coach thank you so much um any you maybe I'd like to pause here and ask people who wants to share what's your aha moment or what are you learning so far or what are you feeling around this um if you can just raise your hand I look into your videos um and just share anyone or maybe Jasmine can I call you to share sure I'd love to I had to take off my video a few times when coach Russ was speaking because it really hit home um guys learning from there is that you like even if I'm 20 26 and Coach is you know for for Coach I don't want to say the wrong age 45 yes 49 49 sorry sorry sorry coach darling 49 um even if we have that that difference in age you know it shows you that no matter where you are in life if you have these struggles or you have um similar experiences there are ways to build yourself and from there and it's easy to be like me now you know sometimes you get faced or you kind of get lost in your own thoughts and in your own um background or history so you tend to take it on and and stretch it and like try to deal with it and I know I've been doing that I have issues from when I was a kid that I still hold on to until now and um still gets me is emotional but I I I'm so glad I have something to look forward to because I see how coach has grown and how he's impacted y oh my God but it inspires me so much and I'm just a very emotional person guys so that's why I I feel so much tears right now um I I I'm very quick to also feel the um feel what you guys feel and get touched by that so I think this is a lot and and it's it's making me feel so empowered that I'm hearing um coach Russ speak and I'm seeing everyone here willing to participate so y I think it's that and it's looking forward to that that I picked up from coaching and I and I and one thing I he said that I heard previously in my life but I kind of let go off and never acknowledged again was that emotion or um that was what was said to me by this person who I really like believed in and I held on to and um looked up to so um that that's one of the things that I love uh you said coach thanks guys thank you Jasmine for the akoak say ano baan Naman AKO artista naak din AK yeah anyone else not be sorry for feeling emotion because um as a human being the reason why there's depression because we do not allow ourselves to feel what's real in fact I'm denying myself to feel bad and sometimes I feel bad because I feel bad I mean especially when you grow up uh in the church where any they say magalit and and it's not really you acknowledging that emotion what we always say in life coaching okay is acknowledge the emotion okay but be careful that you don't move this emotion to a mood because your moods will be the context of your life and and all of these emotions by the way are the suppressed and repressed emotions that we never allowed ourselves especially as a little child because all we wanted from the people who's taking care of us was acceptance was love was appreciation and the best way we can give that to them is to not be a bother it's not to speak out it's just to listen and to behave little girls are good girls just behave and maybe I'd like to get up P's um you know understanding of what I just shared that everything that was going on in my life at that moment was really anchored on uh as a little child no so if if I may share Subs no uh at age 35 I was at the peak of my fitness I was at 42 in waistline 240 pounds um and no matter what I do that the diet the exercise it will always go back shrink and Shrink okay so so right now I'm I'm I'm 49 I I I just you see okay um I don't do crazy stuff in my health except maybe if I may share STS and and I I just noticed in my inner healing child the layers that I was handling was actually the layers for so that I won't be hurt again because I experience hurt as a little child and the only way I can get attention is to be a fat boy okay part of that also is is taking a look at again it's all about healing that inner child that up until now that hug for that is really just making that little child feel all the love that he missed and I do that every day go ahead Sams I want to hear from you as as a professional child um heal he child healer do we call that go ahead saps child healer no Baka inner child Russ inner child okay so I'm gonna give you guys I mean some of you guys know me here like Yanni Jasmine Ross um a few others I even have my very own two she's she's like a little baby doll taga for me she's my client she's here chess Trish she's here um when I'm going to explain something about inner child everyone has I don't care who you are but here's the thing you don't have one you have a lot of them now how does this happen fourth month of pregnancy of your mom fourth month fourth day until your seven we have a critical filter so I'm going to give you an example this is your critical filter it's open so you keep getting all the emotions from your mom when she's pregnant with you when you were few months old one year old two years old until seven after that this shuts permanently now I don't know how to shut this okay so this shuts permanently and we have trapped emotions so for example when you're young um you go to school or you have a sister or you have a brother and you didn't understand something because it was a it was a tough day for you and we carry baggage as human human beings and we say it in our tone so maybe I'm just saying this is all maybe maybe your mother must have said an now we're not understanding it but we take that emotion and we keep it somewhere where does it go it goes into the critical filter and when it goes into the critical filter this is what happens to us it becomes more and more and more instead of sadness and happiness it becomes more of that sadness and when your cup overflows with all those emotions you start to show that in your adult life your boss may say something again wow I remember that I've heard that before because you've not dealt with that emotion now Russ said something a while ago I totally agree with what he says release your emotion but two things do not harm yourself and don't ever harm another person why because everything that we do on Earth is a lesson there's always a lesson to learn what is this lesson why is it showing up in my movie Why is it showing up in my in in my world what is this trying to teach me what is this person trying to teach me now this is where I I I I tell a lot of people my clients the webinar reparent yourself what does that mean give the love kindness compassion to yourself and when you have enough of that you then go if you're comfortable you then go to your parent who did not give that to you and show them that love as well why because they are children as well and we parent based on how we were parented so don't expect your parents to give you everything because they didn't get it as well so if you feel what is it that you want now in in the world of social media where all of us are coming out and speaking what is it that you want be clear about what you want and get it for yourself now emotions stay in the body and the sad part about it is two things you hurt yourself all the time always how by speaking ill of yourself I'm not good I'm not good enough I'm not worthy enough I'm not and the list goes on and second of all because of that emotion that stays by the way in the liver because all our emotions have its place in the body we carry that unnecessary weight with us not weight weight but un un necessary emotion that weight which turns to anger because we cannot speak Our Truth we cannot because we don't know how but we should be knowing how so hugging yourself telling yourself it's going to be okay but the most important thing is I love you and I'm sorry you've been through I I'm sorry for whatever it is that you've been through I'm so sorry I'm here for you now I'm not going to leave you I'm here I'm here it's you and me kid please forgive me I'm sorry thank you I love you why do you love this inner child because this child is you again when I say inner child does not mean child it can be you of yesterday so when Russ did if Russ does not process what happened Wednesday that will quickly become an inner child and in that box of sadness happiness It's Quickly going to go in the sadness and that sad file will keep multiplying and multiplying and multiplying and then we eat based on our emotion that's why we love the Comfort Savory food the salty fatty food because we're eating our emotions and then it's going to manifest in the body what is a disease diseas is disease when we're not at ease with something but make no mistake it starts off with the mind because the mind does two things for you predicts and it keeps you safe now how many of you watch Joker the movie how was it it was constantly telling the the mind was constantly telling him things he thought he needed to hear and when he heard the truth he lashed out because that wasn't and that became his identity whatever his mother told him because the mind is so good at telling you Tales it's not a bad thing it's just that's what the Mind does and what does it do it's to keep the inner children safe so there's a very thin veil called ego to keep the inner children safe and that ego is going to predict and that ego is going to tell you more stories about what is that never going to tell you a good story it will tell you tomorrow when we're out of ecq or are we in gcq things are going to be hard do we know that for sure no but the brain the mind will protect you so it will create a story and guess what we're going to fall for that story and the body because the the mind is here the body will just say I'm responding to what you're saying so what you've predicted what you're telling me what will happen anxiety will happen sweaty Palms can't sleep hyper acidity the stories have already gone to December 2020 when we're still in May 2020 we've already predicted a horrible story for ourselves so this is where I urge you when you come to webinars like this and you're learning you have the power to rewrite stories in your mind how when you're falling in a pit hole you tell yourself uhuh okay I I kind of don't like that I kind of don't like that start somewhere okay I don't like that so I feel and I'm already like predicting these things how about we predict something good why because that's the placebo effect remember placebo effect when you're in a state of positivity you're going to get nothing but positivity and at the same time please I because of my work I know what it does inner child please protect your inner children why because when anxiety comes up for example you have so much I don't know who but let's say for example somebody's feeling so much of anxiety towards work mind you they know what it's like to not have work they've been there so it's coming up strong it's coming up fast because they know what it's like because it's happened to them for people that don't feel anxiety it's not happened it's not happened to them that's why something else has happened to them but we've all gone through something my childhood was horrible horrible hence I'm here Russ is here but we've done something we've changed that we've turned our lives around I've gone I've was deep into therapy because I needed it out out talking about anger my anger was so bad um I would drive like a man I would drive like I would want to crash my car that was so much of anger festering in me because I had no outlet and then it didn't help that I love to drink it didn't help that I was constantly going out when I was when I started to remember what was happening to me I was on my knees and I was like I'm broken in a million pieces please I need some help I wanted it very organic I wanted it natural and the most important thing that I did was to meet my inner children and love them for all that they are and all that they're not because to me they're the ones that kept me safe that's why I'm here because I wanted to die and ask God so why am I still alive but guess what now I'm living my purpose and for people that are going through anxiety and depression it's real let's not judge others going through it let's not not judge ourselves but please be good to yourself and be kind to yourself and the most important thing is have faith because when we lose our faith in ourselves and in God all these things can creep into your mind you know like what's going to happen tomorrow do I still have work what's going to go you know what's going to happen in two years what about my kids like this that that that that all these stories because the mind is such a great Storyteller and later before we end I'm going to be doing what Russ was doing tapping so we're goingon to be doing tapping on to release anxiety from the body because it's about time and the most important thing is I'm going to share this with you go do your work whatever work that is it just so happened my work is meshed together with my job but my purpose is to be here with you that's my purpose because I work for the Universe I work for God and every single person has a purpose when we're in a state of quandry when we're looking for that because we found our purpose yet and be kind to yourself because you're going to find it and when you find it it's going to be okay whatever that is I'm not saying tomorrow go be a therapist like us or life coach like us you know you could be I don't know volunteering somewhere like have a soup kitchen for all we care as long as you're doing the work of the universe awesome and don't love it and don't don't don't get angry with the people in your past because because they they're there to shape you to the person that you are right now remember we choose our parents we chose our parents yeah did I talk too much I love it love I mean SS I love what you're saying because it's really makes sense um and and I love it that that maybe for for some people to really understand this uh on on a on a language um always remember that negative charge I have against another person it's a negative charge I have against myself okay H number two hurt people hurt people which means if there are people in my life that are hurting me because they're simply hurting the inside so it's either I take it in and take it personally or just take a deep breath and taking a look at it because again especially people who raised up us who raised me number one there were never school for parents number two they're just coming from how they were raised by their maybe and number three they're going on they're also going through a lot with their inner child that was showing up for you so it's the best way really I said Okay first recognize I feel shitty release it energetically responsibly release it energetically responsibly so which means last last Thursday I did not confront people to tell them how I felt da da da da da da da I released it responsibly through my inner inner work okay and then my hug that day was just imagining the person who I felt really got hurt the most and all I said was just I love you you are forgiven please forgive me if there's anything I did to you but you are forgiven you are forgiven I love you I love you I love you and that was my healing myself so I can heal the person who is actually not in the country okay and and again we were all programmed that the moment we are resentful which means okay the programming here is from the resentment we move directly to resistance which means it's either I don't want to talk about it okay it's a flight or fight mode okay and the moment you stay there in the resistance mode you move to the next hour which is Revenge it's either I want to hurt this person but you know what the the worst revenge is because you're hurting yourself because you're keeping this and all your life it's all about what regrets my suggestion here is uh the moment okay because your mind will lie to you you say Okay Lang my lesson but your heart is angry again first listen to how you feel do not deny yourself from feeling so again this is what we call awareness okay and if I can give you a a quick exercise around awareness can everyone sit up straight sit up tall and I just want you to take deep breath in six seconds exhale one more time exhale last time inhale exhale okay so which means the moment you feel bad treat the moment you feel negative the moment you feel hurt don't act right away pause move back heal and just breathe in breathe out this is what we call mindfulness this is what we call awareness and the next awareness here is whatever is going on outside that's inside me whatever is going going on outside that's inside me so therefore I want to start taking care of me before I start to act on it and that's where awareness comes in it's an exercise for you to pause for you to recognize for you to understand that you always have a moment of Choice versus reaction reaction that's why it's called responsibility because I have the ability to respond by not going and diving into it right way but just push back and breathe exhale and maybe asking myself what do I want to grow myself from this how do I want to allow myself to go through this how can I learn about this how how can I just turn this into something that I can truly grow and that's a practice that you can do that's why if if possible you know do your research look at meditation look at mindfulness look at all of this because that is the Ultimate key so that I don't get trapped just like what sap was saying everything starts here the mental illness becomes now an emotional pain the mental pain becomes an emotional pain and the moment you stay in the emotional pain long enough your body is not at ease it it it now becomes diseased then it now moves to a physical pain then you stay there long enough it becomes disease until how many years it becomes cancer and it's really you now understanding that the end of the day it's just you being able to like what was saying go to the Natural Way healing yourself because there's a lot of means and ways that perhaps I love saps would actually later on um maybe give us some tools most powerful tool believe me I have two cousins went in coid in UK I gave them EFT all of a sudden after a day he said it's gone EFT really works okay so I'll pause here Yanni uh any comment that you you love to read and just allow people to be engaged in our conversation yeah coach um I'm reading actually I got a message no through rainel who's actually texting everyone um Sabi I hope you will save this live through your Facebook page P I would love to go back on this live every day to remind me every day with all of these learning so I'm just in tears I'm understanding everything slowly thank you for this opportunity um on our chat we have may saying in releasing emotions sain isaps number one do not harm yourself and number two of course do not harm others um everything we do on Earth is a lesson um Coach Jill of course saying love the sincerity and genuiness of everyone uh a lot of turmoil okay my saps do not harm yourself hit me an Sabi ni Jen it reminds me of my experience nine years ago when I was about to commit suicide um thank you for this talk and did a reminder that life is wonderful um a lot of comments uh you mentioned earlier that there's also a live yes it's currently live um on my Facebook page it's facebook.com SL coach yanim Moya so if you just check it out you can share it so that more people can understand what's happening and more people can learn from all our speakers this afternoon so yeah just leave your comments here and um we'll proceed coach yeah i' I'd like to ask Coach Jill uh as she's raising her hand go ahead Jill yes coach um I just got reminded no with what you just shared and what um saps also shared about the placebo effect um I just want to share with everybody h a resource that you might want to dive into as well it's from Dr Joe despenza he's the author of you are the placebo so it talks about um without relying on any external substances you can actually um make internal changes in your health and ultimately in your life no so um it's a really powerful tool as well he shares meditation or prayer that can also support us or even the six Spas meditation that uh Russ and a quest with Yanni also do L thank you coach awesome thank is also raising her hand go ahead Z you know the story of Joe dispensa is phenomenal yeah I absolutely love it go ahead sa with his own mind because he's a th athlete okay and with um he got hit by a he was in a his uh this was in the 80s um he was in his um bicycle trying to do whatever they do clearly I'm not that athletic so anyways a big bus hit him from behind and he just fell and he hit um his back and he was rushed to the hospital and the doctor said that because it's a it's it was it's a spine you're never going to be able to walk again and he said that's not going to happen he used the power of his mind guys the the mind he fixed vertebrae by vertebrae by vertebrae to make sure that he was going to walk again doctor said not going to happen he was able to do it in few months walk out and be on the bike again and that's the power of your mind but one thing I just want to say something before I forget we are not bad people we don't come here on Earth to take revenge when a baby is born the baby is nothing but happy we don't choose color of skin we don't choose anything we just are love we want our mom we want the people near us like our parents or whatever we come here love is our DNA it's who we are so the heart is never going to tell you to be angry the heart will always tell you to forgive the heart will tell you it's about time to release but the mind is going to tell you a backstory do you remember what that person did do you remember this this this this all the files are going to start to come out yeah and when this and this are not together that's what's going to happen now to just to be clear about because some people know me here know my work some people people don't um there's density in the body so that emotion that has happened one too many times looks for density in the body and that's where the disease H it needs to store somewhere where there's density so we look at um the body Finds Its place do you want me to give you an example of one disease and let's look for the metaphysical let's see um what do you want and break lower back pain okay when you don't support yourself the back represents support when you don't when you're hoping that others are going to support you example my husband is going to support me my wife is gonna do support yourself it's your back it's your spinal it's your Lumber system system it's your system how about neck pain neck pain here it's we're here it's money it's money it's because you're constantly worried about money now amama Val Valenzuela cancer can you tell me what cancer how about headache anger breast cancer wait hold on guys ma Valenzuela breast cancer is um deep upset of an inner child towards mom why because she felt she wasn't nurtured or he wasn't nurtured it's a mother issue um chronic I'm just gonna answer one more otherwise it's never gonna end yeah yeah chronic um what's this lung cancer Ryan contras lung cancer is when you store a lot of unprocessed emotions grief and sadness in your lungs can I share something uh there was a time in last year it's really my throat it's always dry I no matter how much and when I I started reading about what's the meta whatever meta what but meta physical yeah there's something or someone in my life that is hard to swallow the moment I dealt with that person and say hey it's not working anymore I love you and I will miss you goodbye aat the thing you could not speak your truth that's it so there's this lump here um two more things I want to answer kidney um H kidneys is fear fear towards mother father because you have two um stroke is when you have lost um joy in your life saps did I get that right you call all of these uh metaphysical illnesses did I did I get that right because because the body will hold on to that for you so for me um in my studies I've gone into liver because the liver is the most important um organ in the body because it purifies your your your blood which you need so liver holds on to anger resentment jealousy come on raise our hands we all have it we all have it come on Jill you don't have anger yeah I do I do I was just actually what's gonna happen is we eat also based on that emotion so we like the fatty food we like the sweets the Yanni the the the non-stop milk teas and all that the sugar I call her out every webinar every post on Instagram St but understand and the reason why I'm saying this is befriend your body befriend your body your body is surviving for you it's taking a beating every single day just to keep you alive and so when you do your I love you thank you please forgive me go to your organ that needs it so for example if there's no there's no organ that that's the issue in your meditation thank you eyes for seeing the beauty of the world thank you ears because I can hear the sound of nature and the sound of my mom's voice and I can hear my own voice thank you lips thank you mouth because I'm speaking my truth thank you thyroid because I'm speaking my truth thank you you go to every part of your body because your body listens to you in fact fact no that areas in your body that you don't like love handles thank them because they will they will actually cooperate and they will go to the place seriously I mean seriously I tested it saps and I started holding my Thum and say I love you I care for you I appreciate you and I want you to go to a places where you want to be and they started going up and and seriously I I tested it at at 49 I I I just took a photo of myself today it it worked it worked it worked seriously but but the way you do it is not just words because words are just s% 38% is the emotion it's just really your body feels that appreciation your heart is beating for you it's so alive thank you your your heart has not missed a beat exactly okay in fact I kiss my knees and say thank you you're working for me this fingers thank you so much okay just appreciate I started appreciating my hair it's growing already I mean seriously it's it's it's it's so miraculous and I test it every day and it allowed me to really feel young feel good and more than that it's not just that but it's really what I do after what I do my daily morning routine is to really take care of my body yeah but many people will say um well I have nothing to hide I'm vain I'm super vade but I love the body that I'm in why because my soul is in my body yeah so if I don't take care of my body how will my soul Thrive and how will I live my purpose with passion um so I that's why I'm I'm not saying um to anyone but like the choices that I've made for myself like I don't drink alcohol anymore except once in a while drink red wine or I'm plant-based because I love the body that I'm in not in a vain way but because my soul needs to thrive because because I'm still here I'm working on my mission and I need my body because I I can't kind of go out to Reston and buy another body right it's not gonna happen it's not possible if possible then everyone will do that SS just just to make sure that that uh everyone's on track with us no perhaps uh we can give them some tools uh to allow them the moment they feel anxious the moment they feel worried the moment they feel that they're into it um again maybe let's just exchange practices um uh for me uh one of the things that that the moment um I mean I can I don't know a lot of people knows me really here uh a lot no um you may think that I'm the most positive human being alive you may think so okay not all the time but the moment I see myself going down the hill saps okay it's because I just asked myself what did I do the other day no uh there was a time during the gcq I started watching a a a series in Netflix and the series was all about rape murder until I spent 13 hours of all rape murder anger betrayal etc etc and then I slept really dark and I woke up really heavy and I and and you know negative news came in I started creeping my body and I noticed myself anxious so again the first to lady ladies and gentlemen is watch what you feed your mind because whatever you feed your mind it will be reinforced with that small voice and the small voice that's always going for me is you are unloved no one likes you you're not good enough and the moment I start feeding this with all of the movies with all of the videos that's that's pulling me down that's why Jasmine you were told not to do social media because the moment you open social media people are bashing each other people are celebrating whatever mistake that they perceive to be and you get affected why because I'm exposed to this and they're laughing about her and I'm laughing about about her and I started creating a joke around it but here's the thing I absorb it as if I'm I'm hurting uh whoever she is no that's popular right now but I'm actually hurting why because I Expos myself I indulged myself I enjoyed myself and little did I know this is how I move the whole day go ahead Jasmine yeah yes coach I agree um that's definitely what I feel whenever I I I'm consuming all of these like uh even just words you know tweets of people or comments of people on a certain video when when you indulge and when you let yourself accept all of that information CU it starts to make my brain think at least that's something I didn't see and then your brain just trickles off into this like you know thinking of that issue or thinking of that um that that news article or even that Scandal or chees M and it's not your reality you know and it's not it's not vital for your survival and you're allowing yourself to consume that and and it gets in the way and then it it impedes on my growth and and on my chances of allowing myself to transform because you it's not what I need and I allow myself to consume it it's like food um much like what saps was saying that you know like you know what's right for your body and but we tend to go to the comfort and we we want to choose that because it gives us that comfort and maybe for some people going on social media gives them a sense of comfort because they can and voice out their opinions but at the same time um it's not just you now putting out that opinion it's other people consuming that opinion so it's it's also about being responsible and I felt like being on that platform and um doing just watching or not maybe maybe not even speaking up responsibly about it it made me feel so useless it made me feel like I'm not um doing something about it but at the same time that's not my responsibility all the time and I had to give myself that acknowledgement responsibility to correct everyone on social media responsility in your political beliefs or whatever whatever beliefs in in the world be it religious or political and we just stand to get ahead of ourselves because we now see that there's a platform for everyone to speak but we disregard the responsibility that comes with it so I'm I'm trying to learn that responsibility again um I I I've known it from the start but sh and and you I just had to put myself back there again coach and kind of like learn to be responsible again so that I don't hurt people or I don't add to the to that environment perfect can I say something go ahead please 26 um Jasmine is very smart you're very smart and you got to learn to love yourself because you have a lot of wisdom in you you know when to say no and you know when to say yes at 40 something a lot of people don't even know half of what you know so I'm glad that you're quiet when you see you need to be quiet and I'm glad that you're not um burning yourself out out yeah because when the dust settles you have you can you're holding the space for a lot of people so right now you're actually resting and rejuvenating because a lot of people are going to come to you but you should know the difference because a lot of them want your positivity okay and it's not your job to give it to everybody just as not just for Jasmine for everyone here it's not your job to give what you don't have okay and if you do have a little bit then you can but make sure that you don't go empty that's just what I wanted to say very nice that's why I don't like social media sorry and I just to add sorry coach um I'm also very thankful for my psychiatrist and my life coach um in the last 10 years I I've I've gone through a few people but you know I I definitely picked up many different learnings from all of them and uh I'm I'm glad I can share it as early as this age because I feel like especially um you know people exposed to all this technology and not knowing what it is to live a slow life or at least a life that you're actually in contact with people um I I feel like maybe not enough is being done to also get the information across to them or to teach them that um and I'm I'm I'm in a way you know Advantage go to have that kind of background in my childhood that made me seek a psychologist or a coach a life coach so um thank you it's not all me I had a lot of help and I'm glad I I have also good friends now that can give me that the support um once they saw me giving me my my full support too awesome awesome I truly appreciate you sharing um Jasmine and and really taking a look at on how you can serve yourself first so you can serve other people and it's a lifelong journey never ending serving yourself because when you start feeling yourself it will just flow naturally again I'll go back before I bring this back to Yan most important part here is be careful the input you put in here because because what you put in here becomes a mental pain and a mental pain becomes an emotional pain an emotional pain becomes a physical pain and and and and just be very careful with what you pray to your mind so having said that Yanni go ahead questions comments from our from coach I think we have a question from Jella go ahead or do you want me to read your comment see okay read Nang Daw okay um just I think this is for UPS no for us to avoid to have those illnesses we have to speak our truth but what do we need to do for on for us to speak that truth and surpass the fear of speaking the truth yeah I wish we could touch more on this saps again sorry I I couldn't understand the question I couldn't hear you okay so question is for us to avoid those illnesses the ones he said about metaphysical um we have to speak Our Truth and what do we need to do for us to speak the truth and surpass the fear of speaking the truth well first of all um it depends on what the illness is because not everything is um if I tell you go speak your truth you're going to speak with a lot of anger because there's a lot of resentment I didn't say go speak your truth I said Speak Your Truth sometimes you don't even need to do that to another person who's hurt you you don't need to go and say you hurt hurt me but you need to understand that that person is just a mirror in your life and that you who you really hurt was actually yourself so have that internal conversation with your own self and when you keep doing that and keep loving yourself and keep holding the space for yourself and forgiving yourself for feeling those emotions or whatever it is that you went through I'm not going to I'm not going to sit here and try to understand what you went through because I don't know anything um you don't need to feel like you have to tell this other person how you felt because when you do that you're coming from a space of ego and sometimes where you're at is not where they're at and you have to learn to just let that go and you have to learn to forgive yourself for that moment you didn't know any better we all don't know a lot of things we're learning every single day for it not to become a disease well don't fret don't live your life now with whatever it is that you learn in in anxiety like oh my God oh my God this is what happened to me now this is I'm going to get sick because again with the placebo effect you're gonna get sick because you're attracting it it's the energy that you're putting towards not getting sick just I think I think what we're going to do in the next few the tapping I'll try to focus in as much for I'll hold this space for you guys and then we'll see what comes up you don't need to come you don't need to say anything you just need to feel your emotions because your emotions are your guide emotions is happiness sadness jealousy whatever it is these are emotions but understand that we are always going to have these emotions we just want want it to be a more positive one and um speaking your truth the most importantly is speak kind words to yourself don't degrade yourself don't say bad things about yourself don't say um don't say that you're so T you're so G you're so G don't speak that way to yourself and um be yourself I love myself I'm learning every single day and I'm GNA do better yeah what I got from that saps is just um be kind to yourself and say all this good things to yourself first um I think what Jella meant here and what saps was mentioning about the speaking the truth is if you get your the the meaning of throat the metaphysical meaning of hurting I know throat hurting Tama ba am I right actually in order for me to dissect it what is the presenting so that it can we can go opportunity to be coach Jella where are you go ahead I want to answer this one sec question Christine to everyone my question is depression genetics no nothing is genetics lifestyle is genetics true go ahead Jella go ahead hi hello good afternoon po hi good afternoon Jella okay I was just asking cuz uh we've been dwelling on um uh more on speaking uh good to ourself it's like more of self-love isn't it so for example um and then how we want to resolve the so um how do we surpass the fear of maybe if confr confronting is not the best way to do it uh what would be well I ask this question why is it disrupting your P I'm sorry sorry I didn't get I'll ask this question why is it disrupting your peace because if it's disrupting your peace it's something that you have to change within your self do you understand yes if it's that we don't like about another person is this is this uh something that I'm understanding you don't like this about that person it's not that person it's you you have change that because that person is just showing you this person is an actor trying to portray a role right so it's still me and how I am going to it's always about you yes is always about you it will always be about you it's always going to be you you you lessons everything Journey everything's all yours in this realm of this world we meet people in our lives to teach us about ourselves but we don't like the teacher that's the thing so when you go to school and the like let's say your grade three you like um your English teacher you like your span you you sorry Spanish you like your English teacher you like your science teacher but you hate your math teacher you hate your math teacher and the fact that you hate your math teacher you're never going to excel in math because she's just teaching you something that you need to know because you need to know that 6 time three is 18 but you don't want to learn it and then you made it personal you made it very personal she's like this and you know you're not thinking about what she's doing you're you're like she's like this she's she's so masama she's like this she's like that all these qu all these stories in your head but she's just trying to teach you six times 3 is 18 but you don't want to learn it so can you progress to um the next level when you don't even know what six time three is no so there you go thank you thank you coach saps saps no and Angella it's really the awareness that whatever is going on outside your world it's a direct reflection of what's inside the reason why I am angry with this person is not because of what he did or what he said to me it's because there's anger in my heart did that make sense J and and it's really just awareness that it's never about them but it's about what can I deal with me so when I see this person I see this person differently already because obviously whoever comes into my life they have a big lesson because it's easy to take away people in my life that that's easy however the next person who will come in in my life will still be the same or even worse but different name different maybe color different um form but it's still showing up because I haven't learned that lesson in me and and that's what I call awareness that when I don't feel right about something I go deep inside what is it about me that I'm reacting this way what is it what's going on in side and maybe the bigger question here is uh like today I just posted something okay people who are perceived to be difficult to be in relationship with is God's greatest gift for me to expand my capacity to love and forgive that's their lesson for me that's why um um at the end of the day that's why I call it bugs in my seminar and the reason why people are not moving forward the reason why maybe people are depressed because we carry internal bags okay b stands for blame no I'm miserable because this is what he did to me okay and then if you cannot blame this person anymore you you turn to letter A which is anger now I'm angry so no one can touch you because you're angry already and people have to understand you and then because you're done with your anger you now move to guilt I should have that done it it has okay and then you move to the last letter G is what the S is what you call shame then you take it on you so you notice all of this B A GS it's still directed towards me that's why there's heaviness in my heart because I want to blame others of my misery I'm angry because this what they said okay and then after this b and a that guilt is actually an anger directed towards myself and the shame is expectation of others that you have not been meeting and and people people are playing their Bugs game all the time not unless you are aware that whatever is going on external it's what's inside it's showing up what did you get from that Jella a lot a lot of realizations Coach R and um it's more on really in myself e it starts within myself talaga maybe an know well listening no I just I just get reminded of my uh misunderstanding with my one of my colleagues about political views it's just we have different political views and what's really happening now was really pressing and it's just that I think what I did there was I was angry but I was able to contain it in myself and I just tried to understand her view which is different from my view but um when I got hurt because she was telling me I'm being apathetic on what's Happening I just it makes me angry of course but I think um the what I did there was I think the best for us I just told her my side and I I know in myself that I I understand her but there's really really nothing's going to happen if we're just going to burst our anger in each other so I think um I really realized that it's really important for me to just pause for a while and then understand what's happening and um just be understanding of of others and if we're have if we have different views uh I shouldn't just go bump with her and say no My Views is right and yours is wrong no we just have to yes we have we have our own voice but we just have to respect it's just a top of it is to just have respect for each other ego yes you're gonna you're gonna meet a lot of people like that in your life yeah I think so the number one biggest Addiction in the world people would rather die is really the need to be right that's the biggest addiction that's why people get into cancer that's why there's war there's there's broken family broken relationship because I want to be right nothing wrong about being right but because if I want to be right that makes you wrong and maybe there's no conflict and say okay that's your opinion great thank you I appreciate you sharing opinion God bless you will there be conflict no which means I'm suspending my need be right because you're right about your opinion and I have my own opinion it's separate but here's the thing I respect I honor you with your opinion God bless you and cut it cut the conversation after W that's what sa is saying eego is the biggest Addiction in the world in fact 99.99% including I have an ego need how do I know I have an ego need I get offended I get irritation I get upset I'm this is not right you're wrong you're wrong I'm right you're that's where all the P comes in but can I say something the ego has to we have good and bad ego the good is to save us the bad is to keep us you know to like I said to to keep that Veil for your inner children but when you make the ego your friend meaning what Russ is saying that we're aware that there's that ego like oh my God you're there I then we make better choices for ourselves our ego is not going to die awareness come it it comes with us because it's there it's like a compass it's a compass to keep to to to guide us wherever we need to go but it can either rule our lives or we rule the ego but when this situation happens don't extend or don't give out any more energy that you freaking don't have right now and you're giving it off to somebody else you know what I mean because right now in this crisis that we're in we're all feeling a lot of emotions and keep that energy for yourself don't waste it on other people and their political VI views because we're they're always going to have uh views because that's the spice of life yeah and when you understand that you just know when to bow out and say this is not this is not worth my time you know what's the opposite of ego Jella what stands for according to Wayne D edging God out which means this is wrong what you're saying is God you're wrong the opposite of ego is God okay according to Wayne dire okay why because when you when I am on my ego mode I feel bad okay but when I am not on my ego mode I feel good so therefore the goal here is just to feel good because when I feel good I feel God why because God is good but what's taking me away from this connection to the source to the universe or to my God Almighty is my ego need to be right that they're wrong and again what you need to watch out what you need to be aware of is your feelings when I feel bad today okay what's my ego need okay my ego need to be heard my ego need to be recognized my ego need to be whatever your ego need that was not fed that's why you felt bad and you have a moment to pause and take a deep breath do I let go of this ego or that that was what was saying the dark side of the ego will win because your choice is to fight back to resist or I let go and be friends okay the ego is showing up okay F my ego what is this teaching me how can I be best friends with this okay I can grow with this now I'm excited because I am now overcoming this ego need to be what to be liked to be approved uh all of this ego good thank you thank you Jella a lot of people learn from your sharing and your story I think Jasmine was Raising her hand Yeah question about being reactive to political views and I guess I could be somewhat of um an example because my boyfriend and I he's in politics and his family is also in politics and you know we have very different views sometimes politics and definitely that can come to a lot of arguments or um disagreements among friends even couples or marriages and families I'm sure parents are fighting with kids and Etc about certain political views and it's happening all over the world and the thing is you like what coach and sap said it's about resp respect and it's about knowing that not going to let this enter my peace I'm not going to let this external Factor directly you know you you can't impact that all on your own it's We're a nation it's a community thing um don't take it upon yourself to hold that responsibility because we all have our own views and we all we all learn to grow from our views and sometimes people people um people also teach you other things by their views and just welcome it if you if you have the time if you have enough peace within yourself to welcome what they have to say let them so that they get to say their peace and um let out what's in their head but don't shut it down don't shut them down um because uh they have their own they have their own realities or perspectives also and you wouldn't want that to done to you either and so that's one thing I I learned over the last four years of being with my boyfriend you know there are a lot of things we don't agree on not just political um but I learn to engage in those conversations but also distance or end the conversations when I feel like from it or um learn from each other from it CU what's more important is our relationship and what we share together and the love that we have for each other so just because of a political view we let that end our relationship or destroy it and I would hate for that to happen for anyone even your friends your your family members you know um and it kind of brings me back to what um sap said now when it comes to your parents even if you have uh bad experiences with them and you've learned to love yourself and take care of your inner child you know you have to learn to give that back to them too because they were once's children and it for me kind of goes the same with these political views you know you have to learn to give that love of um agreeing to disagree with that person because they learn to believe that somewhere somehow by influence and you're not GNA get to the root of that just by fighting them um so you there there's that room for me to need to understand my partner and need to also um understand that love um of course it's it's a factor right I know people say it should be like they they reflect what what you also believe in or your views or whatever and sure that's all like you know that's in a perfect Utopia but the thing is we don't always agree with our partners or our family members on every and we just have to have that patience for ourselves and peace for ourselves and I think learn on my own but now I'm also hearing um other things that coach Russ said and also SS with the bags um what is it blame um um anger and then guilt and then shame I've gone through that um before when I when I would engage in my uh conversations with my boyfriend I would fight him and I would really get into it and you know it would come to a but that's not healthy either um and it doesn't allow both of us to see each other grow or or understand perspectives umur if I can share Nang quickly Lang um for me when it comes to politics I've grown to understand that uh there's more than one person in the government that um is working and there are more than those that we see on the platforms that they have in the government so we have to understand that let us not take that responsibility to correct that um a good a good let's learn to grow and let's find the proper resources to correct it or to uh progress for change CU just by ranting on social media if you say that's allowing you to put out your fre Free Speech also think of how you're impacting other people with your free speech so you I I guess I just wanted to share that because I definitely feel that um at home with with my boyfriend but we don't let it get to us because it's it's more important to love and give that room for each other's individuality as well comment Jasmine super late super late super late so um you know what I realize uh having done work with uh people all over the world for the past 15 years especially in a romantic relationship no I always believe that a romantic relationship is your soulmate because they're the perfect people who can push the right button for you to go frenzy okay but the only question here is is my love bigger than my need to be right yes coach exactly I think that was in a short sense yeah that's exactly my point and I would always say no you need not to understand people because you really don't understand okay but maybe the bigger word for understanding is understand versus okay but you know what I love you no matter what no I mean especially parents NOA nil Lang so which means I mean just just notice all of this playing in family that the need to be right is bigger than my love for people to accept where they are at at that moment I'm not saying I tolerate it but I accept where they are at at that moment and being able to just love them no matter what Goan I love that coach um love and respect over ego um okay so I'll just read a few comments here okaya Lang yeah some people okay from Denzel some people have trash childhoods and that's why they're the way they are but at some point you got to take accountability and decide you want to be better for yourself love that so it from room um what why are polit why are people so reactive when it comes to their political views an is it something to do with how they are they were brought up coach uh personally it's still belief system I mean uh I don't want to talk about politics uh because I have my point of view um no matter how much I bring in my point of view versus the opposite point of view um it's going to be a total war so what I always say okay consciousness of people are that's where they are at that moment and and my only role here is bless whoever is in the government because that's my contribution more than just speaking ill that's that's my personal take on that um again I I have my own point of view I don't want to even share about here because again I grew up in d uh the the president is a is a second cast of my dad and all of these things so no matter how much you know people say I have that and the opposite I don't even see it so that's that's how belief systems are but most probably I I have got outgrown this and just bless everyone including the other side which means I only want to speak good I only want to speak of what I want for myself period SS any take on Pol politics I also don't want to talk about politics but I will tell you something um we pick up things from um our parents so we um growing up if they had very um heightened views or you know at home they're very um how should I say this um you know um they're they're very passionate about um politics we as children pick that up why because we pick up everything we're sponges so when we pick that up we identify it as that's who we are so we're role playing as well so later on we have the same views because we we picked it up from somewhere so I basically don't come from a home that's very political so I don't have any views on politics accept that um I want to focus on the world that I live in I want to focus on myself um I want to focus on my good I want to focus on bettering myself and um when I'm good it will translate into the world outside so that's what I that's what I want to focus on um politics no it doesn't interest me I'd rather worry about me awesome thanks Jasmine any comment about the question yeah I I I think I just have to add on to what sap said that's that's definitely what I'm doing um there's a lot of things that I could be ranting about on social media and joining all my contemporaries about their anger of a certain issue and this and that but the thing is right now um I I can say for myself that that is not my pressing pre pressing matter or issue issue and I I really need to be focused on what is more important to me right now which is myself my family and um making sure that I'm okay with um my health mentally physically emotionally but also um if any of my family members might need me you know I want to be able to be there um so that's why I I would rather not kind of dive into that um Rabbit Hole of political conversation especially if you know it will not go anywhere or if it will not be constructive for both or all participants in that conversation awesome thanks Jasmine so having said that uh maybe this is how I want this to run no um in a moment I'll be showing a quick video um being able to just allow everyone including myself to know what's the root cause of all of this fear doubt anxiety okay it's again a belief system that a lot of people carry um because I have an obsession around um people who I thought got it nailed it created the enormous amount of success uh which means from so business and they killed themselves and the common denominator is um the small voice that I want you to identify in this quick video okay um after that Small Voice um I would I would if if sapsis okay uh we can start working on that issue uh we in in coaching we call that your general assessment about yourself the meaning that you put into the identity that you put into that you start collecting evidence that yes this is my identity even though it's not serving me you start collecting evidence and then after which maybe saps will get us through EFT to start working on it and hopefully you actually practice this whenever you you need it I always practice the the EFT with saps and then we'll close it with uh guiding you through in making sure that you start rebuilding yourself through the exercise that I do every day and I guess a lot of people uh was able to get it and use it to themselves that they transform themselves would that be okay yes awesome so I'll show a quick video and this video is from oh this my Facebook um Whitney Houston oh shoots who was once the most up until now maybe the best pop star in the world uh pop [Applause] Superstar but he was scared arguably the biggest pop star in the world wasn't sure if she was good enough she didn't think she looked right there were a thousand things to her that seemed wrong said I have this movie you're who I'm thinking of I'm not thinking anybody else you know it's almost yours to lose or to take can can I pull this I'm well trained all that kind of stuff something hit me one day and it said well you know Whit um there will probably never be another role like this for a woman especially a black woman to do you know there was a time when I identified Rachel so much I was threatened and um there was a letter sent to me and um you know the guy threatened me and said that he would take me out you know I um I thought about it for a second I thought maybe I shouldn't go on you but there's 19,000 people I held her hand and told her that she was beautiful I told her that I would be with every step of the way everyone but I could still feel the he said don't worry he said I will be there with you and he said believe me you you're going to be natural at it he said you're G to be just great in this film and I'm just going well how do you know this I had a miscou during the filming of The Bodyguard it was very painful emotionally and physically I was back on the set the next day cares Kevin really cares Kevin takes the time no matter how dark things get for any of us I mean if we can somehow hold on our life can be in a really different place a couple years from now the Whitney I knew despite her success and worldwide Fame still wondered am I good enough am I pretty enough will they like me it was the burden that made her great and the part that caused her to stumble in the end Whitney if you could hear me now I would tell you you weren't just good enough you were great you sang the whole damn song without a band and people didn't just like you Whitney they loved you all those young girls who are dreaming that dream but maybe thinking they aren't good enough I think Whitney would tell you guard your bodies and guard the precious Miracle of life and then sing your hearts out knowing that there's a lady in heaven who is making God himself wonder how he created something so perfect so off you go Whitney off you go escorted by an army of angels your heavenly father when you sing before him don't you worry you'll be good enough can everyone just take a deep breath okay what do you think was the issue as a general assessment of a lot of people maybe how almost everyone what issue was that Jasmine what was her issue not feeling like she was good enough yeah anyone can relate self-doubt and perhaps um it's it's something that I up until now still working on myself um and a lot of tools and techniques that that we can actually use so saps do we have something for them to work on not good enough issues let it all come out I don't know what's gonna come out in EFT awesome all right I'm a little dark let me just turn on the light is better all right um being true to what the topic um is all about which is fear and anxiety how about we do two rounds of EFT I want to do one round with fear and anxiety how is it coming up in the body and how to release it naturally and we're going to talk about not being good enough and let's see how it Cascades into whatever needs to happen all right so when I do EFT I don't Target the points because when I deal with my clients personally I don't want them to lose the momentum of like oh where do I go now you know so what do I do we do e it's the same thing but it's a summarized version and for me it's always the heart place your hand on the heart for now we're going to do um releasing anxiety and um fear from the body okay so I have my notes because I've been doing this seemingly a lot so hand in the heart close your eyes take three lung filled breaths expand those lungs try to hold as much as you can and release so we want to breathe in for four hold for five exhale for eight if we can what are we doing we're exhaling anxiety fear stress things that we don't need to hold on to anymore so inhale one 2 three 4 hold that breath feel the lungs expand and exhale when you exhale I want you to go get it out of you don't be shy it's just you I mean if you want to just turn off your video fine do what you want but I want you to be doing this one last time breathe in expand the lungs hold as much breath as you can breath is life and hold as much as you can and release more than you've taken in you can say this to yourself out loud or you can just say it to yourself silently all this fear and anxiety I notice how it feels in my body I now know where this is coming from I notice the weight of all these emotions that's coming up that just came up or that's been there for a while I find it so hard to relax I find it so hard to breathe I find it so hard to just be with everything that's going on this is a lot to handle it feels like I've been doing this for a while now I I'm feeling this anxiety this fear this stress in my body I urge you to now tap into the area that you feel is giving you anxiety the body is going to show you let it guide you okay very good just go where it needs to go fabulous you guys are doing it think about what's giving you anxiety right now let those emotions come come up if it's fear let it come up it's about time you let it come up what is this anxiety about let it come up what is this presenting in my world be present with your thoughts for a while and allow it to come up whatever fear that's coming up right down just let it come up watch it come up but don't envelope yourself in fear just breathe through all of that emotion that tension Just Breathe It All breathe through it just breathe that breathe through it all let it come up I'm going to give you 30 seconds to a minute to just let it come up and deal with it it's here it's here wherever it is just tap what's coming up what's the Fe what's this fear trying to tell you fear of the future fear of unknown what now's your time to really let this emotion speak to you you can't run from your emotion these are all your emotions and it's here you're acknowledging that it exists but you don't want it to stay so what's coming up let it come up and if you have to release release if you want to cry cry cry it all out cry it all out let go of all these emotions I don't need you in my life anymore thank you for teaching me what you need what you've come to teach me thank you out just get it out of you this is not me I am not my emotions I am not my thoughts I am a wonderful wonderful child of God I am happy I will make good any situation that comes my way place your hand in your heart heart I choose to be present in this exact moment right here right now as you breathe just release anxiety and fear whatever it is breathe deeply and Let It Go Let It Go just Let It Go I am safe I am okay I am calm I am relaxed and when you're ready you can open your eyes how do that I feel lighter to be honest and um just feeling that my heart is open to good things anyone I'll I'll add to that um I feel very calm I feel calm with my thoughts too even if they're usually thoughts that do bring about um my anxiety or my fear even if they are my fear um it's present in my thoughts right now I know they are my fear but I feel like I I was able to breathe through it and I can kind of like start somewhere to process it now um even if it's just an inch even if it's just one step of deciding to do this every day I feel like I'm calmer one more round not good enough St sorry um what's the meaning of Eep again e is EFT I'm it's just when I'm in therapy um my uh teacher he it's very hard we're not allowed to touch in therapy right I'm not GNA touch anyone because even to give them tissue so we do e it's going to show up in the body instead of going through like this and then they're gonna be like oh sorry what where uh oh I forgot that the momentum is gone now for me I've been doing e EFT for like almost 15 20 years I know exact like like the points I know but the thing is my clients don't and I want to Target them where it's showing in the body for example this part I saw Jill do this so instead of going through all that place just go straight here just do this okay just keep like for example that's the area do this okay what is this trying to come up like what are this tension all this tension what is this I feel heavy but I want to release you because these are all remember one thing we're all a ball of energy we're energy money is energy we're energy this is all energy so when we focus on the point the pressure pressure point the main pressure point that's giving us the problem for example the knee okay the knee is ego so when you know the metaphysical like when you're in with me in therapy I go direct to the ego like what is this ego trying to tell you how is this showing up you know or this like money like afraid of money afraid of like whatever it is you know like the financial burden it's all on the person and you just need to release that because the body is you don't want the body to get sick so you want that flow of energy so for me EFT is all these points EET is direct go into that area that the body is showing you where you need to tap tap tap tap tap tap all right but for me because when I do webinars I don't know where their points are so I just say heart just heart because your heart is calm it's going to speak to you the heart will dictate how it's going to release all right now we're going to do not good enough I don't have notes for that let's just go where we need to go and sorry because I don't I'm one person that's very authentic so whatever is gonna come up let it come up if you guys cry I'm known for that it's so sad I'm known to make cry all right place your hand in your heart close your eyes take three deep breaths hold and release another one hold and release release more please breath needs to go to the brain just place your hand in your heart you have to you can repeat after me or not but just feel what we're going to say for the many times said I belittled myself for the many times I thought I was not good enough for the many times people told me I was not good enough I took took everyone's words and I made it my own and I thought that was who I was not good enough for the times that I didn't know that I needed to love myself honor myself take care of myself I put other people's needs ahead of mine for the many times that I was so hard on myself because I was not told that I needed to love myself in fact I was told I needed to love others before I loved myself I'm slowly waking up to this realization that that's not good enough that I need to love me I need to honor myself love myself for who I am and who I'm not I have a lot of floss I'm human I'm going to get through it but I want to take this opportunity to say I'm sorry to myself I'm sorry for all the names I called you the emotions cost the all these emotions that came up and cost me to be something that I'm not I'm sorry I didn't know any better please forgive me I'm never going to do that again I'm going to learn from now on on for all the times that I did forsake you for the many times that I didn't make you my friend I'm so sorry to my inner children that I hurt along the way people have hurt me but the most important thing is that I don't hurt myself and the many times that I hurt you I'm very very sorry please forgive me I'm so sorry because I didn't know any better now I'm here please teach me how to be your friend please let me love you let me honor you let me celebrate you I'm sorry for the things that I didn't do I didn't know any better now I do I'm so sorry that I hurt you I'm so sorry that I thought you were not enough you are enough we are enough I am I love you for all that you are you beautiful you're so beautiful I love you in all your power magnificence thank you for staying put and showing me that I need to come get you thank you for showing me the way and thank you for not giving up on me I'm sorry please forgive me thank you I love you because you're a child of God I love you for all that you are are and all that you are going to be we are enough you my darling child are breathe and let go breathe let go breathe let go and ask your inner child are you ready to be my friend come on sweetheart let's do this together I love you and I will always love when you're ready can open your eyes everyone just continue taking deep breath exhale give us a big smile and let's give saps blessing send her all the energy send her all the white light also for Jasmine who's courageous enough to open her heart just hand her all that and for Jasmine and some just receive it allow that energy to come into your heart come into your soul so take a deep inhale exhale good morning okay so that's a practice okay um that's very powerful remember last Wednesday I had five minutes to do that to me and after five minutes shift happened okay um so that's one of the many things you can do okay and secondly before we go uh I will give you h a major thing that I do on a day-to-day basis uh that I'm so fully committed no matter what because it's just an amazing uh for me to live an optimal life wherein it's it's really creating the best health ever the most loving funfield relationship ever uh uh that the the the blessing of finances are coming in the growth the spiritual aspect but above all the fun wherein Bliss is just all together and I call this blissl no so can I share with you my blpl uh every day to keep me floating so number one decide a time to wake up every day uh hopefully when everyone else is sleeping because that's your time for yourself no according to the love language you need to spend time to give it to you quality and quantity no so I normally wake up without an alarm every day 4:00 a.m. that's just me okay you don't have to follow me but 4: to 4:00 am to 8:00 amm is all for me that's my routine the moment I wake up I go to number two um this is just my own term I call it the passive meditation because I just sit down for 10 15 20 minutes okay do nothing except just allow myself to open up okay and open up and and perhaps being able to listen uh to a guidance and I call it a download uh from my Creator because every download that he's going to give me that's what I'm going to use the entire day so it's about me listening not me speaking to the universe it's just me being sitting there okay number three is what I call the active meditation okay so the active meditation is um I have a a pre-recorded 20 minute active meditation that includes anything and everything to just allow me to be present okay so it's active meditation for me is just really I work on me to connect to my source every day and it's all about remembering who I am as his creator okay who am I as his creator is number one okay I am compassionate and loving therefore I will begin my active meditation by clearing my mind of what's not working and clearing my heart with all the heaviness which means no matter what every day I forgive maybe the same person over and over and over and over and over and over again and then forgiving myself okay number two is what I call prayer but the only prayer I put in there is about gratitude just saying thank you saying thank you I don't ask anything but it's all about prayer it's it's I the the recording I have there's music that you can say okay thank what everyone thank for your body thank whatever you want to thank with your relationship with your business with your growth and above what what are you thanking yourself for so that's number two it's prayer of gratitude number three is what I call declaration being able to speak out what you want to happen physically I see myself as I pray to God that even if I'm 80 90 100 years old I'm still very fit I'm able to do a lot of things just speak it out and allow myself to radiate that energy and then I also talk about relationship I talk about business I talk about where will I bless how will I bless who am I blessing it's really living my life purpose okay number four after the after speaking out my vision what I want number four is painting a perfect day so you get to say today after this I see myself exercising even if you don't want to exercise you just notice getting the yoga ma you'll just do it because you said it already I see myself doing this I see myself doing that I see myself accepting this go just painting a perfect day and number five is what I call self-love wherein I'll play a music and the music is you are so beautiful and I just imagine God singing to me that I'm whole I'm perfect and I will instruct you to give yourself a hug and feel the song and every day I I cry about it and then I will guide you into just affirm yourself say I'm whole I'm perfect I am enough I am blessing I'm a God's Masterpiece whatever you want to say to yourself okay and and maybe there are some people in your life who you feel are unlovable imagine also you're hugging them imagine you're also giving this to them it's it's about you healing yourself healing the inner child and healing others inner child that can be also one okay and number six last but not the least is what we call surrender and it's all about being able to just acknowledge that everything is completely up to his will and you're just surrendering to him all whatever it takes so um what I can give you out if if if you can support me what I can give you out is I'm going to send you um a link of the 20 minute um meditation that I recorded and the moment you get used to it you can recreate your own that's just a guide okay and and I I felt it worked for a lot of people I get a lot of feedback around it um it really helped I'm still using it by the way uh but then again that's just me okay you can actually create your own you can do your own do your own research most important part is you do it so so my I have my passive meditation I have my active meditation and then I see to it I also do at least 20 minutes honoring my body exercise I do my yoga yog I do my walking and just really seeing myself I don't punish myself by doing my workout and hurting myself so I have to grow my muscle no I just do what I enjoy doing as long as I'm moving my body because the moment I move my body I get I get myself out of that energy okay and last but not the least I take time an hour or two to learn every day I study every day so that I can be more effective in serving the world in serving the universe and with the knowledge I have with the skills I can give I'm now serving the world so which means I'm ready to rock and roll my entire world so whatever is going on outside my world yes I'm affected I notice it but you know what I'm bigger than this because I started my day connecting to my universe reminding me who I am so I don't run via battery I run via the source of the currency of My Universe okay so that's a gift uh if you want to receive that gift uh I have a favor to ask um I have a what's this what do you call that Yanni Facebook page coach I have a Facebook page uh write me a let you know a word or two or a sentence or two about your review of your experience around me so we can help more people and then automatically uh my team is actually um sending you out right away and test it I'll guarantee you you'll have the best morning ever or maybe tonight before you sleep it's such a beautiful beautiful experience that you can start working Yanni take it away thank you so much coach um yeah um I love I love The Practice from saps and gra I think I'm just gonna read I'm just I'm just gonna read some comments after that moving um EFT e EET it's okay wow grab Too Many Tears thank you saps moving thank you saps thank you so much so many emotions came up thanks a bunch saps thank you so much so much tears but it feels so good I think we can all agree that we that was moving um thank you saps love thank you thank you a lot of feeling lightness in my heart right now an thank you saps um yeah thank you saps for doing that second round of E I love it um coach Russ yeah okay go ahead saps um I think just um like I said true to form as to why we're here just quickly long you know because I think we we had a great chat all of us but one thing is um just give me two minutes because I do want to talk about um anxiety and stress and fear because that is the main topic of the conversation so guys when you feel anxiety creep up um change the narrative in your head because anxiety is fear of the future it hasn't happened so you are resilient you're strong enough tap into that inner child get that child in you to actually make great decisions for yourself for your future stress is the fear of now like because you're not in now so stay in the now ground yourself my prayer is very simple if thank you is the only prayer that you say that's that's it don't hurt others don't hurt yourself don't be at war with yourself I'm very simple I I'm I'm just going to share what I feel people um uh like have asked me professionally for for guys love yourself treat yourself with a lot of compassion when you feel like you need to pause pause when you feel you need to rejuvenate rejuvenate you need to rest repair digest that's parasympathetic right now you are in sympathetic which is like this hamster going like this and when you're praying to God you're talking to God when you're meditating you're downloading what God has to say to you so when you meditate you don't hear he here you hear right in the middle because God will guide you to where you need to go and when we're in a state of anxiety we have edged God out that's what ego means edging God out bring God back into our lives the universe back into our lives because we are children of God and God knows exactly what's going to happen to us we have to have faith don't control things that you can't control what you can control Focus your control on that Focus your control on eating right being right doing what's right do not waste your time focusing on the things you cannot control because that's what's going to give you anxiety and be in the Now eart talks about that be in the now learn to stay where you are right now Sunday 17th of May 6:40 three in this webinar do not go to something of July when July has not happened so when people say where do you see yourself in 101 15 years I do that in therapy and I love what people say to me because they say the beautiful things that they Envision for themselves going back to school doing this and getting their masters and having a family fantastic focus on these things focus on things that you can control don't focus on things that you cannot control because that's what's going to eat away at you and I think understand that you're a beautiful person you're beautiful soul and honor the soul the fire that lives within inside of you and all of us have ego it's okay so but know that the ego there and if the only prayer you say is thank you thank you to God thank you to yourself thank you for everything thank you for sharing the space with me thank you for you know when we're upset with somebody thank you for seeing this is something that I actually say a lot when you're upset with somebody have the foresight to know who you don't want to become if this person is showing you and you're fighting with somebody and she's showing you who she is have enough sense to say I don't want to be that person and how are you going to do it by changing yourself stick to your journey don't make Pam other people's journey drivve in your lane the problem with us is we want to go here and we want to swerve and we want to go there we want to go there focus on your journey do not focus on other people's Journey that's not your journey because they're going to get ahead and you will be left behind you have a lot to learn in this lifetime wake up the Earth is waking up I mean she's cleansing herself Mama Earth is cleansing herself what are you doing for yourself and if a person I've had so many webinars when this question has was asked and I want to address it even if nobody's asked me this question what if the person doesn't want to wake up it's not your business to wake anybody up you wake yourself up that's all that matters and if a person is negative stay away but understand to just give them love and compassion because they're at war with themselves but you don't absorb that energy as well and know that every single day things are going to look up and lastly I end my campaign it's okay to not be okay whereas it's okay to not be okay but don't stick to that story for the rest of your life that that's going to be your excuse and you're going to hide behind that story if it's okay to not be okay don't do that right now as these emotions are coming up all these uncertainty all this you know work I what's going to happen am I going to be earning am I going to meet my deadline my Koda I love um making money and next month I don't know I don't know it's okay to not be okay it's okay to not have the answers and if right now with what's happening you just want to watch Netflix and it's okay it's okay to not be productive guys it's irritating when people say you have to be productive says who I didn't know that there was a police somewhere it's okay but for the people that have it together please be productive for the people that can have the mental space to hold the space for everyone else do what you need to do because we are holding the space for all of you and when I give my lectures like this how are you showing up for yourself and how are you showing up for others this may be a free lecture this webinar but I'm going to require something from you how are you going to pay it forward because I may not watch you but the universe is watching you how are you going to pay it forward so I leave with question and be good to yourself and learn that you need to have compassion for yourself learn kindness love and compassion if there's anything that you're going to do right now while we're in the situation that we are in Learn To Love Yourself for all that you are and for all that you're not you're not going to be if you're if if somebody said that you're G to win all these whatever whatever and if you don't it's okay because you're going to be good at something else and what is that something else it's what makes you unique it's what makes you you and honor celebrate that person that fire that lives within her she's dying to come out he's dying to come out and if you don't it's just very sad because you're not going to get that chance again so please again when I say goodbye I may not see some of you some of you I know that I've invited here but let me tell you something please show up for other people please help me in doing the work of the universe please I need you I need you because we're doing this together and we're waking up to our purpose what is that purpose it may not be the same as mine but God you have purpose and wake up to your purpose blessings thank you so much saps um I I shared my screen and showed where and how you can contact saps UM at the same time um maybe we can get a few last words from Jasmine sure no problem um thank you so much coach Russ and Miss saps on behalf of everyone that attended here today thank you for sharing your knowledge thank you Yan for organizing this and inviting not just your close Circle but also the public and whoever wanted to join I'm sure relate or New Found knowledge on how to take care of yourself or what to do or how to set your morning you can maximize it for yourself or maybe try to imitate and see if it works for you too um when I come to these things you know I always keep an open mind uh there are things that may not apply to me but I stay till the end because I want to see where it goes and I want to see apply for myself so you know with everything that was discussed today with my sharings and all that I just I guess I want to say thank you to everyone for being here to listen and respecting also um everyone not just my sharing but everyone's sharing and everyone's questions everyone's concerns because these are all valid and we all need a place um to feel that our fears our stress and anxieties are valid and um I guess now that we have each other in this in in little environment um you know like what sa saids well how are you going to pay it for maybe you can create your own environment with your own closer CES um with your own family even perhaps if that's something that they're open to and you know H I definitely um do a lot of these Reflections a lot of these um uh meditations on my own but there are times when I get to share it with uh you guys and I'm just so I'm so thankful because it's difficult to be alone in these times and I'm not physically alone I have my dogs and my cat and my boyfriend with me at home but I am physically away from my family I don't have kids so I really only talk to my pets because my boyfriend is working pretty much 247 um so you know it's easy for me to get lost in my thoughts nowadays Jeff and say hey mind me and focus on me and what I'm going through because I also have to be mindful uh and how much he can take on so um I guess that's just another perspective I want to uh give L you know once you find your support system or your support person um be open for yourself and to that person so that you have someone you can uh count on or run to if things do get tough on your own um but also be mindful that Bak um this might impact them another way so learn to limit that so that you have to give yourself the work also um it's not easy to start the work on yourself but small things you know five minutes of just breathing outside looking up at the sky or the Stars even if you're not consciously or actively thinking of something Mindful and if you're not present in that thought as long as you're looking at something and that's giving you a moment of silence then I think you know that's something you can do for yourself and that's how I started um and and you'll find your ways to cope but don't get tired for yourself to find those ways because um everyone here wants to help and we are all present for each other K now we don't know each other um honestly I've I've gone to people other strangers more than my family for support and um it's helped me a lot and and if you can't find it at home I'm sure you'll find somewhere that you can add to be also your new home so don't be afraid um you'll get there and and um I'm here with you if you want to chat with me DM Instagram I will reply or tweet or Facebook page there coach um inner child therapist but you know I'll I'll talk with you and I'll chat with you as much as I can um but limit please do no limited knowledge on this um because I'm still learning and I'm still growing and I'm not licensed or it's not my profession so I know I can only give a perspective of um from my end and I guess uh it helps then that uh for I guess for my job that I always have to understand a different person's perspective so you I guess that's why I I tend to sympathize or empathize with people a lot so thank you guys I really appreciate your time um Yanni saps coach Russ thank you so much I I'm I'm so in love with these last few hours thank you thank you Jasmine oh an guys you can message her she will reply and I swear she's one of the nicest people I've worked with and that's why I'm very happy she's here um coach Ross for the last words wow thank you saps you're amazing Ma I love you Jasmine thank you um I'm just so happy today because confirm Jasmine Curtis no correct coach because okay because it has because the first kitten I bought the the breeder told me so I started chatting yes they have I mean there's only few few kittens to have this here so yeah SAA so thank you so much so last and final word um only one is oh my God look at that here um there's only one permanent in this world remember that and the only thing that's permanent in this world is God's love and God's love is unconditional so therefore your only job here is Unconditionally Love Yourself forgive yourself no matter what accept yourself everything but love honor and accept yourself that because when you do that it will naturally overflow to people around you so every time you're down you're afraid always remember hashana you are never alone so call someone be in conversation or the best part here is call someone and give help that's the best part call someone and give help it's either ask for help and give help either or it's you now serving the world because the end of the day the reason why there's too much problem because people are so focused on their own drama that they forget to serve the world so having said that I'd like to thank and honor you guys uh for showing up and and please make sure you pay it forward call someone today hey how are you I'm just checking on you what's going on or tonight maybe call people in your life who you love your parents your siblings first Circle and just tell them how much you love them and if they say nakad okay I just want to let you know that you are not alone I'm here for you and that's an action that I want you to take on tonight just create a more loving home tonight God bless you everyone back to you Yanni thank you so much coach R Us Jasmine and of course saps I love you guys so much thank you for making this first ichan webinar a success um I think everyone here got so much value just by being here for 3 hours 3 hours na Pala Yun so again thank you for being here to everyone who attended thank you so much I just want to give a shout out to the team behind this of course speakers for sharing my loves H Kevin paneda who's helping me with the live stream currently so sh po nakah handle Don Tish who helped with the poster and of course reel who texted all of you Hindi po AK Yun um and reminded you and emailed you so thank you um okay can I just what I have two minutes to plug myself um if you like the type of organization or the type of culture that we have today this is actually again every day we do it I do it in my small team so connect with me on Facebook or on Instagram it's at coach yanim Moya to be part of this advocacy and Community my team is super open to help transform more people's lives um together with Coach Ross of course as our leader so yeah if you like this kind of inar please leave a recommendation or maybe a suggestion of what's the next topic that you want to get or do you want to see so yeah thank you so much again for attending guys I appreciate you and on behalf of all our speakers today we thank you for staying with us for three hours and not getting umal so thank you so much and yeah have a blessed blessed Sunday evening thank you goodbye so again please reach out to me in my Facebook page because I'm going to send you my recording guaranteed the best just going to send it to you for my cats and subscri you so much appreciate you love you everyone thanks everyone thanks everyone love you thank you coach R thank you y thank you Miss Jas thank you thank you everyone thank you thank you everyone until next time than you so much thank you everyone thank you bye thank you everyone thank

  Top Comments:
  1. @AntiSpawnisimDud: Love this❤

- How Acting & Performing Helped Emma Stone Cope with Anxiety: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] two options you either follow my rules or follow my rules capiche thank you I can do it a different way oh that's that's fine thank you very much here's to the ones who dream here's anxiety hit me pretty hard around six or seven and yeah I had my first panic attack 107 so then that locked me up for a couple of years and I remembered I was in my first grade play and that was so fantastic and then I had a couple years of a pretty rough ride

  Top Comments:
  1. @priyanshusharma2332 [5 likes]: In one word...She is a legend in my eyes...

- 'I was shaking': Jade Thirlwall's fears on opening up about mental health: Kind: captions Language: en How the car's silk brother died with the yarn area I personally order Thu Hong very big myspace About It is no permission to How the weather Sweet almond and the best with second people to patients with age the weather tomorrow When they were welcomed the content marketing displayed with the best paper Heart I know that not the cost of people children of sin expected when it Comes back Until I stayed in Tears Away The Heart Of English well trained In veritate onstage IV elite insane people She take turns the quarter with special days I

  Top Comments:
  1. @thereallifeofasaint2035 [1 likes]: God is good
  2. @jesanneruby9355 [1 likes]: yes this video was very helpful xx please check out my mental health video too it talks about it in a raw way and offers first hand advice x

- GMB Helps People Overcome Their Fear of Flying | Good Morning Britain: Kind: captions Language: en we're joined Now by Simon Bean who is on the flight with his wife Denise and Dr Hillary how do you feel this morning first of all um very excited that I achieved what I wanted to achieve yeah it was uh it's it's been a very nervous couple of days you know from the ground course on Tuesday to actually getting on that flight uh yesterday 16 years on since last 16 years since your last flight tell us exactly why your phobia flying came about so well I had a a reaction to some malaria tablets that that we took to go to this holiday out in Mexico and he gave me um palpitations um um pumping heart uh panic attacks all in the middle of the holiday and um to to get back home I needed s of Valium just to get back on that plane and I think subconsciously I was Associated the last part of that holiday being the fight as being part of the reason I couldn't fly so the ca for me was about finding out how I was going to react when I got on that plane and because I didn't know and that was my phobia I guess and what did it feel when you stepped on the plane was it as bad you know could you feel those symptoms of panic sweeping over well after after Tuesday's course we we like did a lot about breathing exercises and um coping mentally um and through that using those techniques when you saw it in in the clip there where people banging tapping themselves and and I didn't need to do that mine was like pretty much controlled by breathing and as soon as we sat on the end of the runway and the best part of flying for me was the screaming down the screaming down the runway and that feel of acceleration as you as you take off and uh so for me that was once I'd reached that point you were away we was we was away he had told you as well Denise that he was doing no he hadn't on Sunday it was when he told me um what did you think well yeah I was kind of a little bit bewildered to be honest and I wasn't quite sure whether he was going to go through with it how crippling has his phobia been for you as a family well terrible really um 16 17 we've not been away we've got two small children you want a better son the holidays um I had to take my daughter away um on my own uh 7 years ago um my auntie was terminally ill um so I took my daughter away I was pregnant with my little boy um and this year I wanted to take them both again and I'd just gone through on Sunday in said to time and I'd like to take the children um do you mind me taking them without you and then he kind of said well actually the news can we oh oh and by the way can we hold fire Hills you were there um I mean it's an extraordinary thing to put all I mean not everybody was was controlling their fear and phobia with breathing like Simon was able to do there was some very intense fear wasn't there absolutely I mean there there were lots of people in tears uh before takeoff there were lots of people shaking um and on takeoff there were two or three who were hyperventilating quite badly saying they can't breathe uh and were in in in panic mode um but within 5 minutes they were laughing um we were up in the air looking down at the lovely clouds um everyone was relaxed uh they were they were being told what every noise meant that it was normal and actually when people got off the plane there was just Joy there was Euphoria people were now going to book their holidays that they'd been postponing for years you know and and and all that Panic turned to Joy and Happ you took them through that block through everything explained everything works what everything means and I think understanding of being more in control was was was Central for many people in overcoming that that terrible Charlotte do cuz she's a bit she did really well and you know for Charlotte yesterday I think because she was presenting as well she had a distraction responsibil so she didn't have time to think about the fear that she'd learned she was able to concentrate on the job and I think that was really helpful as well so and she's always looks after everybody else doesn't she C crew as well she looks gorgeous she make get a job what sort of difference will this make S and if there's anybody out there that has a fear of flying cuz you've let it bother you for 16 years what would your advice be do a course like the you know the one with uh GMP GM B have done this week it's um I poo pooed it really for for 16 years I thought you know I don't want to get in a plane with a load of crazy people that are going to be having panic attacks and you know I might be sitting there perfectly all right and they'll set me off so uh but no it was completely different learning those techniques and being able to cope mentally control your own mind you know it's um yeah I'd sayful for the rest of your life actually yeah and it's not just um it's not just you know you can use these techniques not just for flying for every phobia really but the kids must be beside them so you're all going to go away where are you going to well we've uh I've got a friend out in Tena my sister just bought a place so I said it might be nice just to do a short flight with the children and maybe go for a long weekend and then plan Florida for the summer Wonder future very exiter Hillary thank you thank you very much time well done as well send us postcard from your [Music] holiday

- Adele felt out of control with 'terrifying' panic attacks: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] adele felt like she had no control over her body when she began experiencing terrifying anxiety attacks the singer has shed around 100 pounds but she explained she hadn't set out to lose weight she had just begun working out to help her deal with how she was feeling in the wake of her split from simon kaneki speaking on her one night only special she told host april winfrey she had terrible anxiety when her marriage was over and she started working out because of her mental state the anxiety left her so confused and made her feel as if she had no control over her body the easy only hits maker received criticism for her weight loss from some people but she insisted she wasn't shocked by the comments as people have always had an opinion on her appearance elsewhere during the show adele admitted she found adjusting to life after divorce exhausting discussing the lyrics to her new song hold on she said that her friends would always say hold on when she felt like the lyrics in the verse but found it exhausting trying to keep going with it

- How to fight the 'Sunday Scaries' | GMA: Kind: captions Language: en gonna tell you about our series self-care nation Americans say they experienced the so-called Sunday scary's that anxious feeling as you start a new work week I totally can relate to this Rebecca Jarvis is here with the tips on how to beat the nerves and start your week off right good learning hey Cecilia great to see you so this is something I'm sure a lot of people can relate to even though right now most everyone watching is probably thinking about kicking off the weekend by the time Sunday rolls around like clockwork those feelings of anxiety and letdown they start kicking in so what can you do to tackle those Sunday scary's Lori bergamot oh is a busy mom of two and we did it from appearing on GMA to her full-time job is style director for Good Housekeeping magazine extra-careful okay Lori Christ relax with their family on weekends that was fun but when sunday rolls around hello from Sunday night it's almost 11 o'clock I have the scary's I know that I won't be able to sleep tonight the Sunday scary's hit that anxiety that creeps in before the start of a new week a phenomenon experienced by 81% of Americans according to one survey what's the worst part of the Sunday scary's either can't go to sleep until well after midnight or I'll fall asleep and wake up around 1:00 and then I'll just be up until 4:00 a.m. did I respond to emails I needed to respond to are there things I could do to me to make the week go smoother or even for Monday morning to just be a little bit easier just literally every single thing that could happen for some reason Sunday night is when I think about it we brought in Michelle Bombay see the healthy Monday advisor from Columbia University Medical Center to help Laurie tackle the dread we like to look at this in three ways lifestyle modifications mind-body practices and incorporating the healthy Monday reset first up get off your technology we know what the biggest invader to our weekend is our electronic devices try to resist the urge or - powering down by 5:00 p.m. so that you allow relaxation time on Sunday the second one is try to get a good night's sleep and really creating a sleep time ritual for yourself Michels suggests setting a blue light filter on your phone limiting TV time before bed and deep breathing exercises breathe in through your nose and exhale out through your mouth and you're going to focus on your breath breathing in four four one two three four and exhale through the mouth finally get a new perspective instead of looking at Monday as a day to dread we look at it as an opportunity to restart and refresh like fifty too many resolutions our audience here practicing some of those breathing exercises today another great thing you can start to day Friday is to target those Sunday scary's by knocking a few things off of that weekend to-do list you can run some errands do the laundry so that you can head into the weekend knowing you don't have a full plate of chores for Sunday Cecelia so you're going home to do your laundry and have a margarita well hey there GMA fans Robin Roberts here thanks for checking out our YouTube channel lots of great stuff here so go on click the subscribe button right over right over here to get more of awesome videos and content from GMA every day anytime we thank you for watching and we'll see you in the morning on GMA

  Top Comments:
  1. @Dangerops69 [2 likes]: How is "get better sleep" advice for lack of sleep caused by anxiety?
  2. @qigung [2 likes]: When did this become an actual thing?! Have we seriously become such weak-minded snowflakes?? If you seriously have this much anxiety and worry about having to return to work on Monday perhaps you should seek the help of a mental health professional. And the term "Sunday Scaries" sounds like we're speaking to a pre-schooler. No wonder people from other countries laugh at us. We deserve it!
  3. @Moore88745 [1 likes]: It's sad that the so-called expert never mentioned practicing your faith on Sunday. Clinging to Jesus is the only way to conquer anxiety.
  4. @ronaldtartaglia4459: Yeah, do more work because you have too much work to do. Fuck you.
  5. @JackW467: Think  'bout wht you'll do 🅰fter  zchool, or work .  Don't  'c🅰re'  zo much .. Lower itz  import🅰nce in your life .     Tune it out.   F🅰mily + He🅰lth  R  everything .
  6. @grimefighter8867: BOO!

I’m your weekend going bye-bye