- The 10 Airbnb Must-Haves That Guests Actually Pay More For: Kind: captions Language: en here are 10 items every Airbnb needs no matter who&nbsp; you are on the planet if your Airbnb doesn't have&nbsp;&nbsp; this stuff you just won't make as much as a host&nbsp; with over 25,000 stays I can tell you exactly what&nbsp;&nbsp; a guest wants what they don't care about what you&nbsp; can save money on but what you need to spend big&nbsp;&nbsp; on all 10 of these matter do not miss a second&nbsp; of this video number one and this one is more&nbsp;&nbsp; important than ever before because airb B updated&nbsp; their search UI to accommodate this one item it's&nbsp;&nbsp; long overdue and that that is a king bed if you&nbsp; go to search on Airbnb and go to filters and&nbsp;&nbsp; scroll down under features along where they have&nbsp; things like smoking allow you now can checkbox&nbsp;&nbsp; for a king bed this has never been done before&nbsp; until finally 2023 for 6 years I taught all of&nbsp;&nbsp; my students to write it in the title because&nbsp; there's nowhere else to flex that you have a&nbsp;&nbsp; king B I did a different video on how to update&nbsp; your listing for this wife that video later but&nbsp;&nbsp; let's get into the other night number two has a&nbsp; couple ways to get this done but you need a good&nbsp;&nbsp; light source and a good mirror I recommend an&nbsp; easel mirror one that can get moved around next&nbsp;&nbsp; to a big window but you also want big Cold Light&nbsp; you can have a clip on ring light that goes onto&nbsp;&nbsp; the mirror you need somewhere where a woman can&nbsp; sit on the floor or sit on the chair and do her&nbsp;&nbsp; makeup this is 100% a do not miss and that means&nbsp; if your bathroom does not have good lighting you&nbsp;&nbsp; should fix that too along with a good big mobile&nbsp; mirror have one of the handheld flip ones too&nbsp;&nbsp; that go 5x they'll love that as well number three&nbsp; isn't just one product it's a whole thing and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; your coffee station all of you have coffee but&nbsp; you're not doing it right I want you to memorize&nbsp;&nbsp; something and it Rhymes makes it easy to remember&nbsp; one out of three decaf or t say it with me one&nbsp;&nbsp; out of three decaf or t what that means is one&nbsp; out of every three air Bean be Travelers prefers&nbsp;&nbsp; to drink decaf coffee or tea regular is not good&nbsp; enough and in order to build out a great coffee&nbsp;&nbsp; station without breaking the bank what I like to&nbsp; do is buy Widemouth mason jars put lab on the top&nbsp;&nbsp; and I'll have a cup for coffee cup for decaf cup&nbsp; for creamer cup for sugar and one that holds tea&nbsp;&nbsp; packets as well I've got a station of those and a&nbsp; tupperware container for the coffee filters then&nbsp;&nbsp; I have the coffee machine and an electric water&nbsp; kettle and then maybe a little flour and if you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have a lot of counter space put it on a&nbsp; tray they can get moved around so somebody can&nbsp;&nbsp; unplug it pick it up move it somewhere else and&nbsp; they can get to cooking speaking up that brings&nbsp;&nbsp; us to number four remember this always the one&nbsp; thing that you have that a hotel will'll never&nbsp;&nbsp; have is a fully stocked kitchen I don't care how&nbsp; expensive that hotel room is they might give you&nbsp;&nbsp; a kitchenette with a little fridge and two burners&nbsp; maybe two burners in an oven but I've never seen&nbsp;&nbsp; in my history of staying at hotels I've never seen&nbsp; one that gives you great pots and pans cutting&nbsp;&nbsp; board strainer can opener wine opener and all the&nbsp; fixings everything you could ever want including&nbsp;&nbsp; like a cheeseboard and with a four-burner stove&nbsp; and a double oven and a microwave in a full-size&nbsp;&nbsp; fridge they just don't give you that the reason&nbsp; why is hotels have banked on the fact that most&nbsp;&nbsp; of their guests are transient they're not from&nbsp; here they're going to go eat at restaurants one&nbsp;&nbsp; of the cool things about traveling is food tourism&nbsp; but airbnbs because of all that square footage&nbsp;&nbsp; naturally give you this competitive Advantage&nbsp; which means you get a different customer than&nbsp;&nbsp; hotels get air Bean bees always will and bringing&nbsp; the heat in the kitchen is one way to guarantee&nbsp;&nbsp; that you get families that book people that will&nbsp; respect your home because they value your home for&nbsp;&nbsp; what it provides there will come a day when your&nbsp; Airbnb is not booked but it gets booked because&nbsp;&nbsp; because you showed great photos of your kitchen&nbsp; and there's another airan be down the street with&nbsp;&nbsp; better design but they did not communicate in the&nbsp; photos well enough that they have a family ready&nbsp;&nbsp; kitchen here's another phrase for you that rhymes&nbsp; so you'll remember this if you don't show it the&nbsp;&nbsp; guest won't know it thank you TJ for that one&nbsp; I heard him say that in a clubhouse once if you&nbsp;&nbsp; don't show it the guest won't know it which means&nbsp; everything that you have that's amazing about your&nbsp;&nbsp; Airbnb needs to go in the photos five you need&nbsp; an angle yeah can you buy an angle yes you you&nbsp;&nbsp; can buy an angle here's what I mean an angle is&nbsp; an underserviced amenity you can either be Ada&nbsp;&nbsp; accessible disabled parking space no ramp up to&nbsp; the front door no step in the front door 36in wide&nbsp;&nbsp; doorways things like that that is a level one adaa&nbsp; room to get around the bed this is something that&nbsp;&nbsp; increases your searchability by 400% in most&nbsp; cities if you can't do that have a gym or an&nbsp;&nbsp; EV charger you want something that makes you more&nbsp; searchable than everybody else that is your angle&nbsp;&nbsp; number six you need one of these three depending&nbsp; on your size a supplies bin a supplies closet or&nbsp;&nbsp; supplies unit for apartments Studios places with&nbsp; not a lot of square footage there's these little&nbsp;&nbsp; bins you can buy for $30 or $40 that have little&nbsp; holes where you can lock them with luggage locks&nbsp;&nbsp; I did a video on that years ago we still use those&nbsp; to this day in combination with units like storage&nbsp;&nbsp; units if you have houses where you can have a&nbsp; made closet with a keyless entry on the door&nbsp;&nbsp; that works too both of those become your localized&nbsp; storage solution for restocking things remember&nbsp;&nbsp; that coffee station we talked about you're going&nbsp; to have a larger supply of coffee in the closet&nbsp;&nbsp; or in the bin you're going to have extra sheets&nbsp; extra towels all the backup stuff spare batteries&nbsp;&nbsp; for the TV in a storage unit if you have enough&nbsp; units like we do you'll have spare TVs in case one&nbsp;&nbsp; gets broken or stolen you need a supply solution&nbsp; and in a studio apartment you don't need six sets&nbsp;&nbsp; of sheets and 20 towels a little bin can hold&nbsp; four towels in one king-size set of sheets it&nbsp;&nbsp; can have your turn in a box yeah it's basically&nbsp; a turnover in a box you can even have cleaning&nbsp;&nbsp; supplies in there if you'd like to whenever they&nbsp; get their paycheck we restock their cleaning caddy&nbsp;&nbsp; we pay our housekeepers by the hour every week&nbsp; we have a video on that as well if you're ever&nbsp;&nbsp; curious about our cleaning system you can use&nbsp; that too but that bin can have a little bit of&nbsp;&nbsp; extra cleaning supplies just in case and that&nbsp; brings number seven a lot of hosts they slouch&nbsp;&nbsp; on this you should Supply cleaning supplies for&nbsp; some reason hosts don't like leaving much of&nbsp;&nbsp; those because guests will overuse them or steal&nbsp; them and that is the thing yes we can confess&nbsp;&nbsp; guests take stuff if you give them a full bottle&nbsp; of something really nice they'll take it so be&nbsp;&nbsp; careful we have started putting all our shampoos&nbsp; and conditioners and body washes in smaller pump&nbsp;&nbsp; containers so that way we don't give them a 32&nbsp; oz full right we have solutions for this as we've&nbsp;&nbsp; gotten bigger and now the same thing happens with&nbsp; a branded Clorox or branded Windex they'll take&nbsp;&nbsp; those but we've noticed if you buy from Home Depot&nbsp; those clear labell less bottles and put cleaning&nbsp;&nbsp; in there and say Windex written on it or Clark's&nbsp; bathroom cleaner written on it they maybe don't&nbsp;&nbsp; believe you that it's a brand name or they don't&nbsp; care and so if you don't want this stuff getting&nbsp;&nbsp; stolen just take the labels off or buy the clear&nbsp; bottles this really helps your cleaners when they&nbsp;&nbsp; arrive some guests will clean if you don't make&nbsp; it a pain in the butt they'll do their own dishes&nbsp;&nbsp; they'll wipe down the counters they will be super&nbsp; nice now since we pay by the hour that leads to&nbsp;&nbsp; a faster clean and a lower cost turnover for us&nbsp; it just makes perfect sense and number eight you&nbsp;&nbsp; need extras of everything for example parking&nbsp; passes we have Apartments where people need to&nbsp;&nbsp; park in a specific spot and if they don't show&nbsp; a parking pass they would get towed happens so&nbsp;&nbsp; we print off these laminated parking passes that&nbsp; they use normally these apartment complexes want&nbsp;&nbsp; people to use a decal but we have to negotiate to&nbsp; change that we are allowed to use a laminated card&nbsp;&nbsp; and when somebody loses that laminated C takes it&nbsp; with them leaves it in their Enterprise rental car&nbsp;&nbsp; we have some in that same bin I told you about we&nbsp; have extra parking passes in that bin locked away&nbsp;&nbsp; so that way we can just pull another one and the&nbsp; next guest doesn't have a snafu that's an extra&nbsp;&nbsp; you need extra batteries for the TV like I said&nbsp; if you have enough units you need an extra TV&nbsp;&nbsp; you need extra sheets extra towels extra cleaning&nbsp; supplies you'll need extra plates cups bowls wine&nbsp;&nbsp; glasses when things break you need to be able to&nbsp; pull them fast and get them to a guest this level&nbsp;&nbsp; of prevention alone will save your housekeepers&nbsp; from pulling out their hair and quitting on you&nbsp;&nbsp; one day because you won't make them go to Walmart&nbsp; and Target and at home to buy all these little&nbsp;&nbsp; things in their cleaning this level of control&nbsp; will matter and number nine seems obvious until&nbsp;&nbsp; you've stayed in a few airbnb's we've talked about&nbsp; the king B but we didn't talk about quality one of&nbsp;&nbsp; the biggest complaints that people have about&nbsp; their airbnb's is that the host slouched on&nbsp;&nbsp; the bed and the pillows a cheap bed and cheap&nbsp; pillows make a terrible night's sleep and it's&nbsp;&nbsp; the fastest way to not get a five-star review I do&nbsp; not care how beautiful your Airbnb is if you make&nbsp;&nbsp; a guest sleep on a bad pillow you will not get a&nbsp; five star review hands down 100% of the time you&nbsp;&nbsp; will not get it because you didn't spend an extra&nbsp; 10 bucks and they know it that is where they will&nbsp;&nbsp; hit you on your reviews and the other applies&nbsp; if your Airbnb is a little basic cuz you're a&nbsp;&nbsp; price leader per se you didn't do so good with&nbsp; your design people can forgive that you're not&nbsp;&nbsp; good at design they expect you to be an Airbnb&nbsp; host not somebody from Better Homes and Gardens&nbsp;&nbsp; they will forgive lackluster design if your bed&nbsp; is comfy your sheets are nice your pillows are&nbsp;&nbsp; nice it's a good night's sleep they will let it&nbsp; slide because at the literal end of the day they&nbsp;&nbsp; are there to sleep and you don't want to mess&nbsp; with that and number 10 we are skipping over&nbsp;&nbsp; all the basic stuff that a lot of you Smarties&nbsp; want to say sure there's a couch sure there's a&nbsp;&nbsp; TV sure there's a dinner table sure there's patio&nbsp; furniture sure there's a rug on the floor there's&nbsp;&nbsp; plants duh okay cool there's artwork yes number&nbsp; 10 you need a suite of Technologies to run your&nbsp;&nbsp; property the right way you need keyless entry one&nbsp; that you can at least change the codes from an&nbsp;&nbsp; app on your phone or even better yet have it run&nbsp; through a software like a channel manager when you&nbsp;&nbsp; get big enough I have a favorite door lock that&nbsp; I did a video on back when we first launched in&nbsp;&nbsp; Austin they've since dropped the price on their&nbsp; technology like 40 bucks I will leave you a link&nbsp;&nbsp; in the description or comments somewhere for&nbsp; that door handle the app is lovely it's easy&nbsp;&nbsp; you also need something to monitor noise smoking&nbsp; Etc because if a guest throws a party you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; know about it if it gets to smoking you need a way&nbsp; to prove it because without the proper technology&nbsp;&nbsp; you would have to find find a cigarette butt or&nbsp; Ashes to get paid airbnb's smoking fee and if a&nbsp;&nbsp; guest says that the place smells like smoke you&nbsp; can prove that it wasn't your fault if there is&nbsp;&nbsp; no smoke detected from your smoke detector thing&nbsp; there are two you can use minute or you can use&nbsp;&nbsp; wind either one works they both do noise and&nbsp; smoke detection now you'll love those and the&nbsp;&nbsp; underdog in the tech space this will matter if you&nbsp; go direct one day which we'll talk about plenty in&nbsp;&nbsp; the future you need a way to capture email from&nbsp; your guests I recommend something called stafi&nbsp;&nbsp; when a guest tries to access your Wi-Fi instead&nbsp; of getting your router modem thing they'll get&nbsp;&nbsp; this stafi device and it acts like a middleman&nbsp; where somebody has to put in their email first&nbsp;&nbsp; to get access to the internet that way that goes&nbsp; into database you can retarget them later invite&nbsp;&nbsp; them to stay one more time use their email in a&nbsp; list like a lookup table helps you to run more&nbsp;&nbsp; cost competitive ads you know stuff like that and&nbsp; with those 10 out of the way I recommend the next&nbsp;&nbsp; video you watch is my old video on the kitchen&nbsp; It's a Wonderful video because I think out of&nbsp;&nbsp; these 10 the kitchen may be one of the very most&nbsp; important ones let me know how you like this video&nbsp;&nbsp; in the comments I publish a couple videos a&nbsp; week all aimed at helping you run the best&nbsp;&nbsp; air airbnb amenities, airbnb furnishing, airbnb&nbsp; decor, airbnb design, starting an airbnb business,&nbsp;&nbsp; robuilt airbnb, airbnb investing, how to airbnb&nbsp; 2026, airbnb tips 2026, airbnb hosting tips,&nbsp;&nbsp; airbnb advice, best airbnb coaches, airbnb&nbsp; coaching, airbnb mentor, airbnb course

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tatama-hk6kf [1 likes]: You can get in trouble with your VISA later if you book from Airbnb
  2. @Rendezvous70 [1 likes]: Well we stayed at an air b&b in Paris & my wife fell down the stairs & was injured  in one of their apartments as the bathroom was outside the apartment across a dark hall . We called to see what they would do & the promised they would change our apartment at no cost for both apartments but when we got back home they had charged us for the second apartment & when we contacted them they gave us the run around obviously hoping we would just give up . We will never be using them again & we travel every year
  3. @AirbnbAutomated: 🚀My mentorship 👉: https://calendly.com/million-dollar-renter/ss-o?utm_source=youtube&utm_medium=pinned_comment
  4. @nateoglesbee7341: Your geodes look like their packin
  5. @theb190experience9: Never coming back to this channel. Annoying beggar fir money
  6. @sajjadmohammad3094: I have a house near Cleveland Hopkins airport thinking to either rent with furniture or Airbnb what is the best option?
  7. @KathyOndrejicka-l8c: Great info! Thank you!
  8. @stevefranks9873: YASSSS! #4 fully stocked kitchen. GOOD pots and pans!
  9. @grantpederson967: What is the name of the keyless door lock?
  10. @LifeTransPlanet: Pretty much have none of these in ours  in the way you present it and it's fully booked 100% for 6 years straight. 90% look for  what we have 1) low price and  2) something unique (a flower farm in the tropics). We don't even have air conditioning or a TV! But we have nature, we have privacy and we have  a tropical spot for cheap.
  11. @TheChizzletube: Great tips
  12. @maryrobertson8474: I searched your other videos and can't find any info on how to list a KING  bed under the amenities.   I went to my listing and nothing there to add that?
  13. @Cal97g: Is this guy AI or does he just look like it
  14. @Dieje: You are so great
  15. @maccy_85: Summarise
  16. @JaffeDaus: “Classes”? People are paying to get these “tips”?
  17. @shahidaayuby4710: Too fast 😮
  18. @Glinda_GG: The email capture is a gem!
  19. @NoneofyourBusiness-iv6pi: None anymore...Hotels are superior <period>
  20. @KB-Say: I’m glad you mentioned that not everyone wants coffee.  I want a Coke in the morning.

- Digital Nomads - a trend you don’t want to miss - with Moriya Rockman: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone and welcome back to the accommodation show today is gonna be a wonderful conversation with maria rockman from smiling house luxury accommodation welcome to the accommodation show hi hi great to be here i'm super excited i'm super excited because you hadn't heard of me until i contacted you it had been a little bit down the track but i knew about you the reason why i knew about you is because of your content but not only that i was looking at your website and i was looking at the work that you're doing and i've used your website as an example to my clients on how to do things really well really wow that's amazing this is a great surprise thank you i didn't think i i should tell you that but it's true it's absolutely true i like what you do i like the fact that you're luxury and that you're premium i i love the brand i love the business i love your posts um it's really an honor and a pleasure to have you on the show maria i'd love you to introduce yourself to everyone tell everyone who you are where you're from and what you do in the uh vacation rental space okay gladly so uh my name is maria rockman and uh i'm the founder and the cmo of smiling house mining house is uh is actually a platform gathering luxury homes unique homes special homes chalets castles uh mansions and also beautiful beach houses uh in 33 countries right now we have about four and a half thousand uh properties around the world and we are working with property managers and with property owners uh that really looking for a different solution and different communication uh with high-end um travelers with travelers who want to have special experiences and all our platform is request to book so we're actually working hand-in-hand with the property managers and owners and acting as their concierge with a lot of talking in many many different languages we're doing uh with um the final guest to make sure that it's not going to be only a dream house but a dream vacation for people who can afford it and really want to experience time not necessarily vacation and we'll talk about it in a second outside of their home in another home around the world with different just with different views and of course uh with great experience i i fall in love with this kind of thing because the one thing that really strikes me is that you're incredibly experienced driven your branding your messaging it's all about emotion and about creating something which is unique but also in your circumstance luxurious for for these guests how did you kind of i you you identified a gap in the market you identified a niche um tell us about how you kind of got to that particular step actually it happened naturally and almost by coincidence my husband ira which is our ceo as well and i um living in the swiss alps in switzerland i'm originally from israel as you can probably recognize but he's swiss and uh we we moved to a chalet that we just bought which is 400 years old no neighbors just beautiful beautiful uh snowy mountains etc and one day like 12 years ago a friend came over to visit and she said why don't you put it on airbnb and i said what is airbnb like nobody knew in switzerland was his airbnb she was from new york so she knew a little bit anyway one thing led to another and i put this place on airbnb we had no connection to hospitality now no connection to to anything that has to do with hosting and suddenly uh we start to to to see people coming people who can afford a you know any five stars hotel any any luxurious house wanted to come to the swiss chalet and i was using the message come and cut you on wood so the experience was always there i'm driven by experience myself and i saw that people looking for this kind of unique option to to experience something else even if they can afford something you know um somewhere maybe more comfortable or with different views but you know in a hotel or something and uh by guesting all these people i just realized that hey the luxury is is not only uh you know with the marble on the floor the luxuries is the amazing views is nature as your neighbor is uniqueness of authenticity and um by doing that in in in quite a luxurious area of uh it's like a ski resort where a lot of people come to see and to be seen and so on so naturally from the people we know in the area people say why don't you represent my house as well why don't you represent my house can you take care of my house can you bring guests to my house and that was another interesting thing because the people who who told me uh that we they would like to join and and and that we will expose them as well uh were people that you know the house worth tens of millions there actually people who didn't need the money and they didn't care you know if we were rented for a week or not renting it at all they just been kind of excited about the idea of who's going to stay in my house who's going to be the guest that we might meet that would like to see the way i design my place so the whole cognitive idea of why the host of luxury home is opening his home to guests and who are the guests who actually can afford to be anywhere and choosing a certain home it's all um very different i would say that the rest of 95 of the vacation rental uh has to do with a lot of psychology a lot of uh of of interest of uh being elsewhere and experience as as a as a top thing so people would not care so much about the course they will care a lot about the experience they're going to have and the feeling that they can be the owner for one week of an amazing place elsewhere because if we think about it most of these people own such an amazing home themselves anyway so from here to there um uh we start to to to uh to uh to represent these luxury homes in stock then in switzerland then in europe and then it's been all by kind of by request like can we can we join you and you said yes we didn't realize how much work is going to be but i never dreamt by starting my first um you know airbnb that will become a platform and we will bring some knowledge and and and talk about uh future trends in hospitality and in travel and i'm very very happy that to grow in this industry and have the stage to uh to experience what i feel in my stomach that that this is the need what i hear and what i recognize from from the surface and i can say we are not a startup or a few few guys coming together with some money and with some tech and creating um a piece of of of solution in the in the industry we are hosts and i think this is one of the special things about smiling house and that's that's absolutely clear you're very much a people person even the way that you talk the way that your eyes light up when you talk about the experience it's there and it's in your marketing it's in everything that you are and you do and i don't think you can train that to anyone i think it's just either you are that way inclined or you're not that way inclined and there's no right or wrong it just seems to be that you're that's the department you've gone down now if you are tuned in i and if you're listening to this show i would recommend that you check out their offering which is smilinghouse.ch and you can you can see what they're doing now today what we're going to talk about is that experience and this extension of that experience and when we started this uh this episode so that everyone knows um moira took me on a little bit of a tour and showed me the amazing property she's staying in in greece and stunning views now what we'll do is i'll ask you to take a picture of it and send it to me and we'll put it in the show notes or somewhere for you to have a look at it can we just give them a small glimpse a little bit of a glimpse as well i don't have to go fly i just have to turn the camera beautiful so there's a pool there and if you can tilt it up a little bit for me yeah great so you'll see that the idea of this place is just absolutely stunning and um moira is out there right now on a as a digital nomad um as she has access to all these beautiful places and she can work pretty much anywhere in the world we're talking about traveling to australia but this is where she ended up um now what would i love to talk to you about today is the opportunity in that marketplace and that opportunity of connecting with people like yourself who who want to travel more and who want to to move around you said this is a great topic so i would i'd love to know your thoughts about where the industry has this opportunity and what kind of people you would think would be taking advantage of this opportunity okay so we all have to keep in mind not necessarily with luxury homes etc that's the um the work industry the way that people working in the world change change probably for good because of kovid many organizations are encouraging people to work from home many people used to already to work from home and maybe many people think like hey if my boss is paying me and i'm getting my celery and i can actually work from anywhere why keep being in this apartment why won't i change my views and move to a different house a different apartment a different place work and combine my work with experience these are you can call these people digital nomads even though today i would say it's it's soon going to be disappearing this this term because many of us going to have this privilege of working from far working um from anywhere uh what it it's bringing to our industry of the vacation rental is a few things to keep in mind it's bringing extending of of length of stay so most of the people that will do such workation vacation uh or it's not it's more than a vacation like part of their lifetime experience they will not come for two weeks they would come for minimum of one and a half two months and then they will require your attention uh for pricing for longer terms one second they will not look only at the outside and how beautiful or how cool it is or how central it is and of course how perfect restrictions are not as strong as their in their place i believe but they would look also for uh for the fact that the house has to be a house with amenities that will support a family or a long-living so real equipped kitchen not just with a few forks and few knives something you can cook um and i'm i'm recommending to the to the one that want to get ready for for this trend even to think about giving up one space in-house or even a room for an office and emphasize on the strengths of the internet and on the facilities for somebody to work like a working desk a printer a strong wi-fi already mentioned netflix etc um for for for the choice of a person is to be able to keep on working uh and that will be more important than another room you know for many years everybody tried to squeeze another sofa bed that opened to a double uh to have another two people this is exactly the moment to take the smallest room to take off the sofa and and to put their very nice lamp a reading lamp with a desk with a great internet with a cool chair a comfortable one and take a pictures of this one and put them as an amenities and highlight this part and say even in the description that this that your place is ready uh for location travelers um so the other part of it is of course um the the the amenities that will support also long stay for for family so i would i would try to think if you have the space and so on other things small things that you can add to make it more uh attractive even just a trampoline in the in in in the in the backyard in in the garden and of course if you ever thought about adding a jacuzzi or an amenity to make your house a little bit more luxurious this is exactly the time to do so because another thing is that people want to experience something that they're missing and they're missing this this a little bit like this oh i um i stayed so long at home i deserve to have something that maybe before i wouldn't allow myself to uh to have so people are as part of another thing that we're talking about as a trend is a is the revenge travel people that will come now in 2022 to book your place they slightly even though the situation of the world is not great economic wise but they will slightly upgrade their stay because they feel that they deserve and that they lost some leisure time so if you can upgrade your place upgrade a little bit the price you'll be surprised that you're going to get the same bookings so when you say upgrade the place is there anything in particular you mean by that we're talking like a a better television a better internet connection better cutlery or the other stuff no first of all like i said to be ready for the trend of over the longest days you definitely have to dedicate a working space in the house that will look like a working space and to emphasize on it like call it office internet you know whatever amenities has to do with it uh it's like calling this digital moment and say hey we're ready for you otherwise uh you know a lot of people even outside of the vacation rental uh been upgrading the the feeling look of their house with a little bit of design so if you haven't done it for for for a period of time this is exactly the time to a little bit to refresh and to um to to to to think about how it's looking uh when you're putting it on the uh on on the otas you know the pictures and so on the experience um so yes and if if you upgrade in in in the sense of for a long time i thought to add a pool or to add a hot tub or to add a jacuzzi but yeah it was winter it was summer it was locked down you know all these kind of excuses do it now because uh people want uh not the discount of another five dollars people want to spoil themselves a little bit more and they will choose the places that will look the most cos cost-effective with the fact that it's still giving them something that they do not have at home yeah beautiful i love that i think that's some really great advice i think that's a a good strategy to go out there and think about the different things that you want to invest in and that actually leads me into another question and i love your opinion when we're talking about avatars and the kind of traveler that's going to come so and especially you said you believe that it's going to be longest days so even more than two weeks a month or a month and a half and therefore in my view that would kind of knock out a lot of um families with school-aged children because obviously they can't pull them out of school for longer periods of time and probably a demographic demographic which isn't really worth chasing so to speak if you know you've got that those objections then you would have like the the single person or the couples as well that want to get away what do you think is gonna be um the best sort of when we look at those sort of avatars of that digital traveler do you have anything in your mind as to it's gonna be these people these people and these people look first of all i don't know if you know but i'm a mother of seven kids and i have um four kids under the age of 11 and they are here with me in the last two years we've been living in different parts in the world from the seychelles still greece where i am right now israel switzerland gran canaria and other places together with the location flexibility uh there's also flexibility in many many countries for homeschooling as well as for international schools that are opening uh their their their gates to digital nomads and accepting kids even for two or three months only uh to keep their track on school um so so really the kind of of of guests are very diverse and i would say there's more uh guests at least in the luxury segment there's more guests that are family than just single um and and couples because because we normally not representing such small apartments or studios or we are focusing on on bigger homes but where i am right now in in the beautiful island of crete in greece there's a facebook page with 25 000 people only for the people who are digital they declare themselves a digital moment and staying here so this is another way for you to have a distribution for free check out the digital nomads different groups next to your you know to your destination open yourself up to these people the people that are normally um playing and and and and interacting in such groups are the ones that are there but also the one that planning to come there or planning to return there over there you will find many more single um younger individuals who's working from anywhere couples or even three or four people that are not necessarily a family but they're getting together and they they will share the uh the space as long as they can work from there like hub and this is the and this is wonderful because these people are so much driven by experience and they can stay for months you know and they're willing to pay for it because somebody's paying them yeah so uh i guess the the there's two things that came out of that is one don't don't be limited by your own beliefs like myself and then also do your research so go out there look at the different groups look at facebook groups and find out who the digital nomad might be that you can talk to and and do that research now um i always knew that this episode was going to be a shorter episode so uh it's only going to be a couple more questions and they'll be quite quick the first one that i have with pricing you did mention that you have to be a bit more price considerate when you're looking at a longer term stay do you have any rules for that yes so the rules are um in in leisure at least uh i'm staying here for example in the winter right so this place for the summer is going like four times more than what i'm paying for one month so uh so so the in the off season if you are in a real leisure destination and you hosting outside of your season uh you would give probably about 40 of of your peak uh season price for a longest day uh but this is this is really really depend on the demand uh in start we have people who booked quite a bit of people uh who booked for three or four months for the whole season and they're working and living in a house uh and and prices didn't uh didn't change uh so it's it's really it's really depend on uh demand and and and supply and what you feel but i'm just saying of course normally you cannot take the your your nightly rate and and and multiply it by 60. it makes no sense even in in the otas or in your in your price tools they will suggest a different price i would say about 20 to 40 percent less so take the nightly rate multiply it in 30 or 60 days and take between 20 to 40 percent off uh as the first offer or the 20 is the first offer and then have a bit of negotiation yeah so um and then to me this if you want to get into this this really strikes me as is a bit more um you're not putting like direct bookings on your website you're saying hey contact us you put a little button and you're you're kind of you're doing a more personal sort of approach to maybe understanding what they need so for any of my clients or anyone out there i'd suggest just have a button say looking for a longer stay have a link maybe with some more information is to all those different services and then and then and then get them to call you or send you yeah this kind of people yeah right and this kind of people who wants to to stay at your place for longer of course they have many more questions and uh they if you will give them any hints that you're willing to listen to them that you're willing to uh to work it for them and and fit it for them of course it will be you you will be much more preferable um person to to take a decision rather than just to press the link on airbnb and make it a booking and reserve it and who knows what to what to expect so so yes if you have the possibility to turn some of your properties uh that fits to this trend into request to book uh in the major um at least i know that in airbnb and maybe vrbo it's possible um you can do it or really assist also a niche channel just like a smiling house uh that will do it parallel to you um and and and will target this said audience and will create this conversation in your behalf uh and will come back to you when people are ripe to uh and ready to uh to book your place yeah yeah yeah natural-born sales lady i love it good little fun i love it and that's why we have you on the show we're here to support your business but also to support each other's businesses that's why we do this show we ask for your time now look uh that our time is up it's been a short one but i'm gonna leave it there because we'll get you to come back and hopefully provide some more value to everybody i appreciate it so much it's so great to have you on thank you yeah thank you so much now um is there any outros is there anything that you would like to talk about or anything that we can do for you um yeah i would i would be happy to uh to be in touch with everybody that was listening to this great show uh to give a piece of advice for free and and even if you're not really in the segment of of of of our segment of of luxury i really want our industry to become stronger and and and and and more connected from the different parts of the world reach out to me i mean maria rockman a linkedin smiling house luxury you can find us on instagram on tick tock and of course on facebook and in our website smilinghouse.ch you will see the different destinations uh where we are active australia is not so much developed i'll be happy to hear about any uh amazing home any beautiful location uh that will fit out our collection and work together but really just to be in touch and to give a piece of advice and of course one last thing i haven't been there for a while but i'm going to come back there we have the str professional on clubhouse a great place to talk and to change and exchange ideas and to discuss topics and you can find me over there as well beautiful look um we haven't had time today to talk about one of your new business ventures um i we can come back to that late stage but folks be before we go i want to know in 30 seconds what it is what it's about and there'll be a link at the bottom which i want everyone to click on can you give us a 30 second elevator pitch yes we have two startups one called villa trekker is connecting the bridge between the legacy travel players travel agencies concierge companies um travel designers etc and ourselves the hosts the property managers and this is going to be very exciting new way to to to get bookings from people that been literally kicked out of the otas as the mediators so you can check in smiling house i'll give you the link for villa trekker possibility and you can even without being part of smiling house collection you can join us and put your property over there and to be exposed to to these professionals the other one is talking about homes that you have among your collection that they are for sale and the value that you as an as a vacation rental specialist as a host creating uh by managing these homes uh and that's called triangle i will give you the links for both beautiful so much to ask you about that but we'll leave that for another time thank you so much i really appreciate it thanks for everyone for listening please make sure that you subscribe to the show follow our links and leave us your comments below thank you once again thank you so much was wonderful have a nice evening bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @theaccommodationshow [1 likes]: Like our content? Support the channel! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQo89MBE_ExeHTfN5GtyupA?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @barts2717: 00:00 Digital Nomads - a trend you don’t want to miss
01:31 How Moriya got into the accommodation industry
03:04 Luxury Short Term Rentals - how Moriya started
08:34 What are the opportunities in luxury accommodations?
10:45 What are the needs and wants of digital nomads?
16:03 Upgrades you need to make to better appeal to the digital nomads 
17:29 Case Study of a Digital Nomad (Moriya)
18:33 How to find digital nomads?
20:58 Don't be limited by your own beliefs
21:36 Should you offer a discount for digital nomads?
23:12 Tips for attracting longer-term stays 
27:03 Moriya’s new business ventures

- Luxury Airbnb Investing: How to Profit from $1,000+ Nightly Stays: Kind: captions Language: en Luxury travel is booming and short-term rentals are leading the way. Demand for high-end stays, those costing over $1,000 per night, has skyrocketed 73% since 2019. But here's the big question. Is this the golden opportunity for investors? Stay with me because we're diving deep into the numbers, the trends, and the best strategies to capitalize on this lucrative market segment. Let's get started. [Music] Hey there, I'm Dustin with AirDNA, and in this video, we'll break down why luxury short-term rentals are thriving, the key factors driving demand, how you can optimize your property for high-end guests, and most importantly, how platforms like Airbnb Lux, One Fine Stay, and Villas of Distinction are shaping the landscape. And of course, I'll show you how AirDNA can help you make datadriven investment decisions to stay ahead. First, let's talk numbers. According to AirDNA data, demand for stays costing over $1,000 per night has grown by 73% since 2019. And for ultra luxury stays over $1,500 per night, demand has surged by a whopping 91.4%. In 2023 alone, there were 3.7 million demand nights for rentals priced between $1,000 and $14.99 per night. Meanwhile, 1.9 million demand nights were booked for properties charging over $1,500 per night. That's serious money on the table for investors who understand how to position their properties for the luxury market. What's fueling this massive surge in demand? Here are five key factors driving the luxury STR market. Higher disposable incomes. Since 2019, US households earning over $100,000 annually have grown by 7% with further increases expected. The need for privacy and space. In the wake of the CO 19 pandemic, more travelers are seeking secluded, spacious accommodations. A key advantage that short-term rentals have over hotels. Easy access to luxury rentals. With more platforms specializing in luxury listings than ever before, finding a high-end stay has never been easier. Personalized homelike comforts, private chefs, in-house spas, and tailored experiences make these stays ultra exclusive and ultra desirable. The rise of work and travel. With remote work more prevalent than ever before, travelers are blending business with pleasure, opting for high-end stays that offer workspace and luxury. If you're an investor looking to enter the luxury STR market, you can't just list any old property and expect premium bookings. You need to create an experience that aligns with the expectations of how luxury travelers are coming to the market. Here's how. Curate high-end amenities. Think spa level bathrooms, infinity pools, smart home tech, private gyms, things you wouldn't find at every short-term rental. Invest in sophisticated design. Luxury travelers expect elegant interiors, designer furnishings, and premium materials. Highlight your exclusive location. Whether it's a beachfront villa, city penthouse, or a mountain retreat, showcase the exclusivity through the photos you use on your listing. Deliver personalized experiences. If you can offer concierge services, a VIP tours, or unique welcome gifts, your listing will feel like a premium experience. Optimize your pricing strategy. Use dynamic pricing tools to stay competitive while maximizing profits. Not all platforms are created equal. If you're investing in a luxury short-term rental, these are the best sites to list your property. Airbnb Luxe, Airbnb's premium segment for handpicked high-end homes with dedicated trip designers for personalized service. One Fine Stay specializes in luxury homes in major cities offering 247 support and hotel life services. Dream Exotic Rentals focuses on one-of-a-kind high-end vacation rentals for unique travel experiences. Boutique Homes showcases architecturally stunning properties, attracting travelers who value design and luxury. Villas of Distinction offers private high-end villas with personalized concier services in over 50 global destinations. But here's the thing. Choosing the right platform is only half the battle. To maximize bookings and revenue, you need real time market insights. And that's where AirDn comes in. Success in the luxury STR market won't happen by accident. Smart investments and great returns happen when you invest using the best data. ARDNA's powerful tools help you analyze market trends, track occupancy rates, ADR growth, and demand fluctuations by market, submarket, and more. Identify profitable markets. Discover top performing locations for high-end STRs before the market gets saturated. See how much you can earn. Use AirDNA's rental calculator to get an accurate estimate for how much your property or future property could make as a short-term rental. With AirDNA, you have everything you need to make informed investment decisions all in one place. Luxury short-term rentals are more than just a trend. They're a high growth investment opportunity. But success in this space isn't just about owning a luxury property. It's about crafting exceptional guest experiences, optimizing pricing strategies, and using market data to stay ahead. Are you ready to capitalize on the luxury STR market? Hit that like button if you found this valuable. Drop a comment with your biggest takeaway or question. And don't forget to check out AirDNA, your all-in-one platform for short-term rental success. I'll see you in the next video and happy investing.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cristiano07-f4e [5 likes]: The Edveros app during the factory build phase is one of the more unusual things I've experienced as a property buyer. Watching your house being built on a live feed from 2,000 miles away is oddly compelling.
  2. @peterrichard9114: The Edveros unit we ordered for our care property passed every fire, thermal, and structural inspection first attempt. The inspector told us afterwards that factory-built certification packages usually make site inspections straightforward. They did.
  3. @RanjeetgontiyaGontiya: We were told it couldn't be built on our site. The Edveros planning team proved everyone wrong. In 7 weeks.
  4. @FlatCoreGaming: We had a 14-week lead time from contract to factory start on our Edveros. I used those 14 weeks to prepare the site. By the time anything moved, we were ready. The timeline was designed to work that way.
  5. @kuladipgaming5266: Conservation area planning permission for a contemporary design. I assumed years of battle. The Edveros architecture pack apparently answered every objection before it was made.
  6. @AbbaYahaya-x3d: Our Edveros generates electricity, heats its own water, manages its own air quality, and charges our car overnight. The building is more automated than most offices I've worked in. It asks nothing of us in return.

- Why Marriott, Hilton and Hyatt Don’t Actually Own Most of Their Hotels  | WSJ The Economics Of: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] There's something going on in the hotel industry. Just look at this one block in Chicago. These might seem like three different hotels, but they're actually all Marriott. Over the past 20 years, Marriott has more than tripled in size. And we can trace this boom back to a decision Marriott made decades ago, to move away from the real estate business and instead, commodify its name. - Well, of course, as you might imagine, we think we're the best. We are the largest, 8,700 hotels in 139 countries and territories, really showing expertise around the world for what we think hospitality means. - [Narrator] And you can see the same happening for competitors like Hilton, and now Hyatt, because they're also following a similar playbook. - It's commonplace to actually invest behind real estate in order to build a brand, and then over time, sell down real estate. We wanted to do it in a very deliberate way. - [Narrator] With this business model, the brands don't have to run most of the hotels that fly their flags, nor do they have to pay for them. In most cases, that responsibility falls on people like this guy. - So independent owner-operators like us generally own the hotels and employ the team members. Most people think that they are Marriott employees. They're generally MCR employees. - [Narrator] So why did this shift happen, and how does it affect the customers? This is the economics of hotel chains. The business today looks like this. These are the names you're familiar with, Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt. And these are the players who actually front the money to buy the real estate, hire the employees, and run the day-to-day operations. Owners pay to use these big hotel names, referred to as flags in the industry, and it's a departure from the tried and true strategy of decades before. - [Tyler] If you go back to the 50s, everything was owned, operated, and flagged by the same person. - [Narrator] MCR is the third largest hotel owner-operator behind these two real estate investment trusts. - We get all the revenue, and then we get whatever profits are left over. And we pay Marriott or Hilton a franchise fee to be part of their system. - [Narrator] That means hotel brands mainly have money to gain with every new hotel. - Because they were not on the hook for the asset cost, they were able to scale up their brands much faster. - [Narrator] Moving to franchising removed a lot of the financial risks associated with real estate. - One of the things we realized as those hotels got more and more popular is that by building them all on balance sheet and with dealing with economic cycles, we were constrained. Our growth was constrained. - [Narrator] Now, Marriott and Hilton each own less than 1% of their properties, while Hyatt owns about 2%. But in shifting to this strategy, major hotel brands now have to focus on a new customer. - The owner is the one that puts the brand onto their hotel, and that's what drives franchise fees to the brands. - [Narrator] Those fees can amount to anywhere from 5 to 15% of what the property brings in. So the brands have to prove that having the name is worth it. Hotel brands say. - It more than pays for itself. - [Narrator] Because in addition to data on how lobby should look and what amenities to have, they also provide data to help the owner get the most money for each room each night. - At the end of the day, you are saying, "What will the market bear?" When there's a Taylor Swift concert coming into a market, we see the rates literally out to 40 miles away go crazy. - [Narrator] In dynamic cities, the price of a room could change multiple times in one day. - We get questions all the time and they say, "I was gonna book for $199, and now the rate just went up to $249." You know, then you should have booked at the 199. The prices are fleeting. - Every one of our full-service hotels has a revenue manager, and they take account of what's going on in that particular marketplace. - [Narrator] And these systems also calculate rates that optimize for the hotel's bottom line. - [Tyler] We don't wanna sell out our hotels just on a Tuesday because then that leaves us exposed on Wednesday. So we may sell you that room at an extraordinarily high price because what we really want is for you to book Monday to Wednesday or Tuesday to Thursday. - [Narrator] This helps make up for less profitable days. - We're giving the rooms away on Sundays. It is the worst night of the week because business travel does not really occur on Sundays and neither does leisure travel. - [Narrator] Flying a flag can also help owners target wider pools of hotel customers, with better fees for booking platforms like Expedia and Booking.com. - So if you buy a hotel room via Expedia for a Marriott hotel, we pay a lower Expedia fee. We, the owner. - [Narrator] But analysts say an even bigger draw, "Our hotel loyalty programs." Marriott and Hilton each have over 180 million members. Hyatt has more than 40 million. And thanks to points, guests are incentivized to shop within these programs. - The points have essentially become currency. - [Narrator] Which can help increase the customer base for flagged hotels in smaller markets. - If you're in a secondary or tertiary market, you generally fly a flag because that brings people to your building 'cause they want the points. The idea is you earn the points in Corpus Christi or in Yuma, Arizona, and then you redeem them in Miami and New York. - [Narrator] Today, two-thirds of all hotels in the US are branded, but the franchise model isn't always beneficial. For owners in high-demand markets, like those with more leisure travel, independence might be a better option. - The highest performing hotels in Manhattan are independent hotels. You have a greater elasticity of demand. So usually, the highest performing hotels are smaller. - [Narrator] But brands do operate some properties mainly in this tier, whereas franchising mostly happens in these. - Those operations have dramatically fewer touch points and offerings by virtue of the fact that they're designed for a person who wants a great room to stay in, a quick option for breakfast, but they don't need other things. They don't need a ballroom. They don't need a specialty restaurant. They don't need a spa. - [Narrator] In the luxury tier, those amenities are expected, creating more complex logistics. That's why most luxury hotels are still operated by the hotel brand itself. - With respect to most other full service and luxury properties and resorts, we would prefer to manage because we wanna control all aspects of the delivery of the guest experience. - Specifically at the luxury end, we do overwhelmingly manage those hotels, and we wouldn't, for example, be talking about franchising an EDITION Hotel. What having this range of brands gives us the ability to appeal to our customer for every experience and location that they want, and that is really important for Bonvoy. - [Narrator] In some rare cases, hotel brands will still strategically purchase a property. Marriott bought this W Hotel in New York to use it as an incubator for new ideas and designs, and Hyatt purchased Hotel Irvine. - We bought the hotel. We completely renovated it. We will eventually sell that hotel. - [Narrator] But by and large, more hotels are outsourcing the owning and operating increasing the volume of branded properties offered to consumers today. - The customer now has more choices. They have more places to both earn and redeem. But what you have seen in the past 25 years is a consolidation. There are really three or four big hotel flag families now. - [Narrator] And looking at the properties in construction, the number of branded hotels is only set to increase.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [202 likes]: Hyatt is smaller than its hotel chain competitors. So how did it get to be the most expensive? Watch the Economics of Hyatt: https://on.wsj.com/3xt9yNf
How did Marriott become the largest hotel chain, with over 30 brands? Marriott’s CFO explains why this is just the beginning for the hospitality giant: https://on.wsj.com/3xhNqpb
  2. @chuck7432 [1 likes]: These Legacy hotels Hilton, Marriott isn’t fooling anyone.  They are buying all the trash hotels and motels and slapping their name on them.   It only took one or two stays at “Marriott” only to realize it is a rebranded Econolodge or Super 6. Fool me once but not twice.
  3. @gordonallen9095: Monopolies...💵
  4. @janetleeadams7287: The background soundtrack is totally irritating and unnecessary. Generally, people interested in WSJ videos can probably get through an 8-minute video without sound accompaniment. For the few of us with attention problems, the background noise makes it impossible to listen to the narration.
  5. @edmondchege7381: In Nairobi, they are all over
  6. @繁华背后: 🎉🎉
  7. @gurukanishka-e9e: Oyofication of western legacies
  8. @richardmckrell4899: Why is the narrator mispronouncing Marriott?
  9. @Merica9160: This can explain why I had a hard time finding a job in the hotel industry. I tried applying at different hotels only to discover that they are either owned by Marriot, Hilton or Hyatt.
  10. @wayneholmes2702: My advice to non luxury non business travelers. Review before and rate after, every stay and also track prices.
  11. @wayneholmes2702: This franchise model is destroying the non luxury experience of customers.
  12. @pardeepgupta9511: I would love a franchise for my corporate office plot NO. O-20 SECTOR 22E YEIDA 2000 sq meters corner facing 6 acre park and 100 acre AMRICAN UNIVERSITY  PART OF AEROTROPOLIS NOIDA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT NCR DELHI
  13. @dr.chocolatepro8237: Lemme summarize it for everybody "They took the McDonald's Strategy and Franchises their business"
  14. @michalkosinski4459: simply outsourcing reached the hotel industry , we gave the brand you people care about infrastructure demands , guess where all profits land
  15. @ganweijun3976: Interesting video thank you
  16. @MrSeattledan: putting middle men in that system increases prices right? why didnt you create svc or apple or mcr hotel chain to compete with that 3 giants? obviously too much competition cant be good for business but for the customers right
  17. @apollocobain8363: Hyatt = Pritzker
  18. @esayasasefa5551: Anyone else bothered by her mispronunciation of Marriott
  19. @TedAlba-v8p: Ask those which are discriminated by these Sub-Contractors...
  20. @amoragirl15: Years ago, I was stranded in a city for a couple extra days. All the decent hotels were full. I had no choice but to stay at a Days Inn. It was a horrible experience, and because it was considered independently-owned corporate couldn’t do anything to help me. This strategy of not owning the hotels is terrible for customers.

- Top 5 Hospitality Trends 2026 - AI, Hotels & Short-Term Rentals: Kind: captions Language: en-US My name is Daniel Vosotas, and if you run a hotel,&nbsp; manage luxury villas, or host short-term rentals,&nbsp;&nbsp; 2026 is not just another year for you. It’s one&nbsp; of those pivot years where guest expectations,&nbsp;&nbsp; technology, and the way people travel all shift&nbsp; at the same time. The operators who see the&nbsp;&nbsp; shift early and adapt are going to feel a lot more&nbsp; confident and in control over the next few years,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the ones who don’t are going to wonder why&nbsp; the same playbook suddenly stopped working. In&nbsp;&nbsp; this video, I’m going to walk you through the top&nbsp; five hospitality trends for 2026 that I’m seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; across hotels, villas, and short-term rentals&nbsp; worldwide, in a way that’s practical and grounded&nbsp;&nbsp; in day-to-day operations, not theory. And if you&nbsp; stay with me all the way through, I’ll give you&nbsp;&nbsp; a simple way at the end to decide which one or&nbsp; two of these trends you should act on first in&nbsp;&nbsp; your own business, so you finish this video with&nbsp; a clear next step, not just more information.&nbsp; Before we dive in, I need to be very clear about&nbsp; what this channel is and what it isn’t. This&nbsp;&nbsp; video is for educational purposes only. I do not&nbsp; offer financial advice or investment services.&nbsp;&nbsp; I’m not asking you to invest in anything, I’m&nbsp; not making promises about returns, and nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; here should be taken as a recommendation to buy,&nbsp; sell, or hold any type of asset. Any references I&nbsp;&nbsp; make to blockchain, tokenization, or DeFi are&nbsp; purely informational and always tied back to&nbsp;&nbsp; how hospitality and real estate operations are&nbsp; evolving, not how anyone should manage their&nbsp;&nbsp; personal finances. If you ever need financial&nbsp; or legal advice, please speak with a qualified&nbsp;&nbsp; professional who knows your specific situation.&nbsp; My goal here is simple: to share what I’m seeing&nbsp;&nbsp; in the hospitality world after more than&nbsp; four decades in this industry so you can&nbsp;&nbsp; make better decisions in your own business. I’ve spent over forty years in hospitality&nbsp;&nbsp; – owning and operating hotels, working with&nbsp; brands like Marriott, Hilton, and Holiday Inn,&nbsp;&nbsp; and more recently focusing on luxury short-term&nbsp; rentals and villas in international markets. I’ve&nbsp;&nbsp; seen this industry through recessions, booms, new&nbsp; distribution channels, and a whole lot of change,&nbsp;&nbsp; but what’s happening right now feels different&nbsp; because the changes are happening all at once.&nbsp;&nbsp; Guests are more digital, more mobile, more&nbsp; value-conscious, and at the same time more&nbsp;&nbsp; demanding about experience, sustainability,&nbsp; and wellness. Technology has finally caught&nbsp;&nbsp; up to a lot of the ideas we used to talk about&nbsp; as “the future,” and now it’s on our doorstep&nbsp;&nbsp; as a practical tool, not a futuristic concept. Let’s start with the first big trend for 2026,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is the shift from technology being an add-on&nbsp; to becoming a core part of how hospitality runs&nbsp;&nbsp; day to day. A few years ago, AI chatbots,&nbsp; digital check-in, and smart room controls&nbsp;&nbsp; sounded like nice extras that only big brands&nbsp; or cutting-edge properties could justify. Today,&nbsp;&nbsp; we’re at a point where guests actually expect some&nbsp; level of automation and self-service, especially&nbsp;&nbsp; for simple things. They’re used to messaging apps&nbsp; and instant answers. They don’t want to stand in&nbsp;&nbsp; line to ask what time breakfast starts or to&nbsp; request extra towels. At the same time, your&nbsp;&nbsp; team is under pressure from staffing shortages&nbsp; and rising labor costs. That creates a natural&nbsp;&nbsp; push toward AI-powered tools: automated messaging,&nbsp; task assignment, basic pre-arrival communication,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even predictive maintenance in the background.&nbsp; When this is done right, technology isn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; replacing people; it’s taking friction out of the&nbsp; simple interactions so your staff can focus on&nbsp;&nbsp; the moments that actually require a human touch –&nbsp; resolving problems, creating surprise-and-delight&nbsp;&nbsp; experiences, and building real loyalty. If you run a small hotel or a handful of villas,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might be thinking, “That’s great for the big&nbsp; guys, but I don’t have a tech department.” The&nbsp;&nbsp; good news is you don’t need one. Many of the&nbsp; tools coming into the market are cloud-based,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscription-style, and designed for&nbsp; operators who are not tech experts.&nbsp;&nbsp; The key, especially in 2026, is to pick one&nbsp; or two automation points that will make the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest difference, instead of trying to&nbsp; overhaul everything at once. For example,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe your first step is adding a branded&nbsp; guest messaging system that integrates with&nbsp;&nbsp; your property management system so that every&nbsp; question, from directions to late check-out,&nbsp;&nbsp; flows into one place. Or maybe you start&nbsp; with digital check-in and smart locks in&nbsp;&nbsp; your villas, so you’re not coordinating key&nbsp; hand-offs at odd hours. Over time, you can&nbsp;&nbsp; layer on more: housekeeping automation, simple&nbsp; AI assistants that answer routine questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; even basic analytics that show you which questions&nbsp; guests ask most often so you can fix root causes.&nbsp; The second trend is what I’d call real&nbsp; personalization, not just putting someone’s&nbsp;&nbsp; name in the confirmation email. Guests in 2026&nbsp; are absolutely flooded with options – hundreds of&nbsp;&nbsp; hotels in a city, thousands of short-term rentals&nbsp; in a region – and they’re starting to gravitate&nbsp;&nbsp; toward stays that feel like they were designed for&nbsp; them. Personalization shows up in little details:&nbsp;&nbsp; knowing whether a guest prefers a firm pillow or&nbsp; a soft one, offering a quiet room to a business&nbsp;&nbsp; traveler by default, having non-alcoholic&nbsp; options ready for someone who doesn’t drink,&nbsp;&nbsp; or making sure a family with young kids doesn’t&nbsp; end up in a room right above the bar. A lot of&nbsp;&nbsp; this doesn’t require a huge budget; it requires&nbsp; better use of the information you already have&nbsp;&nbsp; and a mindset shift from “every guest is&nbsp; the same” to “every guest has a profile.”&nbsp; Technology helps here too. Modern hospitality&nbsp; systems and even simple CRM tools give you the&nbsp;&nbsp; ability to capture preferences, tag guests, and&nbsp; keep notes that actually get used on the next&nbsp;&nbsp; stay. In 2026, the properties that stand&nbsp; out are the ones that connect those dots.&nbsp;&nbsp; That could look like a pre-arrival message&nbsp; asking, “Are you traveling for work, leisure,&nbsp;&nbsp; or both?” or “Are you bringing kids or pets?” and&nbsp; then using the answers to shape the stay – from&nbsp;&nbsp; room assignment to local recommendations. For&nbsp; a luxury villa, it could mean pre-stocking the&nbsp;&nbsp; fridge based on a short questionnaire, arranging&nbsp; a private chef for the first night, or making sure&nbsp;&nbsp; the workspace is set up properly for a guest who&nbsp; plans to work remote while they’re there. When&nbsp;&nbsp; a guest feels seen and taken care of, not just&nbsp; processed, they’re far more likely to come back,&nbsp;&nbsp; leave positive reviews, and tell their friends. Trend number three is the continued rise and&nbsp;&nbsp; professionalization of luxury short-term rentals&nbsp; and villas. For a long time, hotels and short-term&nbsp;&nbsp; rentals were treated like two separate&nbsp; universes. Hotels were the professional&nbsp;&nbsp; choice with standards and brand consistency,&nbsp; and short-term rentals were the more casual,&nbsp;&nbsp; home-like option that could be hit or miss. That&nbsp; line has blurred dramatically. We now see more&nbsp;&nbsp; professionally managed villas and short-term&nbsp; rentals that deliver hotel-level service:&nbsp;&nbsp; airport transfers, concierge, housekeeping, chef&nbsp; services, and curated experiences, especially in&nbsp;&nbsp; the luxury segment. At the same time, many hotels&nbsp; have started to look more like short-term rentals,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering apartment-style rooms, kitchenettes,&nbsp; flexible layouts, and co-living options.&nbsp; In 2026, travelers at the higher end of the&nbsp; market are often looking for three things at once:&nbsp;&nbsp; privacy, space, and reliability. A well-run villa&nbsp; or short-term rental can check all three boxes if&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s operated with hotel-grade standards. Guests&nbsp; want the feeling of having their own home – their&nbsp;&nbsp; own pool, their own living spaces – but they&nbsp; also want to know the linens will be spotless,&nbsp;&nbsp; the wifi will work, and someone will pick up the&nbsp; phone at eleven at night if there’s a problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you’re in the villa or short-term&nbsp; rental space, that’s your opportunity:&nbsp;&nbsp; treating each property like a micro-hotel with&nbsp; clear standards, documented procedures, and a&nbsp;&nbsp; consistent guest journey. If you’re in hotels,&nbsp; this trend is a reminder that your competition&nbsp;&nbsp; may not look like another branded hotel down&nbsp; the street; it may be a single incredible&nbsp;&nbsp; villa on the coast, or a cluster of high-end&nbsp; apartments run by a professional operator.&nbsp; There’s a regulatory side to this as well. Around&nbsp; the world, we’re seeing tighter rules in some&nbsp;&nbsp; urban markets and more interest in expanding&nbsp; tourism to secondary and rural locations.&nbsp;&nbsp; That doesn’t mean the short-term rental story&nbsp; is over; it means we’re moving toward a more&nbsp;&nbsp; mature stage where professional operations,&nbsp; compliance, and community impact all matter.&nbsp;&nbsp; As an operator, you want to be on the right side&nbsp; of that evolution: transparent with local rules,&nbsp;&nbsp; respectful of neighbors, and thoughtful about how&nbsp; your properties fit into the broader destination.&nbsp;&nbsp; Long term, that’s what will separate sustainable&nbsp; operations from the ones that get squeezed out.&nbsp; The fourth big trend for 2026 is that&nbsp; sustainability and wellness have moved&nbsp;&nbsp; from marketing buzzwords to baseline expectations.&nbsp; Guests increasingly care about how you operate,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just what your property looks like.&nbsp; They’re asking questions about energy use,&nbsp;&nbsp; waste, water, and local impact, even if they&nbsp; never say it out loud. At the same time,&nbsp;&nbsp; many travelers are looking for stays that help&nbsp; them feel better – physically and mentally – not&nbsp;&nbsp; just entertained. Wellness tourism isn’t just&nbsp; yoga retreats anymore; it’s everything from&nbsp;&nbsp; good sleep environments and quiet spaces to&nbsp; healthy food options and access to nature.&nbsp; For hotels, this can start with simple, measurable&nbsp; steps: LED lighting, smart thermostats, better&nbsp;&nbsp; insulation, water-saving fixtures, and thoughtful&nbsp; housekeeping practices that reduce waste without&nbsp;&nbsp; compromising cleanliness. It also means being&nbsp; honest – if you’re not a fully eco property, don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; pretend to be, but show guests what you are doing&nbsp; and where you’re headed. For villas and short-term&nbsp;&nbsp; rentals, sustainability might mean partnering with&nbsp; local suppliers instead of importing everything,&nbsp;&nbsp; installing solar where it makes sense, offering&nbsp; filtered water instead of endless plastic bottles,&nbsp;&nbsp; and designing outdoor spaces that work with&nbsp; the local environment instead of against it.&nbsp; On the wellness side, think about what a guest’s&nbsp; body and mind actually go through when they&nbsp;&nbsp; travel: jet lag, inconsistent sleep, rich food,&nbsp; screen fatigue, and constant stimulation. You&nbsp;&nbsp; don’t have to build a full spa to respond. You&nbsp; can start with blackout curtains, comfortable&nbsp;&nbsp; mattresses, quiet air conditioning, spaces with&nbsp; natural light, maybe a small corner with yoga&nbsp;&nbsp; mats or a simple stretch guide. For villas, that&nbsp; could include outdoor showers, shaded work areas,&nbsp;&nbsp; or partnerships with local massage therapists,&nbsp; trainers, or guides who can come to the property.&nbsp;&nbsp; The goal is to help people leave feeling better&nbsp; than when they arrived, not more exhausted.&nbsp; Trend number five is the deepening of bleisure&nbsp; and work-from-anywhere travel. For years,&nbsp;&nbsp; people talked about combining business and&nbsp; leisure travel; now it’s baked into how a&nbsp;&nbsp; lot of people live and work. Remote and hybrid&nbsp; work models mean guests are booking longer stays,&nbsp;&nbsp; working during the day and exploring mornings,&nbsp; evenings, or weekends. For hospitality operators,&nbsp;&nbsp; that changes what a good stay looks like. It’s not&nbsp; just a nice bed and a good shower; it’s a reliable&nbsp;&nbsp; workspace, serious Wi-Fi, plenty of outlets, and&nbsp; spaces where someone can take a video call without&nbsp;&nbsp; feeling like they’re in the middle of a bar. In 2026, many destinations are positioning&nbsp;&nbsp; themselves specifically as hubs for digital nomads&nbsp; or remote workers. For hotels, that might mean&nbsp;&nbsp; transforming certain areas into co-working-style&nbsp; lounges, offering weekly or monthly rates with&nbsp;&nbsp; extras like laundry and simple printing, and&nbsp; adjusting your food and beverage to support people&nbsp;&nbsp; who are on property all day instead of away at&nbsp; the office. For villas and short-term rentals, it&nbsp;&nbsp; might mean designing at least one room or corner&nbsp; as a proper workspace, making sure the chairs and&nbsp;&nbsp; desk heights are comfortable, clearly stating your&nbsp; internet speeds, and offering stay lengths that&nbsp;&nbsp; make sense for remote workers – not just two-night&nbsp; weekends, but ten-night or one-month packages.&nbsp; Longer stays also affect how you think about&nbsp; housekeeping, pricing, and community. Guests&nbsp;&nbsp; staying for two or three weeks often want&nbsp; a different level of integration with the&nbsp;&nbsp; local area. They might be more interested in&nbsp; grocery stores, gyms, coworking spaces, and&nbsp;&nbsp; schools than museums and tours. If you understand&nbsp; that and build it into your communication – your&nbsp;&nbsp; pre-arrival emails, your digital guidebooks,&nbsp; or your front-desk conversations – you can turn&nbsp;&nbsp; your property into a base for people’s&nbsp; real lives, not just a break from them.&nbsp; Underneath all five of these trends&nbsp; – automation, personalization,&nbsp;&nbsp; professional villas, sustainability and wellness,&nbsp; and work-from-anywhere travel – there’s a common&nbsp;&nbsp; thread: the industry is becoming more data-driven&nbsp; and more connected. That’s where some of the&nbsp;&nbsp; newer technology like blockchain and tokenization&nbsp; quietly sits in the background. You don’t have to&nbsp;&nbsp; be a crypto person to benefit from better digital&nbsp; infrastructure. Over time, we’re going to see more&nbsp;&nbsp; secure ways to manage guest identity, loyalty,&nbsp; and bookings; more transparent ways to see where&nbsp;&nbsp; your money is going in the operational stack;&nbsp; and maybe even new forms of digital credits or&nbsp;&nbsp; loyalty points that guests can earn and use across&nbsp; different types of stays. When I talk about those&nbsp;&nbsp; tools, it’s always in the context of operations&nbsp; – how they might simplify reconciliations,&nbsp;&nbsp; reduce fraud, or make it easier to reward your&nbsp; best guests – not as something to speculate on.&nbsp; So, what do you actually do with all of this if&nbsp; you’re watching and feeling a little overwhelmed?&nbsp;&nbsp; The first step is to be honest about where&nbsp; you are. You don’t have to implement every&nbsp;&nbsp; trend tomorrow. Maybe your biggest pain&nbsp; right now is staff time at the front desk;&nbsp;&nbsp; in that case, starting with a good guest&nbsp; messaging platform and clear pre-arrival&nbsp;&nbsp; communication could change your life. Maybe your&nbsp; reviews mention that guests loved your staff but&nbsp;&nbsp; wished the property felt more up to date; that&nbsp; might be your signal to focus on small touches&nbsp;&nbsp; of personalization and sustainability that&nbsp; guests can see and feel. If your occupancy&nbsp;&nbsp; is solid on weekends but soft midweek, maybe you&nbsp; experiment with remote-worker friendly packages&nbsp;&nbsp; that include faster Wi-Fi, workspaces, and&nbsp; a slightly different housekeeping cadence.&nbsp; Here’s the simple filter I promised you at the&nbsp; beginning. As you think about these five trends,&nbsp;&nbsp; ask yourself three quick questions. First, which&nbsp; trend is already showing up in my reviews or guest&nbsp;&nbsp; comments, even indirectly? Second, which trend,&nbsp; if I made a small move in the next thirty days,&nbsp;&nbsp; would my guests actually notice and appreciate?&nbsp; And third, which trend would genuinely make&nbsp;&nbsp; life easier for my team, not just add another&nbsp; task? The trend that checks all three boxes is&nbsp;&nbsp; usually the one you should start with. You&nbsp; don’t need a fifteen-page strategy plan;&nbsp;&nbsp; you need one or two concrete changes,&nbsp; tested over the next quarter, that move&nbsp;&nbsp; you closer to where the industry is clearly going. Let me also repeat the disclaimer before we wrap&nbsp;&nbsp; up because it matters. Everything I’m sharing&nbsp; here is based on my experience in hospitality&nbsp;&nbsp; and on what I’m seeing across the industry right&nbsp; now. This video is for educational purposes only.&nbsp;&nbsp; I do not offer financial advice or investment&nbsp; services. Any mention of blockchain, tokenization,&nbsp;&nbsp; or other technologies is purely informational&nbsp; and strictly related to how hospitality and real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate operations are evolving. If you&nbsp; have financial, tax, or legal questions,&nbsp;&nbsp; please speak with a licensed professional&nbsp; who understands your specific situation.&nbsp; If this breakdown of the top hospitality trends&nbsp; for 2026 helped you see your business a little&nbsp;&nbsp; more clearly, feel free to stay on the channel&nbsp; and check out some of the other educational videos&nbsp;&nbsp; here. I’ll keep sharing what I’m seeing in hotels,&nbsp; luxury villas, and short-term rentals, and how&nbsp;&nbsp; operators can navigate this next chapter in a way&nbsp; that’s sustainable, guest-focused, and grounded&nbsp;&nbsp; in reality. Thanks for watching, I’m Daniel&nbsp; Vosotas, and I’ll see you in the next video.

- How Hemlane's Repair and Maintenance Dashboard creates Standards and Rules of the Road for Investors: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone how you doing today we brought uh dana from hemline back how are you doing dana i'm great thanks for having me hey one of the things i'd want to do as a landlord is i wanted to introduce folks to hemline's dashboards around maintenance and repairs right we i think we've already hit kind of the rent collection and tenant selection but let's show them how him lane makes it easier to kind of manage uh the repair and maintenance dashboard i think that'd be very interesting for folks to see there you go great and um one of the things um whether you are using software or whether you're doing uh property management with pen and paper is is making sure that you have everything set up and documented and i can't emphasize that enough um you know in every state it's different but a lot of most states are you know 30 days to do maintenance and repair and get it done and if you are waiting on a tenant like they're not responding to you you need all of that documented because if it gets past 30 days you have to say no i've called them called text and emailed them 50 times i have not heard from them here's all the documentation i was definitely going to get this done um and you get into a lot of those situations um so we have a maintenance and repair section here and um you can go ahead and see how many open requests you have um just to get started and i'll give you a high level overview uh you want to set yourself up for success so whether you're doing the repair coordination or whether our team is helping if you do have your own service professionals put them in the system and one of the things um that we do that you should do whether you're using software or you are not is making sure that you know everything about the service professional so okay i have frank's electricians here what properties can they service that i have in my portfolio but what's their pricing what's their minimum fee their pricing notes do they do 24 7 emergency hours or not are they available on weekends are they insured licensed bonded and you can basically go through and say yes or no but these are questions that you should be asking them right because you need to know this stuff and then also in documents they can upload insurance licensing price lists etc so the more you know about your team on the ground the better um in our case we do this with our service professionals to make sure we really know what's happening they have a service call fee can that be applied towards the invoice actual bill or is it a trip charge plus some sort of fee whether it's hourly or flat flat rate afterwards you need to know all of that the other thing is instructions knowing everything about your property um and so there's properties that you're self-managing there's properties we may be helping manage in which case we have things that are required that we have to know for your property um but when you go through that process and fill this out you know thresholds if you have a service professional going out and they say it's going to be 89 to go out right your next question is okay do i want to just allow them to do the work or should i instruct them that they need to call me for approval and a lot of times you don't want to give them your threshold you might say i think this is going to be about you know under 300 dollars but if um they're on site you don't want to tell them it's going to be a 300 threshold because they're going to charge you 299 dollars um and so you're going to want to say okay great 89 service call if it's above that call me right and then you're going to want to know what your thresholds are or tell us what those are so we know when to call you um who your service professionals are who are you calling or are you using our network and then who's the billing contact as well as um you know what are access points where's the water shut off location where's the breaker box location i can't emphasize knowing all of this stuff in advance will really help speed things up what kind of appliances do you have what are tenant responsibilities um so we put all of this in here to be very comprehensive so whether we're helping with your repair coordination or whether you're doing it yourself we know everything about the property or you do to make that request a lot shorter with a faster turnaround that this is amazing i mean again i've been a landlord for 20 years and you know we've gotten pretty good at kind of doing the same quality across the board so i've set the standards but that was probably eight or ten years in the making you know right now it's the same paint same appliances same same same but it wasn't always easy what is interesting here is but back to you know where is this shut off all this i mean i don't think i've ever asked that question after 20 years and you're right especially if you're going out of state and you and you're just testing a new team you should you know hey you could turn this over to them to fill out like hey if you're going to go be my property manager here's 12 questions to go answer just so you're more in the know i i um i think that's pretty cool i had not thought about that yeah um and and it really does help because when you're in emergency situation you need to know that i think my internet went out here for a second on my uh dashboard let me just refresh it um but yeah so you definitely want to know that stuff in advance um breaker box location i can't tell you how many tenants don't know what a breaker box is right and so they're calling homeowners too not only tenants to homeowners that don't know yeah exactly you need to go into the closet um to get to that um the other thing we do when a tenant does submit a request online through the system we're asking for things like permission to enter who is going to be the scheduling contact the person on site a lot of times tenants don't want to be there um i don't know what just happened with my internet here um a lot of times tenants don't want to be there for um uh for uh the maintenance and repair and one thing you will notice with that is that they might not want to be there and then you send out a service professional who says i can't find what the problem is and suddenly then you just send someone out and the tenant's not there to say this is the problem this is what's been happening and you're paying a service call fee i'm so putting all of that in as upfront um and making sure when the tenant puts it in who's gonna be the scheduling contact you know um do you have photos please upload those if you don't have photos why not um when they submit the request it's not my dishwasher is broken but like exactly what's wrong with it and so we have on the limits on like how much they should put into the system um like the the characters we have minimum characters of like you need to do this keep writing we need to know exactly where it is um it really helps speed up your process and a quick turnaround so you have service professionals who want to work with you because they're like okay you know what you're talking about um by the time it gets to them yeah i really liked all that maintenance and repair stuff that's against stuff that sometimes new investors don't think about because they're so excited to get the deal right but you know the real work start after you own it so going in and creating a list of preferred providers using your network tracking requests especially if you're an investor where multiple properties in different states this kind of central console makes it does the best job that i've seen of making sure the rules of the road are the same across all providers because that's always been my concern for you know investors that go hey i got two here and two there and two here it's like how do you know the rules of the road right because they do it that way they do it this way they do it that way i'm like you're going to be ripped off by someone this is a way at least you you do your best kind of everybody's the same and as you as the owner you should be able to do that so taking a look at that repair and maintenance dashboard was pretty pretty impressive nice work great yeah and a lot of it to your point is up front um if you do the upfront work and you set those expectations with tenants and you have a standard process the same every single time um you'll do pretty well yeah so there's two things i want to hit make sure first and foremost folks if you are a landlord have out-of-state stuff you should sign up for their 30-day trial again just go take a look go get a feel i would really tell you to look at the repair and maintenance and just see how that can become standard and then lastly if you want to sign up for him lane dana's been nice enough to give you a coupon code or a discount or whatever you want to call it is my last name zuber z-u-b-e-r just reach out let them know you're part of one rental at a time the discount is uber and uh any closing uh comments dana um i think uh make sure you also mention uh michael's name there um so we can show you exactly where to put that discount code very cool dana well thank you very much it's a lot of fun very nice job with that repaired means that was pretty impressive thanks michael thanks for having me

  Top Comments:
  1. @rei_cowboy [1 likes]: This stuff is a lot of good info. You are right Zuber, I have my one property and I told myself, I will just learn as I go.
  2. @TheRealEstateInvestingAcademy [1 likes]: As a long time Hemlane user, this is a must have platform. Dana and her team crush it.

- 14 Things I Wish I Knew BEFORE I Started Airbnb: Kind: captions Language: en okay so point one the occupancy rate that so many people get obsessed with when they're starting out means almost nothing when I started I was obsessed with occupancy I was always pushing trying to get it to 100% I was lowering rates offering one night stays just to fill up those little gaps and you know what I find out I was taking bck that I shouldn't have had and in actual fact the higher the occupancy it actually became less profitable for me but the opposite is also true having a lower occupancy can actually mean you're more profitable the goal should always be to maximize the rates that you're charging and then ultimately The Profit that you're left with at the end of the month because remember you can get 100% occupancy with tenants but you're not going to be happy with that nightly rate now I say it means almost nothing because really if you have an occupancy rate of around 85% you're smashing it that means your rates are just that two bit high that not everyone is going to be able to book them but the people that do book them are paying top whack so if you're speaking to someone who's already got started and they're boasting about how they've got 99% occupancy guess what their prices are too cheap you need to save yourself the hassle of trying to manually adjust these things yourself and link up to a rate pricing software like price Labs where they are going to adjust your rates based on your availability and the demand in the area that is what you want to be doing okay number two and the thing that I wish I knew the most when I was starting out is that the location of the property is the most important thing when you're getting started and why well it's because it's the only thing that can't be changed once you decide it if you take a property on in an undesirable or unsafe area it doesn't matter how nice you've done it up inside guess are going to come and just not like it and they're going to leave you bad reviews when I was just starting out and I was hungry to grow the portfolio I took on properties that I knew weren't in the best location here in Belfast they were slightly further out of the city center but I thought it'll be okay but no guess you're coming if it's in a city center location they want to be in the city center they want to be close to all the action the bars restaurants cafes attractions everything that your area has and if you think of the city like a little heat map the further out you get from the center the cooler your rates are going to get by k i me bad and if you're not in a city center if you're in a rural location well then think of it more of the setting that your property sits in does it have beautiful views or is it sitting right beside an abattoir or some horrible Factory with the smells are going to come wafting into your property I don't mean to take the extremes like this but it really is important to think about not just the inside of the property and your customer service but also the outside of the property what the guest experience when not only they're on their way to the property but when they're actually in it and experienc in their stay the Third thing I wish I knew before I started was that you cannot fight the market forces of supply and demand now I'm no Economist but I know if your property [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] then no one's going to book it your property is going to be a product and just like on a site like Amazon reviews are going to come in judging how good it is and those reviews are going to impact the demand for your property so what that means is if you're opening a property in a place where there's a ton of Supply already well then you have to work damn hard to stand out from everyone else in your area and offer something exceptionally different or better that's going to make the demand for your place that much higher now you might be thinking well I'm in an area where there's no airbnbs so I'm going to open mine and I'm going to get all the demand because I'm the only Supply but in reality there may be a reason why there are no other airbnbs in that area maybe the demand just isn't there or maybe it is and you're going to be the first one there in the gold rush if you want to check it you use a website like airdna it's going to show you the types of Gest that are going to come what nightly R you can charge and it's just going to make everything when you're getting started so much easier now before I go on who the hell am I and why should you listen to me well my name is Dave I'm the founder of an award-winning property management company here in Belfast we host over 15,000 guests a year across 75 properties doing about £4 million in bookings I'm an author of an Amazon number one best seller and I love helping people either get started in Airbnb or scale up the right way but most importantly I remember what it was like when I was just starting out there were no books you could read there were no courses the Airbnb platform didn't even exist yes I know I learned everything through trial and error and there were lots of errors and that's why this channel exists to help clever driven good-looking people just like you get started in Airbnb and dominate so let's get back to the video and then at number four guests can be T now not all of them and they're not all going to be complete but you get a lot of guests who are going to come and they're just pling selfish and or rud to you as the host now if you're offering a quality product which you better be then you're going to get guests who expect a lot they're the type of guests that if your their steak isn't cooked properly in a restaurant they're going to ask for a refund fund or if their coffee is not hot enough when it's served they're going to ask for another one you know the type maybe you are that type but the issue is when it comes to you and your Airbnb if they find one hair one piece of dust one little thing that's wrong in your entire property throughout the entire stay they're going to come after you looking for a refund because remember like I always say this is a Hospitality business and you're running basically a small hotel so unfortunately you're going to have to suck it up say yes or no sir I'm so sorry about this mistake and deal with it offer a refund it's due if something has gone wrong you probably write the offer one but do not be blackmailed there are so many people out there who just look for something or just invent something to try and get a refund on their stay and get a completely free stay and they'll tell you if you don't give us a refund we're going to leave you a negative review don't let that happen report that to Airbnb that guest will probably get in trouble with Airbnb Point number five is that again with guests guests do not care about you or your time now I know you want to be delivering awesome customer service but a often to the guests you are just an annoying little person who works at reception who's going to let them in so they can get home with their holiday and that's fair enough but of course they assume that there is a reception when of course there's not it's just your property in the middle of your street or your apartment block and you're in there waiting for them to arrive it was so many times I would be waiting at one of my properties to do a meet and greet the guests on their way would just change plans go and decide to go to the Chance's Causeway or stop for lunch and did not tell you so the agreed time that they were supposed to arrive you've been sitting there already a bit early and then their next thing there're 3 hours late or likewise you could be sitting at 11:00 p.m. and a message will come in from a guest and they expect an immediate reply it's effectively they think they're in a hotel room and they're lifting the phone and pushing zero to phone reception that there's always going to be someone there Wai and by the phone but again like before this is the hassle that comes with Airbnb you are running the hospitality business guests do have questions they are entitled to change their plans on the way to come and stay so the best thing that you can do is to try and put measures in place to try and stop it happening if you are going to do me and grates make sure you tell the guest that you're going to be there waiting for them and if the plans change to please let you know but also bring your laptop bring stuff that you can actually work on while you're waiting for the guests so it's not just wasted time and lastly effective communication with the guests before and during their stay is key so leave a really thorough guest book for guests whenever they get into the property so they don't need to phone you at 11:00 p.m. to find out how the microwave works and before they arrive you can send them all your information about how to check in how everything works then so hopefully if they read it then they're going to be equipped to know what everything is how everything works and hopefully not torch you in the middle of the night so the SI I'm going to stop doing this so the sixth thing that I wish I knew when I started out is that growing an Airbnb business is actually really hard one property is very manageable two properties is manageable as well now if you want to know how to do that you can click this link and watch this video there are ways to systemize it but once you get past two or three properties things get a little crazy you can end up stretched and overworked you're spinning all sorts of plates now it's of course the right thing to do to leverage out systems and people and Tech but once you get some of that work off your plate remember you're the owner you're the person who cares about this more than anyone you can deliver the personal touch you can answer the phone at 11:00 p.m. once you start chipping away at that then it is a fact of life that the quality of the interactions that your guest will have will drop and that's going to end up in lower review scores overall than if you had your hands on absolutely everything and you were managing everything yourself now if you're willing to accept that well then great go for your life but if you are someone who wants to maybe micromanage and have everything sitting absolutely perfectly well then I would say stick to one or two properties okay Point number seven the utas when I say UTA I mean online travel agent Airbnb booking.com Expedia whatever they do not give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about us hosts they only care about themselves and the guests and they call us partners especially on booking.com but we're not Partners is he gaslighting me in their eyes we work for them so they will not back you they will not side with you against the guest unless you have everything in your policies and your house rules and stuff in writing between you and the guest absolute watertight evidence that you can prove that the guest is not being so nice all the guest needs to do is go complaining Airbnb booking.com and those sites are going to come down on us like a ton of bricks because we've annoyed their guests and why do they do that well it's because they want guests on their platform to have the best experience so they're willing to step on us to keep those guests booking through rbnb or the others now if you're still here and you're enjoying hearing about all the mistakes that I made when I started out why don't you hit that way hit that we subscribe button there is it doing that week flashy glowy thing hit that subscribe button now I only started focusing on this channel a few months ago and I'm so grateful for every view that I get but I'm even more grateful for those who hit the Subscribe button and want to follow me on this crazy Journey okay back to it and now number eight and it's the importance of vetting guests and what does vetting mean when a booking comes in don't just accept it take time to dig in to see who the guest is read their Past reviews look at their guest history on booking.com if they look a little young on their Airbnb profile do a little digging if you're a little bit unsure about them on booking.com cuz you can see their address is 2 miles down the road from your property you need to go a bit deeper here a lot of people when they get started I was included you're so trusting of the people who want to come and stay in your place that you think everyone's just nice and is going to treat my property with respect and in reality it's not I've been hit with parties before where people have wrecked the place it's a nightmare to clean you've annoyed neighbors your cleaners are pissed off I've been hit with prostitutes who travel around the UK maybe the world and use these properties to conduct their business in again on Happy cleaners again on happppy neighbors probably some happy customers but honestly when I got started I didn't expect there to be just so many types of bad guests out there who almost pray on us Airbnb hosts and I actually think they probably pray on new Airbnb hosts because they're naive hotels have security guards and people there on site 24/7 to make sure none of this dodgy stuff's happening and Airbnb is tucked away quiet secluded you can get away with loads of stuff there so that's why they are on those platforms looking for properties like yours and mine to go and do whatever they do in so you've got to be strict and StreetWise and if you want to learn more about the Dark Side of Airbnb hoson click this video number nine and this is one I hear about in my community often people get frustrated at and I've been there as well you cannot please everyone no matter how hard you try to deliver an amazing customer service to make sure the guests have the best day ever you will get bad reviews and back when I started I cared so deeply about each review it was honestly like I attached myself Worth to whether I got a five out of five or a 10 out of 10 so it was like a punch in the stomach whenever people would say everything was great absolutely perfect I love my stay gave was such a great host four out of five it's like you just can't fathom what was the problem you literally said the word perfect four out of five is not perfect but like so many of these things you just have to take it on the chin one bad or in this case average review is not going to ruin your average the best thing you can do is respond to that review and be polite and professional to say thank you why didn't you leave me a five but also to just keep focusing on the next review the next review the next review get those 55s and that's going to bring that average back up and I actually think people get a bit suspicious if they find a property that has literally five stars with 150 reviews or 10 out of 10 with tons of reviews as well like people know no nothing's perfect so the odd average one is not going to be a problem but try not to associate your self worth with your review score of your property okay so number 10 and we're back on the guests and guess what they can be absolute idiots at times I already touched on the phone calls and the messages at all ours you know we talk about having the the welcome pack and the gas book and sending the emails and all the communication you send with gas but guess what they often just don't read it you get phone calls when you're due to checkin saying they're lost they can't find the property they can't find the key safe they don't know how the door opens they don't know how the door locks they don't know how the oven Works they don't know where the Wi-Fi code is all these things that you know that youve sent in an email that is right in front of them in the guas manual but they won't read it can be so frustrating and you always have to when you're setting up a property account for the fact that guests can be just really dumb at times but please remember these guests are often coming from a different culture to you everything to them seems weird your door locks funny your dishwasher loads in a different way your tumble dryer goes on the top instead of the bottom the street signs are different the roads are different all these things are different so please it's important to bear with them try and deliver that customer service and again just smile through it and say no problem let's get you through through this number 11 and I swear this is the last thing I'm going to say about guests but they can be so careless when they're in your property glasses get broken Keys get lost wine gets spelled on things like honestly how often do you do that at home probably not very often well it happens all the time in airbnbs the only way I can explain this is I think they're in an unfamiliar situation they're on their holidays so they're a bit more relaxed a bit little less focused on doing everything right and they just don't care as much much than as if they were in their own house but it can be really frustrating in my opinion it's a cost of do in business you can either start chasing people to try and charge them which I don't think is a good idea or you can just ask people please leave you a five star review at the end of your stay cover the cost yourself be a good host but just be prepared that these things are going to happen to you number 12 and it is one night stays are the devil you should never take one night stay I don't care who you are where you are don't do it it's not only the change over costs that make these stays so so not profitable because think about it seven one night dayss how many changeover costs are you going to have there versus one seven night day with just one change over at the end but it's also the type of guests who are coming now remember those bad guests I was talking about earlier with the parties they are wanting one night's days in your property a stag do a hand do a birthday party it's crazy so it's just not worth it setting a two night or even a three night minimum stay is going to make your property far more profitable and also get you better guests okay 12 down and two to go and and honestly I have no idea how long this video is it could be 8 minutes it could be 80 minutes I'm going to guess 10 minutes 43 I have no idea okay so number 13 it's really important that when you get started you keep your running cost in line now when I got started I was leaving such elaborate and crazy welcome baskets for all the guests that came there was like all sorts of stuff coming out of there and in reality stuff was either opened and like one bit of it was taken and the rest was just bended or it was just going out of date and put in been anyway but I had to keep buying all these things to have them ready to leave and at the same time if you leave too much food you're just encouraging the guest to cook in your place when really even though we offer cooking facilities we would love it if they just went out and just add out for their whole stay but the second thing is running your Airbnb you're going to need huge amounts of cleaning supplies and my favorite toilet [Applause] roll so it's really important that you find a good wholesaler where you're going to be able to get these things at a discount go to your normal local shop because you're going to be paying top whack you need to go to a wholesaler where you're going to be getting economies of scale yes you're going to need somewhere to store all let stuff but it's going to work out far far cheaper and the last thing that I wish I knew when I was starting out is that better doesn't always mean better huh now what do I mean by that well when I started out I provided things like a really fancy coffee machine a really cool TV and S system cuz I thought that was just wow the guests but in actual fact they could never figure out how to use it even though the guest instructions were there even though I was trying to talk them through it on the phone it was just too complicated it frustrated them and it frustrated me as well now there are so many instances when you're setting up your Airbnb that you can either get the best or you can get something simple now I would always say go for Simplicity you want your guest to come in to intuitively know how to use everything to have a great day to not even consider that the thing that you were providing was a little frustrating you want them to go out enjoy their time five star review at the end now the next video you have to watch is this one showing five big mistakes that new Airbnb hosts make if you've enjoyed this video please leave me a comment and don't forget to hit that subscribe button see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @davecordnerairbnbcoach [13 likes]: Get The Airbnb Success Blueprint at https://www.davecordner.com/?video=PtPDhGJf4Ps 🙌🙌
  2. @trippinout. [2 likes]: Airbnb's platform for renters sucks. Always problems and glitches. Horrible platform.
  3. @lukeshan88 [1 likes]: Cool presentation
  4. @leverageyourlife007 [1 likes]: Great video Dave, I was thinking of buying my first property to start this business but you've put me off that idea now & probably saved me thousands & lots of headaches 👍
  5. @Happiness-Propelled-By-GOD: Your video is SO informative… It just shows that learning from experience goes a long way. I will keep these things in mind as I start my short-time rental business. Thank you.
  6. @booboochild4215: 13:40 i am clumsy so I do it a lot at home😅😂
  7. @entj_shogun: I don't understand why people use Air BnBs. Hotels are cheaper and there you have people cleaning your room.
  8. @gerthelperez1350: Look, as an Airbnb Support Ambassador, I don’t play favorites. I’m not team guest or team host—I’m team policy. If you don't follow the TOS, that’s on you, and you’re gonna have to deal with the fallout.
  9. @igortrutanow775: Airbnb sucks. I get scammed and stopped using Airbnb.
  10. @ThomasEsslinger-c9t: Great video, keep up the great work
  11. @Alexxander99: That's not true. You cannot imagine how wrong you are about a lot of things you say... You have no idea.
  12. @propanalytix: https://youtu.be/EYlJKHXK7og?si=IZHKmwggDYBAE-sW
  13. @muhammadnaeem6039: I heard that you need a planning permission if you want to host your property in Cardiff more than 90 nights a year. Is it true? Apartment and house both?
  14. @simpatiabent: looking at setup in the near future
  15. @Behind_D_Stumps: No blackmail or retaliatory review are removed by Airbnb, I had a guest who was pissed of at very minor things and started abusing us we complained on Airbnb with all chats proofs n videos still they were allowed to gave us 1 star, we have 30 guests with 5 star reviews just 1 reviews spoiled our rating Airbnb did nothing. ITS SCARED us, next time some other guest might do something else and we cant complain, hosting rules are unfair at airbnb
  16. @SPS_survivor: “You just have to take it on the chin” - yep, especially the workers of the night, or day … do you rent by the hour? Or ten minutes by any chance? Asking for a friend - **Diclaimer - just having a giggle here for those types that have zero sense of humour. Great content Dave, I’ve been looking into getting involved in this. So much to learn and think about. Great video. In fact it’s perfect - 4 stars 😂✨
  17. @ernestomytv: Can I put cameras in my Apartment??
  18. @johnjoemacpeak: Fantastic advice, 👍🏻 really appreciated as I'm thinking about doing air BnB, best advice is KISS, keep it simple stupid😂
  19. @joelevequoz: Thank you for sharing, acquiring assets is just the starting point. The way you manage your income, spending, and properties will decide whether your wealth grows—or fades over time.
  20. @rashmimishra9351: I am thinking to start one and guess your videos will come handy. Any starter links pls ? Thnx

- The TRUTH about Servicing Your Luxury Watches - Watch this Before You Send Your Watch For Service: Kind: captions Language: en I don't service my watches. I've said this in many of my videos. I actually made a video very early on in my channel where I talked about the reasons why I don't service my watches. This is a follow-up to that video. I have a couple more points that I want to make, but I'm going to use a lot of the information that I used in that first video and hopefully communicate it a little bit better than I did way back when. So, I'm going to get right into my reasons why you should never service your watch. [Music] So, right off the bat, I say never service your watches. Obviously, that is a little crazy. You need to service your watches at certain points, and I'm going to tell you when those points occur and when you should be servicing your watches. I don't service my watches on any regular intervals, and that is what this video is all about. When you buy a watch from a luxury brand, they usually give you box and papers. In those papers, you're going to find information on the intervals that you should be servicing your watch. A lot of watch brands suggest maybe 5 years, 10 years, some maybe even 2 years. It depends on the model and what kind of watch it is. However, one thing that they all have in common is that they're going to want you to service their watches on some sort of regular interval. Why do they want that? Well, they want to keep you as a customer. They want to keep you spending money with the brand. I'm saying right here, right now, it doesn't matter if you bought a brand new watch or a used watch, you do not need to listen to the manufacturer's advice on servicing that watch. You need to listen to logic. You need to hear the reasons why people don't service their watches because I am definitely not the only person who prescribes to this method. So, definitely hear them out and then if you have comments, add them down below. Please do not attack me. Please do not attack other people in the comments. This is a friendly conversation. This is something that I do. Just because I do it doesn't mean that you need to do it. You should definitely do your own research on this subject and come up with your own decision based on the information that you find. You guys know I'm always complaining about marketplaces like eBay and Chrono24. Today's video is sponsored by Chronographs, a new marketplace that is dedicated to the enthusiast. Started by John P of the John P. Watches YouTube channel. This new enthusiast-based marketplace is exclusively for selling your watches. And right now, if you sign up with Chronographs, there are zero fees buying or selling. So that means you're going to get a better price when you're buying and more money when you're selling because there are no fees currently on Chronogs. And also, if you sign up right now for a free account on Chronographs, by June 15th, you are automatically entered to win a tutor Black Bay watch. All you have to do is sign up for a free account on Chronogs. Again, that is chronographs.com. Definitely check out their website for more information on the giveaway and giveaway details. So, let's say you buy a luxury watch. And in the papers, it says that you should service this watch every 5 years. And let's say you keep that watch for 20 years. 20 years of your life, you've been wearing this watch. And through those 20 years, it's saying that you should service that every five years. You're going to be without your watch for maybe even up to a year's time because every time you service a watch, especially with the Swiss, it takes a few months to actually get your watch back. So, number one, you'll be without your watch for quite some time. Number two, those services cost money and they are expensive. If it is a Swiss brand, usually it will cost between $1,000 and $2500 depending on the watch and depending on the complications. It could be a lot more than that. Usually, it won't be much less than $1,000. Now, there are always exceptions to the rules. There are some more affordable watches out there. I would imagine a Christopher Ward, if you need to get that service, it's going to cost less than $1,000, especially if the watch cost $1,000. So this is all relative. I'm talking about luxury brands here. So definitely keep that in mind. So here's my proposal. Instead of servicing your watch every 5 years, why not just wear your watch until it stops working? So in other words, it stops telling time or it's not telling time accurately or if there's a function on the watch like a chronograph or a date and those items stop working, you need to get your watch serviced. That's when you bring your watch in and say, "Hey, I need a service." Now, it will not happen within a 5-year interval, especially if that is a brand new watch. If you got your watch serviced 5 years ago, the likelihood of that watch breaking within the next 5 years is very, very low. And it will probably tell very accurate time for many years past that 5-year interval. So you could end up servicing your watch maybe one time in 20 years and the service will cost exactly the same as if you serviced it every single 5-year interval. And for those of you who don't believe that, I'm going to tell you two stories, personal stories of services that I performed that I had done on my watches and the results. So number one, I bought a watch on eBay. It was a Briget Type 20. I bought the watch. I got it. It had a scratch on the sapphire crystal. I complained to the guy that I bought it from and we worked out something that I would be able to go and get a service. It was around $500 off of the price. Now, I didn't think that getting a sapphire crystal would cost $500, but I figured that is going to definitely cover me. I went to Briget and Brigade told me in order for them to actually change the sapphire crystal, they had to do a complete overhaul on the watch. Otherwise, they would not service the watch whatsoever. That service would cost $1,500. So, off the back of that, I went to another reputable repair shop here in New York City that is not actually associated with Briget or really any brand. I brought it to them and they swapped out the Sapphire Crystal with a Brigade Sapphire Crystal for around $400. It was actually more than I expected it would cost, but that's what they did it for. And I ended up selling that watch later on on eBay anyway with the new crystal on it. But with that aside, the watch was telling perfect time. The chronograph was working perfectly. The only thing that was wrong with it was that there was a scratch on the sapphire crystal and they wanted to do a full overhaul and it would be $1,500. Now, fast forward a few years ago. I was at a flea market here in New York and I saw that they had some vintage watches. I went over and I looked at them and there was an Omega Speed Master Mark 2 in a bin that they were selling for around $600. This was on a bracelet. I actually still have this watch. It is beautiful. I decided to buy it even though the chronograph was not working. It was telling time, but the chronograph was not functioning. and I couldn't live like that. I wanted to have this fixed. So, I brought it to a local ad here on Long Island and I brought it to them and I said, "Hey, I would like to get this repaired." They said, "Okay, we're going to replace the crystal. They're going to replace the hands, the dial, and all of this other stuff that they suggested." I said, "No, please just service the chronograph movement. Don't replace the hands. Don't replace the dial. you could replace the mineral crystal that it had because it was very scratched up. And that was the only thing that I wanted them to do. They took it, they had it for over 3 months while they were repairing it. It went back to Switzerland. It went back to Omega. Omega actually repaired it. I don't know if it went to Switzerland. I got to be honest. Actually, let me backtrack there. It could have went to New Jersey. I have no idea if it went to Switzerland. I was told it went to Switzerland. Who knows where it actually went, but they did the repair and I got the bill and it was $1,200. $1,200 for a watch that was in very, very rough condition. They also changed the dial and the hands. Gave me the dial and the hands on the side. So, I have the original dial. I have the original hands. They completely overhauled the movement. They took the entire movement apart and they cleaned it and they replaced a bunch of parts in the movement. So, basically, this watch looks brand new when I got it back from Omega from this service, and it was $1,200. Here's the point. If I had brought that in working in really good condition, the overhaul would have cost me $1,200 cuz they would have done the exact same amount of work. That's what they do. When you bring it in for a service, they are only going to do a major service on the watch. That is all they do. If there's a part broken, they are not just going to fix that part. They're going to take apart the entire watch, check for any other issues, put it all back together, and send it back to you as a completely serviced watch. So again, my point here is the 5-year intervals, the 10-year intervals, the 2-year intervals, they mean nothing. Wear your watch until it is not working properly, and then of course you can get it service. Now, there is always an exception to every single rule. And the exception here, I would say, is if you are using your watch as a professional. So, if you're a diver, you have a dive watch that you use to time things and do things underwater, you need to service your watch. You cannot not service your watch here because this is very important. Your life actually depends on it. If you use it for your job, where you're timing things, you use a chronograph, maybe you're in sports, maybe you're in car racing, these things, you need to have a watch that is serviced and working perfectly at its peak. So, I highly recommend keeping those service intervals as suggested. And if your job is important to you or the way that you are timing things is important to you, definitely service your watches. So, those are exceptions to the rule in my opinion. And the other situation where I think servicing really doesn't make sense is if of course you have a large collection. If you have more than one watch, that means you're cutting the amount of time you should have to service your watches in half. If you're wearing your watches equally. So if you're rotating your watches or rotating through your watches on a regular basis, that means your watches are sitting not being used, there's not a lot of stress being put on the movements, that means you don't need to service them incredibly often. And since I'm a watch collector, I have multiple watches. It is rare that I go from one day to the next wearing the exact same watch. That means my watches are sitting most of their life. So that means I don't need to service any watches. I have only serviced maybe three or four watches in my entire watch collecting career. And I've been collecting for over 25 years. I have many, many watches and I barely have serviced any of them. A small, small fraction. So, I'll finish this video up with a little bit of an analogy that I made in that previous video that I spoke about in the past. This is going to be the same analogy. However, I want to iron out some of the finer points. I likened watch collecting to collecting cars, to servicing cars. So, in other words, you have to service your car on a regular interval. However, if it stops working, obviously, you're going to bring it in for service. Servicing cars is different from servicing watches. Even though watch collecting and car collecting have a lot in common, they are very different from a logistical standpoint. You have to service cars on a regular basis. If you don't, you're going to end up getting stranded someplace. You might be driving along and something that you didn't maintain may break and then you will get stranded or worse, you could even get hurt or killed if you're driving at high speeds. If you are not properly maintaining a classic car or even a modern car, it really doesn't matter. Proper maintenance is very, very important. When you're talking about a watch, if you don't maintain your watch on a regular basis, the only thing that's going to happen is you might be late for something. However, we are surrounded by clocks these days. It's not the 80s or 90s. No one comes up to you anymore and asks you, "What time is it?" just because they see that you have a watch on your wrist. Everyone has a phone in their pocket. It's far more accurate than any mechanical watch that you're going to be wearing on your wrist. So, there really is no point to these watches anymore. Everywhere you look, not only on your phone, there are clocks in your car, on your computer. Doesn't matter where you are, there are clocks. And usually those are very accurate timetelling devices because they are atomic or they're getting a radio signal. It doesn't matter. They're more accurate than what's probably on your wrist. If your watch stops working, you're not going to die. You're going to be able to tell the time and then you can just go and get your watch serviced. So, the bottom line, the whole point of this video is if you have a lot of watches or if you have one watch, don't service your watches on regular intervals, save that money up and buy more watches. That's basically the whole point of this video. I service none of my watches. All the money that I would have spent on service, I probably just put that towards more new watches. It It's definitely true. Anyway, guys, tell me what you think down in the comments below. Let's keep it civil. I know this is a topic that gets a lot of people heated, especially those out there who service their watches on a regular basis. They don't want to be told that they're wasting money or time. I get that. I'm not trying to insult you. I'm just giving my opinion. Again, this is just my opinion. I do collect a lot of watches. So, tell me why you think I might be wrong down in the comments section below. If you agree with me, also tell me down in the comments. I want to hear what you think about what I said and if you would add anything or remove anything from what I just talked about. Anyway guys, thank you for logging on. Thank you for watching this video. I will catch you guys in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ffstudios5: To be honest, it’s also more cost effective to service later anyways. Given the time value of money even if the service is more expensive down the road for a major repair it may balance out.
  2. @klaustand: I bought a Glashutte Original Panolunar for an insane amount of money. When it was three years old the second hand suddenly fell off - and I had not dropped the watch! They could not put that hand back in place without making a full service at the factory in Germany. That meant that I had to pay  more than a thousand Euroes to have them to put the second hand back in place again. In other words they earned money to correct their own lousy craftmanship. I still think, that it is a beautiful watch, but would I buy another Glashutte? Not in a million years! Greetings from Denmark
  3. @jorelkrypto7475: Amen.
  4. @sergior.carreno5568: What about the oils in it , don't they break down over time ?
  5. @joaomauriciobasiledesouza6204: My suggestion to all watch enthusiasts is to learn how to service their own watches properly. There’s a lot of channels posting amazing videos, there are also awesome books. It won’t be easy at the beginning but it’s extremely pleasant after you learn. Buy proper tools and start with cheap movements while you gain confidence
  6. @robbarker9878: Like a car dealer, they always want to tack on as much as possible...
  7. @robertschriek1353: Chris doesn't get to service a watch because he's talking and talking, video starts after 3 minutes of rambling 🙂
  8. @suratunbegum7506: I wear Casio watches
  9. @Tigershark-qy2gq: I have a Swiss made Mickey Mouse watch from 1972.  Never been serviced, never has lost time.  Still works.  Some watches last a lifetime.
  10. @glowboy7: I don't mine sayin', I needed this.  Thanks Chris!
  11. @generallobster: It’s true back in 80s or 90s was the last time someone actually asked me what time it was because they saw a watch in my wrist.  Not critical tool today.
  12. @generallobster: Run your own experiments and make your own conclusions rather than listening to marketing. That’s scientific right?

1. So in 1998 I didn’t buy the concept that you needed to service mechanical watches every 2 to 5 years.  Even back then, at the infancy of the Internet wise people explained that you would pay more to service a cheap movement than just replace it. No one services these things at this price point.  So I didn’t do it and that Watch keeps perfect time and it works fine and the internals have not ground themselves down to dust because of evaporating oils.  How many other examples are there? This is an N=millions experiment.  And guess what the results are in.  It doesn’t matter if you service those movements. You’re wasting your time and money if you do.  

Now extrapolate to Swiss watch’s.  Or are they fundamentally different and do they fundamentally require this servicing to continue to retain value and function?
  13. @jerome_morrow: Imagine you go see a surgeon for a specific problem and they say, “I only ever do a complete overhaul”.
  14. @jlb5812: My A/P Royal Oak Offshore chronograph is $3K for service - but I will have an entirely new movement and strap…
  15. @Ragandboneman63: My 18 year old Speedmaster was running perfectly fine, and the worst thing I did to it was send it away to an Omega approved centre to be serviced. It hasn't run properly since.
  16. @henrikpersson4698: only watches i've seen costing 1k or more to service are rolex and breitling
  17. @acky691979: I’ve had a longines hydroconquest since 2023, changed the battery twice and that’s about it. Still keeps time, it’s a workhorse.
  18. @dapetik: I totally agree
  19. @sumersharma9534: Lubricants running dry are a real thing. My rule- 10 years.
  20. @drbenirusani: When quartz watch need battery replacement, they will replace the gasket too. And do water pressure testing. That is not considered as 'servicing' right?

- 7 Expert Tips to Care for Your Luxury Watch | Watch Maintenance Guide | The Classroom: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] say boy larger I like it took a few minutes to talk about preventive care of your watch how to protect your watch how to maintain it how to get the most out of your investments when it comes to aesthetic maintenance and movement maintenance and servicing of a watch those are three different categories esthetic maintenance is cleaning the watch and taking care of the external components of the watch maintenance service for the watch is changing the gaskets maintaining the integrity of the water resistance of the watch protecting the movement lastly we have full service of the watch which includes a complete disassembly of the movement and the case replacing all the seals the full service of the movement and and therefore returning that watch to as close as we can to the new condition as a watchmaker I'd like to take a few minutes to talk about things you can do as a consumer and the watch owner to both protect your watch maintain your watch and get the best use out of your watch in between service intervals the first thing I can say and anyone that's that's seen me do the shows knows I am vehemently against automatic winders what that does it keeps the watch at full power it puts more strain on your automatic components and the only luxury it gives you is you pick the watch up off there and you put it on and it's gonna be relatively on time because there's always gonna be some kind of error on the watch it's gonna be running fast it's gonna be running slow you're still gonna have to reset the watch in most cases if you take it off that automatic winder the only the only advantage it gives you is the watch is fully wound but again what I see as a watchmaker is it puts so much more wear and tear on those automatic components keeping that mainspring at full power that it's actually wearing that watch out as it's on that winder you have a lot of watches in rotation that's great I have a lot of watches that I put a rotation to when I'm not wearing them I set them down I let that mainspring line down I let everything relax when I picked that watch up I wind it I give it a little bit of life I put it on my wrist if it's an automatic I'll give it ten twenty whines I'll let myself my daily wear wind it back up and it's a manual wine watch take it off let it relax let it stop pick it up wind it set it and you're good to go you're gonna have a lot less wear and tear you're gonna have a lot less maintenance issues on that watch you're gonna have you're gonna give the watchmaker and easier service when that watch comes in you're not letting your watch winder enjoy the watch you're letting yourself enjoy the watch you're gonna have a longer service interval if you don't use a watch winder one of the biggest things we see too is a call from somebody have bought a new watch it fogged up my first question is what did you do to it if you watch the last season the wrap-up for the last season when we were actually we took a watch that was water-resistant that had no moisture in it and I was able to make it fog up the reason that watch fogged up is because there's actually a moisture in the small amount of oxygen this small amount of air that's captured in here so it's a temperature change that'll actually form condensation on the crystal so long as that condensation goes away dissipates in a minute you're okay the key there is to avoid drastic temperature changes you don't want to go into a hot tub with a watch you don't want to go into a steaming watch I don't like wearing watches in the shower because of the high-pressure water that comes out if there's any leaks any degradation to the crystal or to the to the gaskets of that watch water's gonna find its way in waters death 2 watches maintain your watch maintain your gaskets and you're gonna get a longer lifespan out of your watch it's always safest if you have to change the date again you have your automatic watch you set it down you didn't wear it for a week you have to reset the date the way I do it personally and I'm a watchmaker so you can listen to me or not is you pick that watch up you wind it you go ahead and set the time and rotate it past 12 o'clock let that let you let the calendar change or see that you're at noon if the calendar didn't change then go ahead and use your quick set don't try to use your quick set between 10:00 and 2:00 if you do that you're actually forcing components if if you're you're further along the wear cycle of that watch if you're in the three years or five years into that watch you asking actually risk damaging components inside there Andras that will result in a higher maintenance fee don't use your chronograph in or around water if your watch is wet don't use your chronograph you run the risk of actually pumping water into the watch you put one little drop of water in there over time it's gonna corrode the very delicate and precise components that are inside the watch when you drop your watch the jewels move and they actually spring back into position protecting the balance that's what they're designed to do but you really don't want to drop your watch I'm not saying anyone's gonna do it on purpose but if you drop your watch you know by accident on a hard surface have it checked something could have cracked a crown a tube could have cracked which eventually is gonna allow water into that watch a gasket could have shifted a lot of things could happen the timing could be off on their watch a lot of things could happen from a simple drop I've seen watches dropped on carpets that are completely thrown out of beads and have broken crowns so if you ever dropped your watch have it checked by a watchmaker a common thing we see too is a broken crystal sapphire while scratch-resistant is also very brittle when a sapphire crystal breaks it fractures into very very tiny parts you're gonna take it to your watchmaker your watchmaker is gonna tell you you need a service you're asking why do I need a service I just want the crystal replaced because you potentially have glass inside that movement my recommendation is if you ever break the crystal on your watch immediately stop it pull the crown out if it has a hacking mechanism like Rolex does pull the crown out stop that movement from running that'll also protect your dial you won't be dragging glass around the dial scratching the dial another common concern we have with watches of magnetism more and more watches are being made anti-magnetic by anti-magnetic it doesn't mean the watch's magnetic is less susceptible to magnetism when a watch is magnetized the first indication is it runs extremely fast why does it run fast because you're effectively taking that hair spring that's vibrating and you're shortening that's because it's sticking together that hair spring sticking together it's making the watch run faster it's almost like it's chattering inside there so magnetism is one of the things how do you eat you don't normally get it magnetized by going through an airport you know metal detector that's that's old wives tale it's where you set the watch down the rare earth magnets are very very common in everyday life right now anything that has a clasp a purse an iPad case anything that has a spring clasp on it can magnetize your watch if you set your watch down on it so just be mindful as to where you put your watch where you set it down most times it will watch is magnetized we don't have to open it up we can demagnetize it on the spot and it's fine however again if you drop that watch you run the risk of hooking a hair spring or doing more damage to it when it comes to cleaning the watches you can clean the watch under running water I wouldn't recommend a shower regular running water because it comes out with less pressure than a shower it's not forced through a little hole use a toothbrush use a mild detergent towel dry your watch off I've seen I actually saw a watch one time I saw a Rolex that actually got eaten by a dog passed through the dog and the woman took the watch and put it in her dishwasher and ran it through the dishwasher and we service that watch and they actually came out fine when it comes to maintaining your watch the most important thing is maintain the gaskets and have your watch regularly serviced by a watchmaker that you trust I'm Michael Michael's a watch box and these are my views on how to properly care for your timepiece

  Top Comments:
  1. @slide7132 [2 likes]: Thank you Michael excellent advice and great video.
  2. @ttgsct [2 likes]: I can confirmed the advice is solid.

I've been applying most of these tips on my Rolex Datejust I've got since 2011 (12 years ago). 
Just got it checked with the machine yesterday and the guy at the shop said It's in great condition (rate: +5 s/d, amplitude: 299, error: 0.0ms).

No winders. Cleaned with hand soap and a soft toothbrush every few months. Wear it at least every 2-3 months (sometimes the whole month straight, sometimes once every few months). Never I dropped it once in 12 years. Only wear it in the office or on light-activity days, no crazy adventures (it's a dress watch for my anyway). 

The only thing I have not done is doing the Rolex service (I'm saving up for that now, better late than never).
  3. @ivanfrangugic8355 [2 likes]: i always set the date at 6 am
  4. @dialttante [1 likes]: Excellent advice, all watch owners should see this!
  5. @RealExpertsPro [1 likes]: Wow so many things I've never thought of.  Thanks.
  6. @marcobru6561: Following 😍😍💪💪
  7. @nootka213: Wow, what a great posting!  This was my first exposure to the channel - I’ll have to find the webpage url to get caught up on other tips.
  8. @jeremykydd2149: Hi from New Zealand 🇳🇿 
Fantastic bunch of tips
Thanks so much I've just subscribed as well
  9. @TwentyOne_Five: 7:59  wut?
  10. @amenhotep7704: "I saw a Rolex that got eaten by a Dog" lmfaooo😂😂🤣😭
  11. @slackdaddy1912: Best way to keep your watch looking like new, buy I, store it for twenty years, pull it out and have it serviced, go ahead and wear it.
  12. @TheLezwoymn: Very informative
  13. @phillipleety: Wow. Thank you. Great advice
  14. @BORN2LOSE13: I don’t understand what he meant by setting the date and putting a strain. So how do i set the date safely
  15. @carzakone333: Who are you to say winders are bad for watches? I have been using it for years, all my watches are good, so don't say it on you own perspective.
  16. @jokervile4423: Not even gonna worry about the date it’s wrong most of the time haven’t changed mine in minute for sure
  17. @isoSw1fty: So on a flat top grill a mechanical watch could have its lubricants dried out?
  18. @jonathanlloyd2306: Some watches have a clasp magnet on the box they come in!
  19. @VicksWezaleff: Is it safe to use soap and running water on a vintage watch that's not waterproof?
  20. @ThisIsTheOnlyMe: 1 choose wich watch you want to wear that day
2 pop it in a watch winder for 10 minutes in the morning
3 set the watch time
4 wear it

- Why Used Luxury Cars in India AREN’T Worth It: Kind: captions Language: en This 65 lakh rupee luxury car is now available for just 18 lak in the used car market. And you think >> this is a German-made high quality car, right? I mean look at those features. So if you account for the downpin, the EMI, the interest and all these costs, does that 18 lakh look a lot bigger in actual cost? So I did the math to figure out if you should buy a new car for 18 lakh rupees or a used luxury car for the same price. So let's analyze these two cars using these four parameters. Starting with the EMI, the Audi is a 6-year-old luxury used car and the Creta is a brand new car. Now both of these cars cost 18 lakh rupees. We assume the loan to value to be 80% for both cars. This is basically how big a loan value you get for the X showroom cost. [music] But in reality, you'll actually have to pay a lot more because the LTV will be lower for a luxury used car. But just [music] to keep the calculations fair, let's assume it's 80%. The down payment is 3.6 lakhs, which brings our loan amount to 14.4 [music] lakh rupees. Now, there's one thing that changes a lot, and that's the interest rate. Now, depending what bank you take it from, you will pay more in interest rate when you buy a used luxury car, and this could be 4 to 5% more [music] than the actual Creta. So let's say the used car is 14.5% interest and the new car's interest is 9.5%. Now let's talk about the tenure of the loan. We've kept it at 5 years for both cars, but used car loans typically capped at 3 to 5 years versus up to 7 years for a new car loan. Now the used Audi A4 EMI is about 34,000 rupees [music] and the new Hyundai Creta SX tech is 30,000. So that makes the total repayment cost 20.3 lakhs for the Audi and 18.14 lakhs for the Creta. So here you're paying 2.18 lakh rupees more simply because the interest rate is higher. Now before we move on to the next parameter, I want you to do two things. One, write your luxury car option and your new car option. Submit it in the comments. And second, complete the entire exercise on Excel and then reply to your own comment on what changed. Let's see if you changed your mind or if it was the same. This brings us to parameter number two, which is the running cost of the car. And I love this one because no one thinks about it. Now, you've bought a luxury car. I mean, you're going to drive it around. You're going to go for trips. You're going to go with parents and family, and you're just going to enjoy the damn car. That's why you bought it, right? But there's one thing you probably don't know, which is mileage. Needless to say, as the machine becomes older, the mileage, the efficiency actually decreases. Some reports say after 2% every single year. So a 6-year-old Audi which was giving say 16 kmp may now give you 14. These are obviously not real numbers because I do not drive a used Audi. [music] On the other hand, a new car and in this case the Hyundai Creta seems to be giving a lot more mileage 17 to 18 km a liter. So obviously fuel efficiency wise the Creta is going to be cheaper when it comes to running costs of the car. Now let's say you travel 50 km every day for 300 days. The total distance traveled in a year is about 15,000 km. So now let's assume the cost of petrol is 100 rupees a liter. And to make this trip, you'll need about 1,000 L for the Audi and about 880 L for the Creta. That means you'll be spending about 19,000 rupees extra every year because you're driving the Audi. Now to be fair, I don't think that's a lot, but we'll still keep it on the Excel sheet. Now let's talk about the boring bit, the maintenance cost. So when you're driving, it's actually going [music] to start costing a little more because the wear and tear happens. Now, how do you actually calculate wear and tear? We'll calculate. So let's assume you drive the car 15,000 km a year. Now you have a 6-year-old car and we have to assume that it's traveled a little bit. And our script writer assumed that 42,000 is a good number. So let's stick to that. And let's also assume that both cars get serviced only twice a year. The Audi will obviously cost a little more. And one service for an Audi is 22,000 rupees and that amounts to 44,000. And the new car's service will be absolutely free because in most cases any new car you buy will have the first few services free. So over here you'll see that we've included things like engine oil, oil filter, air filter, coolant, 10,000 for the Audi and 5,000 for the Creta. Another problem is the cost of repairs and the parts for a luxury car. They cost way more. So over here we've added 70,000 for a front bumper and replacing a headlight could cost up to 43,000. So I've assumed an average of 50,000 a year for [music] stuff that needs to be replaced. But the spare parts for the new car will comparatively be cheaper. One headlight replacement costing 20,000 and a door repair amounting to save 14,000. So I've assumed an average of 20,000 of these expenses every year. You'll notice I've overestimated this a little bit, but you can obviously tone it down, change it in the Excel sheet. So, now let's add up the [music] total annual cost. It's 25,000 for the new car and 1 lakh for the used luxury car. It's a 4x difference. Most people actually completely [music] miss this, but if you knew it, then uh give yourself a pat on the back. The third parameter is insurance. Over here you see the insurance declared value is the value that the insurer tells you how much your car is worth and everything is calculated on the base of that. For a new car it's about 95% of the X showroom price. The new car's IDV is 17.10 lakhs and the Audi A4's IDV is the same as how much you bought it for because the depreciation is included. That's 18 lak rupees. Now based on this value the insurance [music] premium will be decided. Now, we've taken both of the cars and assumed a comprehensive insurance. And this is what it looks like. The 3-year comprehensive cover for Creta includes own damage premium, third party premium, personal accident [music] cover, add-ons, and an 18% GST. The insurance amounts to 79,000 for 3 years. That's about 26,300 [music] per year. And for the Audi, it amounts to 23,600 rupees a year. Now, since this is a used car, you'll be renewing your insurance every single year. and [music] the cost will also keep coming down because the car is aging. But because of that, the repairs and maintenance will go up and that will be out of pocket. Of course, if you're able [music] to find a zero depth insurer and you get that insurance, then you can take care of that. But this is something [music] that if you're buying a secondhand car, you have to make sure of. Now, here's a final parameter, parameter four. Putting this all together and figuring out how much is this actually [music] costing for each of these two cars. Now let's project this ownership over the next 5 years because that's when the real cost of ownership happens, right? So let's start with the Audi. The cost is going to be 20.32 lakhs if you take a loan to buy the car. Then is the fuel of the car and I've also assumed a 6% increase in the cost of fuel because these prices keep going up. So the total cost after 5 years is 6 lak rupees. Then we have insurance. We'll assume a 10% depreciation on the car every year. So the cost here is 96,100 rupees for insurance alone. Next we've assume maintenance cost and this is about 6.34 lak rupees over the next 5 years. This is obviously the highest cost that you can see because luxury car expensive. So total cost of ownership is nearly 33.68 [music] lak rupees for the Audi. Now let's see the new car. The same thing. The cost is 18.14 lakhs if you take a loan. The fuel cost is 4.97 lakhs. The insurance is 26,000 a year. So that's about 97,000 rupees for 5 years. The maintenance cost is only 1.8 lakh rupees because um a new car is easier to maintain obviously. Now if you remember the new car, we assume there is no service cost in the first year but after that the costs actually begin. We've included 10,000 rupees every year for the next 4 years. So the total cost of ownership is 25.90 lakhs. So the difference between the two is hold up now you are either one of two users who's watched this entire damn video. Either you're really hardcore researching and figuring it out or you can't [music] afford the car. So maybe you shouldn't buy it right now. Leave it something somewhere in the future and then you can decide because the difference between these two on the Excel sheet is 7.78 lak rupees.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Zero1byZerodha [3 likes]: Checkout our latest webseries ‎⁨- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aPNWtWPESZI Phir Se Udd Chala! 🚀
  2. @MahajanBhaiVlogs [1 likes]: Luxury is Luxury 😊😊🎉🎉
  3. @saurabh459: ice cars are a scam
  4. @AbhayHate-v3w: The comparison is incomplete without comparing the driveabilty, handling, driving pleasure in an AUDY than creta, also the safety features, and build quality of an AUDY in a situation of accident will give you more chance of survival in a life and death situation.
  5. @sarkaroct: You are totally wrong, I brought 6-years old Honda Civic and Bank gave me full loan, took it from ICICI and interest rate is 10.1% same as new car loan. Second milage I got 8-9 KM / Liter in CVT, in my building one Telegu guy got New Creta CVT, getting same milage. ONly difference is I need to service cost from day one which new car owner don't pay.
  6. @yatharthdesai7523: That's the cash flow diff. To find the actual difference, replace the EMI with Depreciation/year. A used Audi, even though luxury, would retain more of it's value than a new creta, which would depreciate by 50% in 5 years. So, the actual cost of ownership difference depends heavily on depreciation and could greatly reduce the gap between the two.
  7. @meridacrossay: People who doesn't really own 5 different cars of different segments, should not own a car related YouTube channel.
  8. @emanbhatt3772: Give your color grading guy a thumbs up . This video is really punchy and just wow
  9. @GameTechRio: i am using audi a6 2014 version. service cost yearly 16k. insurance i did comprehensive for 14500 and i am getting 12 kmpl in city and 17 18 kmpl on highway. diesel!
  10. @Mac13587: BMW Brand value and performance vs popular Junk Xcreta! BMW anytime! Just delete the interest part from the spreadsheet and get real.
Also, compare Resale values after 5 years.
  11. @sreenivass9169: can u make a video on leasing a car vs buyign a car
  12. @Kim_jung_on: Let’s be real ….. if you own an Audi and make 2lakhs per month you feel on top of the world than someone owning a Creta and making 3 lakhs per year …..u can keep telling yourself you are being frugal and building wealth …..but once you hit the mid life crisis ,deep down you know you are being a pussy, if you not are going for it
  13. @vikasreddy2208: Boy jaguar & Land Rover I mean JLR is owned by company in India called Tata Okay, it’s not Britain brand  an anymore.
  14. @abhilashkpillai: Cost of ownership of luxury cars is far higher than mentioned here. My response is based on my ownership of a luxury and a regular car.

Fuel cost - they are not the same. You can fill 91 octane fuel in Creta but you will have to shell out extra Rs.10 for 95 Octane fuel in Audi. Be prepared for misfire of engine if you don't do it.

Not sure how interest cost was considered. Just 18.5 lacs for an 18 lacs car interest included?

Service interval of Audi is 15k km. So, you will service once a year.

Cost of service of a lux car is remarkably higher than the amount mentioned. Be prepared to spend lacs on just gearbox change once every 1.5 lacs km. And if it's dry clutch, it's going to wear out faster. Battery replacement cost is far higher. To maintain longer life, service should be done at the authorized service center and not at the local service center. Break pad replacement frequency is higher and its costlier.

In spite of it, I drive my German car everyday because the pleasure and comfort with driving a German car cannot be matched by my Honda City.  I don't mind shelling out another 10 lacs in a span of 6 to 7 years to own an entry level German luxury car because it's absolutely worth. Also, note that heads turn when people see your car.
  15. @tusharjaiswal2821: Bhai A4 jaise bekar car Kaun 18 lacs dega 6-7 lacs main mil jayegi woh bhi less driven, so ur whole calculation become unnecessary. BMW 5 series , jag xf , Mercedes e class lenge woh bhi 14 lacs main jo ki justified price hai and that to 14 lacs is the upper limit isse upar jaoge 22 lacs upper cap main toh Range Rover hi mil jayegi 😂
Who will buy creta 😂
  16. @tushargarg.7: Bhai kha se info uthate ho. Interest rate for new car is 7.65% to 8%. Ye 9.5% to 700 cibil walo ko bhi nhi milta. Ab tum 600 cibil leke ghum rhe ho to baat alag hai.
  17. @atharvbhosale1574: A used Honda 😋
  18. @varungodaraa: shittiest video on the internet rightnow!
  19. @-_-Emperor-_-: Erm if U don't have generational wealth Nor do you have Multiple Properties to your name Buying any Car about 5-10 lakhs with 10 stretching and going above budget IS totally a Dumb move.
Can u imagine an American ,European, Middle Eastern making all this BS infotainment......no because they have the purchasing power to not care about all this . Don't go for Loans for NON performing assets.
Even 10 year old cars have great demand on those nations,while these luxury cars are not luxury but common man cars in other countries, We need to fix that first here.
  20. @Praveen3961: after all this being said, in case of an accident you hope to be in a luxury car and not in a tin can

- Top 8 Free Rental Management Software Platforms: Kind: captions Language: en Managing rentals used to mean spreadsheets, text messages, and manual reminders. Now, free property management software gives landlords and small teams the tools to collect rent, screen tenants, and track maintenance without monthly fees or complicated onboarding. But not all platforms are built the same. Some focus on accounting, others on leasing, and only a few actually support day-to-day management without pay walls or missing features. Today, I will cover the top free tools available in 2025. You'll see what each platform does well, where it falls short, and which option fits your rental style, whether you manage one unit or a growing portfolio. [Music] Rental management software helps landlords and property managers stay on top of everything. Rent collection, lease agreements, maintenance tracking, and tenant communication without spreadsheets or scattered systems. The best rental property management software supports online rent collection, notifies tenants of overdue payments, and helps you comply with state specific lease agreements. If you clicked on this video, you're probably looking for a free option, but you don't want to sacrifice good features or get stuck with some hidden cost. So, let's go over the top eight best free rental management softwares in 2025. Number one is Magic Door. Magic Door is a completely free all-in-one platform for small landlords and major property managers fit for any size portfolio. It offers fundamental property management tools without the monthly fees or complex setups of traditional systems. Everything from rent collection to maintenance request runs in a centralized system that's easy to use. What makes Magic Door stand out is there's no subscriptions or contracts. Landlords only pay a small a or card fees when tenants submit payments. And this fee is usually passed on to the tenant. Automated rent reminders and late fee tracking. Built-in chat to message tenants, vendors, and team members with AI automated replies. Simple online rental application and tenant screening built into one flow with AI scoring to help you make quick, easy decisions. This also comes with a free website, automated maintenance management with AI runbooks that triage with the tenant, assigned to a vendor, and coordinates for you. a text first platform, meaning tenants don't need to download an app or load a website to communicate. They can pay rent or request maintenance via text and financial reports. Track cash flow and export for tax filing. Magic Door is best suited for independent landlords managing multiple rental properties, small and medium-sized property management teams that want to collect rent online, screen applicants, and track lease dates without extra staff, or even large property managers who want a cloud-based platform to simplify maintenance management, track rental income, and oversee lease workflows. Also, owners of multif family rentals who want fast visibility into all their units. Magic Door is claimed to be easy to use, offers real person support, and is most known for advanced AI automation while also being completely free with no payw wall or limited amount of units. With features tuned for speed, clarity, and secure system access, it's a smart choice for those who want to manage properties without the extra noise. If that already sounds like the perfect fit for you, you can click the link below to get started today. On to number two, which is Anago. Anaago is a free property management software platform made to support independent landlords and small to midsize property managers. What sets Anaago apart is free access to essential tools like online rent collection, lease agreements, and tenant screening, rent collection, custom lease templates, and e signature support, built-in maintenance request systems, ability to create and send financial reports from a dashboard. And it's a mobile friendly platform. They're best for landlords managing a handful of rental properties who want to collect rent, rent applicants, and handle lease management tasks online, or for property managers who need basic property management tools with an easy learning curve. While more advanced customization may be limited, the platform covers all the features most landlords need to stay organized and reduce mispayments. Number three is Avail. Avail offers a free version of its property management software tailored to independent landlords who want modern tools without paying monthly fees. Their standout features include online rent collection, customizable lease templates with e signature capabilities, tenant screening with credit, background, and eviction checks, and maintenance tracking. They're best suited for landlords managing a few rental properties, and property managers looking for a simple way to manage the basics. While some advanced tools require upgrading, the free version still provides value for landlords. Number four, Landlord Studio. Landlord Studio offers a property management software solution tailored for landlords and property managers seeking to streamline their operations. Their key features include online rent collection, tenant screening, maintenance management, financial reporting, and lease management. They're ideal for landlords managing a few to several rental properties, property owners seeking to transition from manual process to a digital platform. Number five, Cessa. Stessa is a free property management software designed to help landlords and real estate investors streamline their rental property finances. Their main features include automated financial tracking, comprehensive reporting, tax preparation tools, online rent collection, tenant screening, and a mobile app. They're ideal for landlords managing multiple rental properties who need a centralized system for financial management, or property owners seeking to automate rent collection and expense tracking. Sta keeps finances at the center. It's not packed with every feature, but it handles the essentials well. Number six is Turbo Tenant. Turbo Tenant is a free property management software built for landlords who want to handle listings, applications, lease signing, and rent collection all in one place. What makes Turbo Tenant stand out is it syndicates rental listings across major platforms. Offers customizable online rental applications and tenant screenings, e signatures, online rent collection, maintenance request dashboard, and basic financial reports. Turbo Tenant is best for those looking for a free self-service tool that covers most admin needs without locking them into a platform. Turbo Tenant puts a heavy focus on tenant acquisition and early stage management. While its financial reporting and maintenance tracking aren't as robust as some competitors, it delivers good value where speed and visibility matter. Number seven is Tenant Cloud. Tenant Cloud is a free property management software for independent landlords and small teams. What makes Tenant Cloud stand out? online rent collection, inapp maintenance tracking, integrated tenant screening, customizable leases, and multi-user dashboard permissions. Tenant Cloud is best for landlords with growing portfolios who want to stay lean while managing everything digitally or property managers looking to centralize payments, leasing, and maintenance requests. While some advanced features require paid upgrades, the free version handles main management tasks like rent, maintenance, and leasing with minimal friction. And last in our list, number eight, is Rent Direct. They offer a fullfeatured rental property management software system built for landlords and managers overseeing small to midsize portfolios, but its free version is more limited than others. What stands out is you can collect rent payments online, offers tenant and owner portals, built-in accounting, supports rental listings, and offers full lease management. This is best for landlords managing a mix of residential and commercial properties who need built-in accounting or managers who want to keep owners informed through sharable reports and dedicated access. Wentech Direct works well for landlords who care just as much about bookkeeping as tenant coordination. It's not the flashiest tool, but it's functional, reliable, and better suited for those who want precise control over finances while keeping leasing and maintenance in one place. Choosing the right rental management software means fewer headaches and more time to focus on what matters. Some platforms shine in financial tracking, others in tenant onboarding, but only a few bring everything together in a way that actually saves you time. If you're ready for a clean, intuitive system with built-in automation, rent collection, maintenance handling, and tenant messaging, all with no monthly cost, Magic Door is definitely the solution for you. Get started for free today with the link below and see how you can start managing your rentals smarter, not harder. Thanks for watching. I hope this video helped. If it did, make sure to give it a thumbs up and subscribe for more property management tips. And I will see you in the next one. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joelevequoz [1 likes]: What about local solution on your own computer?
  2. @storyandasong: How much is magic door for one property
  3. @innago8743: Appreciate the quick rundown across different platforms, especially calling out how each one fits different landlord needs. Comparisons like this are helpful when landlords are sorting through options.
  4. @tonycastro2389: Can I charge an application fee ?
  5. @sammakled: thank you
  6. @GlitchinthePattern: I just went on your website its chargeable not free!

- Top 5 Industries That Benefit from Our Equipment Rental Management Software | #1 Zoho Programmer: Kind: captions Language: en top five industries that benefit from our equipment rental management software let's dive in construction industry our software streamlines scheduling and inventory management helping teams focus on building events and entertainment industry manage extensive inventories and Logistics seamlessly to ensure every event runs smoothly healthare our software simplifies tracking and compliance for medical equipment rentals enhancing patient care agriculture industry manage seasonal equipment rentals effortlessly boosting productivity during peak times AV and production track gear and manage logistics for successful events with ease from construction to AV production our software enhances operations across Industries ready to transform your rental business contact us for a free consultation today

- Best Property Management Software: Our Top 5 Recommendations: Kind: captions Language: en Whether you're managing 10 units or a thousand, having the right property management software can make your life a whole lot easier. But how do you pick the right one? Hi, I'm Jeff Bodiac with Software Connect. Today, I'm breaking down my favorite property management systems for different types of portfolios. So whether you've got residential, commercial, HOAs, or just a couple of rentals, there's something here for you. [Music] If you find this video helpful, hit the like button and subscribe. It helps us keep making objective recommendation videos like this. And stick around until the end where I'll give a solid free option if you're just starting out. Now, quick disclaimer. Pricing in this space can be all over the place. Some vendors charge per unit, others don't show pricing at all. Generally, it's best to get a quote straight from the source, or you can lean on us to get competitive quotes for free. Now, on to the picks. Let's kick things off with Buildium. It's one of our favorite for residential properties with a resident center tool so tenants can pay rent online, submit maintenance requests, and access things like their lease. All self-service so you're not fielding emails at 10 p.m. And it's not just tenant facing features. On your side, you can set up reoccurring payments to reduce late rent. It also organizes your maintenance in one place and lets you send announcements across your properties. Buildium is also pretty affordable, offering three different plans that increase in cost and features. Most businesses will opt for the growth plan, which starts at $183 per month and increases based on the number of units you manage. So, let's say you manage 100 units, you're looking at around $240 per month. Next up is Appfolio, which works really well if you're juggling both residential and commercial units. Its maintenance management tool pulls everything into one single dashboard. From there, you can see requests from your apartment, residents, and business offices. No more jumping between different screens. At FFolio also lets you create detailed inspection sheets for moveins and move outs. Have an apartment building with different unit styles? No problem. You can provide forms for different room types in the same property, giving you more specific feedback. That's way better than generic templates or even worse, paper checklists. Now, pricing's a bit more opaque with Appfolio, so you need a direct quote for exact rates. That said, there's a 50unit minimum for the lowest pricing package, so if you have less, you'll need to look elsewhere. And the reality is getting exact quotes from a bunch of different vendors is a real hassle. There's a whole process of talking to a sales rep, determining if you're a good fit, and then haggling over price. But good news, there's an easier way. Just visit softwareconnect.com and we'll give you tailored recommendations for free so you can get price quotes and demos without the headache. Now, let's talk Yardy Breeze. This one's really strong on the accounting side. It handles your general ledger, payables, receivables, even escrow and trust accounting without needing a separate tool. It offers packages for a wide range of property types, residential, commercial, affordable housing, even associations and self- storage. The interface is also super clean and makes it easy to find the more niche property details like specific unit types or custom lease terms. Yardy Breeze's pricing depends upon what types of properties you manage. For residential, it starts at $1 per unit per month with a $100 per month minimum. For commercial, it's the same price per unit with a $200 minimum. It's a solid pick for small to midsize operators who want something reliable without breaking the bank. Now, if you're managing condos or HOAs, take a look at Door Loop. With its communication portal, you can blast out communitywide announcements in bulk. Plus, you can assign tasks to staff and share files with the architectural review board to get new projects going fast. Collection fees is simple, too. Door Loop automatically separates your association fees from rent, so everything stays clean and compliant with just a few clicks. You can also set deadlines and track overdue payments. As for pricing, Door Loop's three packages range from $69 to $199 per month when build annually. The price is increased by $20 for every 20 units added, making it a little more cost-effective than a per unit model. That said, the basic plan has a maximum of 160 units. So, if you're above that, you'll need one of the higher tiers. But if you're just getting started, you probably want something at the lowest cost possible. Enter Hemlane, which offers a free plan if you're only managing a couple of properties. You can screen applicants, advertise on websites, and use the full rental accounting module. Granted, there's a lot more features on the paid plan, but when you're just starting to grow, the system scales with more automation and support. So, there you have it. Those are my top property management software picks. And if you want to explore more options, visit our full roundup page in the description. We feature other products like Avail and Tenant Cloud. Tell us what kind of portfolio you're managing in the comments, residential, commercial, HOA, short-term, and we'll help match you with the right software. or head over to softwarconnect.com for a free tailored short list built around your specific needs. Thanks for watching. We'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ironwoodjosh [11 likes]: We have 5 properties and DoorLoop is excellent 👍
  2. @UncookMyBooks [4 likes]: I highly recommend avoiding Yardi Breeze. It's a headache, especially for accounting.
  3. @alejandroholz4055 [2 likes]: I work for a company that manages residential buildings. Our portfolio is currently close to 6000 units with more to come in the future. What do you recommend. We also manage the construction of our properties and occasionally high rise condos.
  4. @angusmeyer3486 [2 likes]: Hi, Im in South Africa and I'm managing  combination of residential and shopping centres. What would be best to use?
  5. @SoftwareConnect [1 likes]: Find property management software for any portfolio size: https://softwareconnect.com/go/property-management-software-66bbb
  6. @Itsamy_10 [1 likes]: Honestly, no system does everything out of the box. We’re an Appfolio shop, but we had to put Workbeaver on top to actually automate our custom admin stuff. Since it doesn’t need an API, it just handles the manual execution for us. best way we've found to bridge those workflow gaps
  7. @johntribitt7182 [1 likes]: Should try out Tidwell super easy to use and doesn't cost much
  8. @cindyglaze3664 [1 likes]: I only have four Residential Properties
  9. @IsaMay13 [1 likes]: Don't forget center check! They pull data from actual credit card transactions instead of phone location stuff (aka placer ai... way to expensive for most folk), imo way more accurate for seeing what people actually buy vs. who just walks by
  10. @kedrickharris9419 [1 likes]: What's the name of the first one
  11. @FastResponseAI: @SoftwareConnect Would you consider adding Fast Response AI to your review? We help property managers making their front desk more efficient by handling most of their conversations automatically...
  12. @VaibhavVyavahare-g9i: I'm a CS student building an automation tool for PMs. Is it true that you spend 40% of your time just coordinating contractors for simple repairs?"
And what are other gaps you see in these saas. And where i can automate things so it will reduce time and cost of PMs.
  13. @innago8743: One thing we always tell landlords is that the “best” software really depends on whether you’re self-managing a few units or running a larger operation. Great breakdown here.
  14. @alexp9470: my wife and i just started our PM company in NJ. and let me tell you, analysis paralysis is real!! we don't know if we should take the $62/month/ a la carte company, 50 unit minimum companies or what. any ideas?
  15. @andorabest7820: I manage over 500 units commercial mall, with over 30 users, roles right is important to know who does what.
  16. @burstinglightan-art-boutiq4292: What do you think about MagicDoor?
  17. @joelevequoz: Nice video, thank you for sharing.
  18. @mtinsley: I definietly would love your opinoin on RentRedi! I have been using them for a couple years now on a few of my propertie and they offer a lot, very user friendly, tenant app, ulimited properties all for $144 a year (used to be $100), they are still learning and growing. But what I am noticing now is that they dont offer invoicing and you cant split up rent to be delivered to multiple accounts accounts at once (preoperty manager 10% and landlord 90%). I am looking into starting my own property management company and am now seeing these softwares through a different lense. I did a lot of research on many of these companies years ago when i was broke & young. RentRedi seemed to offer most, maybe 90%, of what the big older comapnies offered for 10x-20x less. Curious on your take.
  19. @everettr.2806: Whats your thoughts on baselane?
  20. @kortbyy: Would you be open to give us a feedback on a software we're building?? We're looking for a consultation.

- How to manage equipment rentals in Priority ERP | Rental business management made easy: Kind: captions Language: en Manage your equipment rental business directly from your ERP system. Centrally manage your rental inventory business and track status and location. Access rental history from the same screen. Customize quick action buttons for rental management directly from the rental list or the homepage. Automate the equipment rental process with a flexible BPM tool. Leverage a Gant chart view to easily adjust rental planning with drag and drop functionality. Want to learn more?

- Top 5 Rental Management Platforms You Should Know: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Let's take a quick look at five of the top property management software solutions. Rent manager, Buildium, Appfolio, Turbo Tenant, and Propertyware. Starting with Rent Manager. It's a solid choice if you're managing residential, commercial, or mixed portfolios. The platform is known for being highly customizable with tons of integrations and features to support everything from marketing to tax prep. But keep in mind there's no free trial and the starting price can be a bit steep. Next up is Buildium. This one's great for associations and landlords with a mix of property types. You'll get remote access, a clean tenant portal, and lots of helpful integrations. It's userfriendly and powerful, but it does get expensive at the higher tiers. Now, let's talk about Appfolio. If you're managing a mid to largesized portfolio and want something more advanced, this one's for you. It offers everything from AI leasing assistance to professional websites and 24/7 support. However, it's not the best pick for smaller portfolios. And there's no free trial. Then there's Turbo Tenant, a real winner for DIY landlords. It's completely free for landlords to use and supports unlimited units. It covers all the essentials like rent collection and tenant screening. But if you're looking for more advanced tools, those come at an extra cost. Finally, property wear. This one is purpose-built for landlords managing single family homes at scale. It's clean, customizable, and comes with powerful features like maintenance tracking, lead management, and a vendor portal. That said, it's best suited for larger portfolios as there's a high monthly minimum and no free trial. And if all that sounds like a lot to manage, that's where Acrebook comes in. We make property management simple. From smooth software migration to leasing support, bookkeeping, and tech help. Visit us to get started.

- How to Manage Airbnb Property Remotely [Full Guide 2025]: Kind: captions Language: en thinking of managing an Airbnb property remotely absolutely possible with the right tools and resources you can manage everything from the comfort of your home from Key Handover to finding a cleaner messaging guests to setting up prices it can all be done very easily with the right ingredients I am prias and I manage over 250 properties worldwide from the comfort of my home in this non-nonsense Airbnb video I'm going to tell you exactly how it's done so let's dive straight in firstly let me list down the key issues that might be stopping you from managing your Airbnb property from a distance how do I find a reliable cleaner how will I hand over keys to guests how do I find a reliable Tradesmen like plumbers or electricians what security measures should I Implement to keep my property safe do I need a virtual assistant or a management agency to communicate with the guests how do I know if my property is priced correctly what insurance coverage should I consider how do I ensure guests don't misuse the property or throw parties and lastly what are the best practices for remote communication with the guests so let's begin with my practical tips to manage your Airbnb effectively no matter where you are how do I find a reliable cleaner your cleaner is going to be your eyes and ears in this business so it is the first and the most important step you should take if you don't know a local cleaner you should head over to to turo.com it is a game changer in finding experienced and wetted cleaners it is straightforward to use and it allows you to schedule cleanings communicate with the cleaners and even handle payments all in one place another option which you shouldn't Overlook is the Facebook groups for Airbnb hosts in your area these groups are gold mine for recommendations on Dependable local cleaners And Trades people based on real experience from fellow hosts and combining turno with local insights from Facebook you are setting up yourself for a seamlessly clean and well-maintained property no matter where you are next is how will I hand over keys to guests for handing over keys to your guests there are few options for you to choose from the first and the easiest one is a lock box it is like a safe box where you can leave the keys inside you just tell your guest the secret code and they can open the box to get the keys when they arrive it is inexpensive and safe and if you're one step ahead of me and thinking the code should be changed each time to stop unauthorized access come back one step and listen the problem is not the lockbox it is the key which the guest had full access to for a few days if they really intended to return unauthorized they could have just copied the keys for a couple of bucks you would need to change the lock each time in that case so stop overthinking about it and move on to the next option which is a Smart Lock they are like magic because you can lock and unlock your door with just your phone from anywhere and you can give your guest their own special code to get in they're super easy to install and they even connect with Airbnb and send a unique code to each guest and if this option doesn't work for you either then you should look at using key Handover service like key Nest or key Cafe they let you hand over keys at nearby cafe or a shop your guest picks up the key by showing a code and you will know exactly when they have picked them up it is super easy and keeps your keys safe and to make things even easier for you I will leave a link in the description below for each of these options next is how do I find Reliable Tradesmen like plumbers or electricians finding reli Tradesmen like plumbers or electricians for your Airbnb can be a bit like looking for a treasure but don't worry it is easier than it sounds a great place to start is by using websites and apps designed to help you find local professionals websites like Ang's list home advisor or Thumpback are like treasure maps you can see reviews from other people which is like getting a Peak at the treasure before you find it this way you know you are hiring someone who is good at what they do and don't don't forget about asking round two sometimes the best Treasures are found through Word of Mouth talk to other Airbnb hosts in your area or family members or friends they might have worked with a great plumber or an electrician before and can give you their contact and remember I will drop some links in the description below to these websites where you can start your search finding a reliable Tradesman is all about knowing where to look and asking the right people next is what security measures should you implement first up consider installing a security camera outside your property this isn't about spying on your guest but about keeping an eye on your place when no one is there just make sure to let your guest know about the cameras and keep them outside to respect privacy next think about getting a Smart Lock we talked about these for key Handover but they're also great for security you can change the access code with every guest which means you don't have to worry about key is getting lost or copied if you need to give someone temporary access like an electrician or a plumber you can give them a oneoff code and if you want to go an extra mile setting up a security system with sensors on doors and windows can alert you if something is wrong but make sure this is all outside the property there should be strictly no surveillance device inside the property for guest privacy and lastly good lighting around your property can make a big difference it helps guests find their way at night and keeps unwelcome visitors away I will leave a link to some of the most used security cameras by Airbnb hosts in the description below next question people ask is do I need a virtual assistant or a management agency to communicate with the guest here is the thing you don't thanks to the power of Technology there are websites out there that can automate all of your repetitive communication with the guest and your cleaners and some of them use AI to answer guest queries instantly saving you the hassle of keeping an eye on your messages all the time but you will need to step in for those occasional custom queries or specific issues your guests might have but for everything else these apps have got you covered and they come at a fraction of the cost of hiring a virtual assistant my go-to tool for automation is hospitable it is not only the most budget friendly option but it is also the best it not only sends time messages to guests but also sends text and email reminders to cleaners gives you direct booking website and syncs availability and prices of your property on other platforms as well if you decide to list your property on vbo and booking.com later on with hospitable you are getting an AI powered assistant without the Hefty price tag keeping your operation smooth and your guest happy while you are watching Netflix next is how do I know if my property is PR priced correctly here is a golden tip ditch the manual pricing the best strategy to use is a dynamic pricing tool these smart tools adjust your rates based on demand and competition and other factors like local events or holidays just like hotels and Airlines do this means you are always offering competitive rates that attract guests without leaving any money on the table manually setting your prices isn't just timec consuming it is nearly impossible to keep up with constant Market changes Dynamic pricing tools do the heavy lifting for you ensuring your properties priced perfectly for every season and reason I will leave a link to the dynamic pricing tool that I use in the description below it is the most reasonably priced software out there with all the features a host may need when it comes to pricing another question you may have is what insurance coverage should I consider although airbnb's air cover guarantee covers you and your property for any any kind of damage or reliability claims that may arise during the guest stay but you will still need additional short-term rental insurance to give you cover when there is no guest staying at the property or for damages that are caused not due to guest negligence in short get a short-term rental property insurance and you may optionally get content insurance as well proper insurance is one of the most popular websites offering Insurance Solutions for Airbnb host I will leave a link to the proper Insurance product list in the description below for you to check it out remember the goal is to protect yourself your property and your guests Insurance might seem like an extra expense but it is really an investment in your peace of mind so take the time to research and choose the right coverage for your needs it is a smart move that will keep you hosting confidently for years to come how do I ensure guests don't misuse the property or throw parties here is how you you can keep things in check clear house rules set clear strict rules about no parties or events and also outline the consequences for breaking them make sure guests agree to these rules before they confirm their booking security deposits require a security deposit this gives you some financial protection and deters guest from breaking the rules screen guests don't shy away from asking questions before accepting a booking this can help you Gorge the intention of their stay noise monitors consider installing noise monitors in your property devices like noise aware can alert you if noise levels exceed a certain threshold indicating a potential party without invading privacy good communication be upfront about your expectations a friendly reminder upon checkin about your rules regarding parties can go a long way utilize technology some smart home devices can help you monitor your property in nonintrusive ways such as door sensors that alert you when too many people enter the house I will leave a link to all these smart devices I mentioned in the description for you to check them out and lastly what are the best practices for remote communication with the guests clear and detailed information provide clear comprehensive information about your property check-in procedures house rules and local recommendations this minimizes confusion and the need for guests to contact you with basic questions personalize your communication tailor your messages to address guests by name and reference any specific requests or reasons for their stay personal touches make guests feel valued and builds a positive repo hospitable will L you this very effectively be proactive anticipate common questions or issues and address them upfront in your welcome message or a guide book providing this information proactively can reduce the need for the guest to reach out during their stay maintain a friendly tone even in text your tone can convey warmth and Hospitality use friendly welcoming language to make guest feel at home checkin during the stay Midway through the stay send a check-in message to ensure everything is going smoothly this shows that you care about their experience and are available to assist if needed solicit feedback after departure after guest check out follow up with a thank you message message and a request feedback on their stay this gives them a way of sharing the feedback directly to you before they get to write a public feedback on your Airbnb listing I wanted to keep this video short and give you an overview of the tools and techniques that you can use but if you want to fully understand how each of these system work I will be creating separate videos for them in the next few days so stay tuned to my channel nonon senser BNB I hope you find this video useful please do check out the links I have sh shared in the description below and leave me a comment if you need more info about any of these things I mentioned in this video or if there is something which I couldn't cover in this video wish you all the best and happy hosting

  Top Comments:
  1. @CosasyCasosmisteriosos [2 likes]: Thanks for your excellent video!! I subscribed
  2. @monimagogoi7604 [1 likes]: 👍
  3. @everythingpal [1 likes]: If uou add a cohost for say a hotel property can uou charge them 30 % each booking do you make a contract what if they dont want a contract but are ok otherwise in futeuee yhey can list on yheir own ?
  4. @kvee-o8p: How do you deal with adhoc urgent pings from remote guests, say a clogged toilet or something else that needs physical presence?
  5. @eshanakashanu2717: Make a video about how you manage 250 properties from your home... A specific video for Airbnb management
  6. @windfallprofitsTV: Great help, thanks
  7. @ChamaraM-it7nq: thank you so much
  8. @matiassamana-x1d: 👏🏻👏🏻
  9. @silentnight6547: What a good video! Thanks
  10. @cidborj: You're soooo helpfullll!!
  11. @silkscorpion777: Thank you soooo much. Hope AirBnB hires you for their help section. Your content has been irreplaceable.
  12. @ibechijiokedavid9280: I just came across your videos and i must say you're very good. I like how you broke everything down to the tiniest details.
  13. @AndyWHChia: Thanks for making this video and sharing the information, Bro!
  14. @jonathanbenak4457: Great run down for the basics.  I'd love to hear more.  THANKS SO MUCH!!!
  15. @beatsbybikki: Have you hosted In Nepal?
  16. @abdulrehmanjunejo222: thank you for making this video, really helped me alot.
  17. @samranize: My name is Samran, and I have recently Joined freelancing industry. I’m looking to learn & enhance my knowledge in short-term rentals (STR).

I’m particularly interested in learning about co-hosting / virtual Assistant and rental arbitrage, 
I'have gone through your channel on  I’d greatly appreciate your expertise & skillset on strategies, tools, and processes for both.

Could you guys schedule a time or recommed me any of your course through which i can learn the things in true spirits. 
Or Share your insight to make a positive impact on my learning. 
would appreciate your humble response..
  18. @Ehzadrayhan8850: new subscriber you are awesome . I have two bed two bath condo and i would like to take pictures for my place . Where i can find the photographer and how much i should pay to them ?
  19. @hassan10ify: Hey bro. Thanks for your tips just looking to start hosting hosting my own properties.
  20. @1924malla: all the sites you mentioned in video, are those service in uk as well?

- 7 Tips For Managing Rental Properties: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about rental property management actually wait that's a kind of boring way to start a video so first let me talk about one of my favorite sports Ultimate Frisbee all right you know when I first started playing ultimate frisbee I was horrible like I would drop every pass I'll throw the frisbee on the ground and then end up losing the game for my team however today after five years of playing I'm still pretty horrible in fact that lose like every game I play now why well because I never made a conscious choice to improve to get better right being a great manager of rental properties it's very similar successes the landlord doesn't come naturally it's a skill you got to develop and as you become a better manager the property makes more money and your stress levels drop dramatically so if you can't commit to becoming a great manager then just don't do it alright the stakes are much higher than a simple game of Ultimate Frisbee my name is Brandon Turner author of the book on rental property investing and the book on managing rental properties and in this video I want to lay out my we'll call them seven rules for rental property management success and of course if you like this video don't forget to click that little thumbs up button let in the world know this video here is valuable all right on to the list rule number one property management is a business not a hobby treat it that way you see way too many new property managers just fly by the seat of their pants trying to figure things out as they go but those are the managers who wind up in hot water with their tenants their neighbors and their spouses so commit to treating your business like a business get the right forms be professional act like you're managing 10,000 units even if you're just managing one this means being organized developing systems and processes that guide your business and making sure your bookkeeping is in order from day one alright rule number two offer a great property for rent I mean repeat after me nasty properties attract nasty tenants nasty properties attract nasty tenants alright offering a great property upfront can help a ton great properties going to have fewer repair overtimes gonna attract a higher quality tenant who will care for the property better and that tenants where I gonna stay way longer which means more profit for you alright rule number 3 attract as many tenants as possible you know when you're trying to find a good tenant there's a lot of them out there right some are good some are not so good it's important you only rent to the good ones so you need to open up your funnel the people interested to as many possible tenants as you can think about it this way if you list your place for rent and you have only two people interested right you're stuck between choosing between one of them or waiting forever for someone else costing you time and money but what if you had twenty interested parties well now there's a lot higher chance you're gonna find someone incredible in that group I mean if you had 50 even better right so don't just rely on one marketing technique to attract tenants to your property try a lot of stuff I mean we used Craigslist with Zillow we'll put a sign in the yard take out a newspaper ad put a flier up at the grocery store maybe even an ad on Facebook get the phone ringing increase your chance of landing a great tenant all right moving on to rule number four screen for the best look finding a great tenant is the number one most important thing in ensuring a great profitable rental property management future or living through years of hell beating yourself up forever getting into this line of work so when screening tenants I look at four general areas first income which I want to be three times whatever the rent is job stability which I want to make sure their job isn't temporary and that they haven't been there for you know just a couple days credit which I usually want to be above 600 see that they're a little responsible and finally rental history which I want to see they have positive reviews from previous landlords and no prior evictions when it comes to human nature we don't really change all that much I mean how a tenant has been is probably how they're going to be no matter what they say or how much they try to convince you that they've changed I'm gonna let other landlords other managers take those risks I want a sure bet all right moving on to rule number five be mindful of fair housing laws now look there are some things you can too terminated against and should having an eviction on your record of being a smoker or owning fifteen cats or whatever right but other things are legal no nose for discriminated against like race color religion sex handicap familial status disability or national origin so don't ask how many kids they have or why they're in a wheelchair or what religion they are is just stupid right asking for a lawsuit also keep in mind some states add a few other things a little protected classes to the list so be sure to research your local laws and remember this is a business and business owners are required to know the laws now speaking of legal let's move on to rule number six sign a rock-solid lease with your tenant look when you're a kid you don't often understand why rules exist I mean come on mom right but as you grow up you realize that rules are there to keep everybody on the same page and everybody happy they make the world go round that is why having a rock-solid lease is so important a lease is a legal document that spells out all the terms of the rental period as well as the rules and regulations that govern the relationship between landlord and tenant they take a lot of the shooting from the hip decisions and get out of the picture and give you the manager something powerful to rely on when making decisions and a solid lease can protect you and the property legally in case something goes terribly wrong like town wants moving a dog well what's a lease a tenant wants to move out early okay well what's the least a antenna has garbage piling up on their deck well what does the lease say keep in mind else this is important real estate is highly localized what might be required in one state might be illegal to talk about in another so it's important that you have a state specific lease not just something that you pulled off the internet and if you are interested in getting one of those state specific wands BiggerPockets Pro members get regularly updated lawyer reviewed state specific leases and other rental documents as one of the perks of being a pro member so check out the other perks at BiggerPockets dot-com slash pro and learn more about BiggerPockets pro all right rule number seven be firm but fair look perhaps one of the best piece of advice I ever received when I became a landlord were those forwards be firm but fair another it's followed the rules and guidelines you put in place have penalties for late like late fees when tenants break the rules right don't bend because you heard a sob story not only does that hurt you and your finances it actually ultimately hurts the tenant imagine this the tenant calls and said there was some mishap with the paycheck and they're gonna be a week late on rent you let it slide and now you've trained them that that's okay so two months later it happens again but this time it's a couple weeks late and later it's a monthly pretty soon there's three months behind rent they're not answering your calls and you've got an evict a tenant costing you thousands of dollars and now for the next decade your tenant is gonna struggle trying to find a place to write because I got that eviction on the record all because you were too soft that's on you now I know that sounds dramatic but that exact scenario plays out time and time and time again with landlords all around the world it always ends bad instead be firm but fair follow your rules follow your lease because remember you are running a business now if you enjoyed these tips today can you do me a quick favor and click that little thumbs up button below the video and of course be sure to pick up a copy of the book on managing rental properties which you can get at BiggerPockets coms I store or wherever books are sold I wrote that book alongside my wife Heather who is the best landlord I have ever met she's incredible and you can be too if you just follow these seven simple rules for BiggerPockets calm my name is Brandon Turner sign enough [Music] yes

  Top Comments:
  1. @biggerpockets [20 likes]: What should our next video be?

Let us know below!
  2. @christopherarmstrong2710 [3 likes]: 1:53 “Offer a great property for rent. Nasty properties attract nasty tenants. A great property will have fewer repairs over time, and will attract a higher quality tenant who will care for the property better and stay longer—which means higher profits.”
  3. @BekOne88 [1 likes]: Thanks bro I saved this years ago and just watched.

I wanna do mgmt
  4. @NorthTexasPropertyManagement [1 likes]: 3 More tips! 

1. Systemize so you are more proactive vs reactive.  The stress can be crushing. 
2. Run your run collection with ZERO emotions.  This is a business not a hobby 
3. Do not stop verifying handymen or contractor prices.   It is not a matter of IF but WHEN they get comfortable and start charging you more.
  5. @tavisnewman4274 [1 likes]: Great video…. But you talk too much
  6. @Dan-qp1el: IDEA:  Electronic renter payment software recommendations please
  7. @FavianTech: Been curious about property management groups Austin Texas options in the area — this helps a lot.
  8. @TexasPropertyInsider: What makes rental management sustainable isn’t hustle — it’s systems. Clear screening criteria, written processes, and consistent follow-up change everything.
  9. @beetlebuilder5882: You state that you should get a bunch of applications and then pick the best one. This can get you in trouble with fair housing. You should set a list of minimum requirements ahead of time. When you receive an application you must put the date and time on the application. You must process the applications in order that you receive them. The first person that meets your minimum requirements gets the rental. Fair housing is nothing to mess with. The fines start at $65,000.
  10. @joelevequoz: Thank you for sharing, it is a very interesting video. I actually created a freeware to manage rental for up to 5 properties, check my profile, if you want to know more about.
  11. @KayleKehret: What tips would you guys say to a tenant who, let’s say, gets fired and says they will be late on rent. Say it’s a first time offense. I don’t have experience as a landlord and would love to hear tips for this sort of thing.
  12. @paradoxparty: #1. Stop being a parasite. Fund your lifestyle with a real job instead.
  13. @Crypto.Vantage: 00:05 - Effective rental property management requires skill development and commitment.
01:07 - Focus on professionalism and property quality for successful rental management.
02:13 - Attracting more tenants increases chances of finding quality renters.
03:11 - Effective marketing and thorough tenant screening are crucial for rental success.
04:11 - Understand and comply with fair housing laws in rental management.
05:17 - A strong lease is crucial for successful property management.
06:17 - Be firm but fair in managing tenant relationships.
07:13 - Be firm but fair to avoid costly evictions.
  14. @thelastaesthete: Landlordchads stay winning, rentcels stay mad
  15. @FtLauderdalePropertyManagement: I love Bigger Pockets! . We do property management out in fort lauderdale - Terratide Holdings
  16. @futbol1972: Hi, I live in clovis california.  I have a rental that my son was gonna use for airbnb however, he is not doing that anymore so iam going to rent the house.  House is already furnished, should I rent it  furnished  or will it be better to rent it without any furniture???. 
Without furniture i will rent house for $2200 it's a 1100 home close to fresno state university fully remodel. If is furnished do I rented for more, or is not worth the hassle and if i do what do what do I  put in lease in regards of taking care of furniture or if something breaks??  The teacher iam renting house to has two little kids and a dog, I thi k is a pit.
Also should I include garner in price of  yard?  I don't trust renters in taking care of yard.  I tought my younger son how to do yard so he can probably go do it and make some money??
  17. @thinkconstructionservices: Great feedback!
  18. @urklenurkle: Why does bro breathe so hard
  19. @zainabalghazaly628: Established experience, jaga hati pelbagai kaum
  20. @caterinabyrne380: Pay attention!! Do not take ME in front of a judge with a bunch of lies... When Jaden was living here in your crak house that you are  managing you didn't do anything but now because  you are dealing with someone outside your nasty circle ect ect ... Let's do IT !! Let's see how good of a lier you all are.. then I AM SENDING everyone back southern hemisphere....And greeting most at the DOOR!! HAHA??

- Types of vacation rental cleans (and how to manage each one) | Breezeway Academy: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, I'm Karine and welcome back to Breezeway Academy. >> [music] >> At Breezeway Academy, you'll learn how to build stronger, more professional vacation rental operations. So, whether you manage 10 homes or 1,000, this series is here to give you practical frameworks, proven systems, and real-world best practices that you can apply immediately. At Breezeway, we work with thousands of property managers around the world, and every day we get to see how high-performing operators structure their team, build their workflows, and deliver five-star consistently. But, we also see where operations break down. So, in this series, housekeeping excellence, we're going to talk about what it actually takes to build and run a smooth, scalable housekeeping operation in your vacation rental business. So far, we've covered how to structure your cleaning team, how to find and retain great cleaners, and how to pay them fairly. >> But now, we're going to talk about something that brings all of that together, and that's the different types of cleans that you will complete in each property, and how to manage them effectively. Because one of the most common mistakes in vacation rental operations is treating every clean the same. When that happens, your quality suffers because not all cleans are created equal. A turnover clean between guest stays is very different than a deep clean, and both are very different than an onboarding clean that you complete when a new property enters your management portfolio. When these differences aren't clearly defined, a few things can start to happen. First, your cleaners won't know what's expected of them, and therefore they can't deliver or meet your expectations. Important tasks get skipped, and properties slowly decline in quality. Over time, this is going to show up in your guest reviews. It's going to show up in your owner satisfaction, your owner retention, and your maintenance costs. So, clear clean types create clarity for your team, and they define expectations, they improve efficiency, and they protect consistency. >> So, let's start with onboarding cleans. An onboarding clean happens when a property is first brought under your program. This might be because of an ownership change or when a house returns to a rental market after time off. This is not a standard clean. This is your opportunity to bring the property up to your company standards and establish a baseline for everything that follows. During an onboarding clean, the team is going to fully reset the home. That's going to include a deep top-to-bottom clean, but it also goes beyond that. That's when you're going to identify any existing damage. It's when you're going to organize the owner items, and you're going to make fixes to ensure that the property is fully set up for success. It's also when you document the condition of the home through notes and photos, so you have a clear record moving forward. In fact, this is a great time to take reference photos that you can use for your team in the future, so that when your cleaners are in the property, they can see a reference of how the property should look after each clean. Another key part of onboarding is inventory. This is when you're establishing what's in the home, what's missing, what needs to be purchased or restocked. This sets expectations not just for your team, but for the property owners as well. >> An onboarding clean isn't about speed. It's about being thorough and setting the standard. If you get this step right, every clean that follows becomes easier and more consistent. >> Next is your standard turnover clean. It's the most frequent and most time-sensitive type of clean in your operation. Turnover cleans happen between guest stays, and they're often performed within really tight time frames, especially during peak season or back-to-back bookings. The goal of a turnover clean is to really fully reset the property so that it's ready for the next guest, including a clean of all guest-facing areas, replacement of linens, restocking of essentials, removing trash, and checking for any visible issues or damage that may have occurred. Your turnover cleans require both speed and precision, and there's very little margin for error. Your checklist for a turnover clean should be clear, focused, and structured on the tasks that are directly impacting the guest experience. Your high-touch surfaces, your bathrooms, your kitchens, the way that the bed presentation happens, amenity restocking, and they should be visually checking for damage or any missing items. Turnover cleans is where your operation is most exposed, and if something is missed, it's likely the guest who's going to find it. That's why clarity and consistency are so important here. >> Now, let's talk about deep cleans because these go far beyond your standard turnover clean. They focus on the areas that don't often get attention during every guest day, including things like your baseboard, the vents, behind your furniture, inside of appliances, the cabinets, upholstery. Deep cleans are essential for maintaining the long-term quality of the property. Without them, even the most well-managed properties slowly start to show wear and tear over time. You might not notice it immediately, but your guests will. So, deep cleans should be scheduled intentionally. That might mean that they're done seasonally, after periods of high occupancy, or before your peak booking window begins. They can also be triggered by inspection findings if the quality starts to decline. The key is that deep cleans are planned. They are not reactive. They're going to require more time, more detail, and different expectations than a standard turnover clean. Deep cleans protect your properties and your brand over time. >> Additionally, you may have mid-stay cleans. A mid-stay clean is going to happen at some point while the guest is still in house. Sometimes this is an upsell opportunity that a guest pays for to have you come in in the middle of their trip to service the home. Other times, this may just be part of your process. Let's say that you have a guest who's in house for 30, 60 days. Maybe you want to go in at the mid-stay point to get eyes and ears in the property and sort of anticipate anything that may come up after that guest departs. Additionally, and something that we're seeing more frequently, are mini deep cleans. So, this is when somebody is breaking down all of the components of a really thorough deep clean into smaller, more palatable bites. This is going to allow you to potentially lessen the amount of time that a property is out of service because you're doing these on multiple, multiple trips. And of course, we see a lot of folks who are doing pet cleans for properties that do welcome pets because there's a different level of cleanliness that has to be taken when you've had a pet in the property. >> Now that we've defined these different types of cleans, let's talk about how you schedule them. Each type of clean is really going to require a different approach. Your turnover cleans are typically pretty straightforward because they're tied to a reservation. These are automatically scheduled based off of check-in and check-out times, so there's really not an opportunity for anything to be missed. But, your onboarding and deep cleans are going to be scheduled with more intention. This is the same for your mini deep cleans and or mid-stay cleans. Pet cleans are probably going to follow the similar frequency of your turnover cleans because they're tied to folks who have pets as part of their reservation. But, for those cleans that are are not driven by reservations, it really needs to mean that you're setting aside dedicated time, assigning the right team, and ensuring that the scope of work is clearly defined. Each clean type should have its own scope, its own checklist, and its own time allocation. >> And this is where having the right systems is paramount. With Breezeway, you can create and assign different types of tasks for each clean. For example, as I said, your turnover cleans or your pet cleanings should be scheduled automatically based off of reservations that are synced from your PMS. Your onboarding and deep cleans are going to be scheduled independently based on your operational needs and availability. Each task should have its own checklist, so that the cleaner knows exactly what's expected depending on the type of clean that they're going to be performing. Plus, your managers can then see in real time the progress and the work that is happening at each property, which removes the guesswork for your team. They don't have to wonder what type of clean they're going to be doing when they get there, or what should be done as part of their task. The system will tell them, and that clarity is going to lead to better execution. >> Before we wrap up, let's look at a few common mistakes folks can make. The first is treating your onboarding cleans like a standard turnover. Your onboarding cleans are meant to fully reset the property and establish your standards from day one. When they're rushed or treated like a quick turnover, important details are going to be missed, existing issues might go undocumented, and you lose the opportunity to set that strong baseline for all future work. The second is using the same type of checklist for each clean that's completed. When your cleaners just have one generic checklist, they either try to do too much during a turnover clean, or they miss important details of a deep clean entirely. Another is not adjusting the time or pay based on the scope of work. Each clean is going to require a different level of effort, detail, and attention, and therefore the pay needs to be reflective of that. When your expectations don't match reality, both the quality and the team morale will suffer. And if everything is treated like a turnover clean, well, then your quality is always going to suffer. The different types of work require different expectations. They require different timelines and different systems to support them. Understanding the different types of vacation rental cleans is a key step in building a strong foundation to your housekeeping operations because each clean has a specific purpose. Your onboarding cleans set the standard, your turnover cleans protect the guest experience, and your deep cleans protect the long-term quality of the property and your relationship with the owner. And when these are all clearly defined and properly scheduled, your operation is so much more predictable. It's more efficient, and you have more consistency [laughter] that you're delivering. In the next video, we're going to take this one step further and talk about how to create cleaning checklists that actually support your team and ensure that those standards are followed every time. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next episode of Breezeway Academy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @7evenCreatives: Really liked this one. If you ever need an editor to take some load off, just saying👌

- How to create a vacation rental cleaning checklist that actually works | Breezeway Academy: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, I'm Corina Oki, and welcome back to Breezeway Academy. >> [music] >> At Breezeway Academy, you'll learn how to build stronger, more professional vacation rental operations. So, whether you manage 10 homes or 1,000, this series is here to give you proven systems, practical frameworks, and real-world best practices that you can apply immediately. At Breezeway, we work with thousands of property managers around the world, and every day we get to see how high-performing operators structure their teams, build their workflows, and deliver five-star stays consistently. But, we also see where operations breaks down. So, in this series, Housekeeping Excellence, we're going to break down what it actually takes to build and run a smooth, scalable housekeeping operations in your vacation rental business. So far, we've covered how you structure your cleaning team, how to find and retain great cleaners, how to pay them fairly, and how to define the different types of cleans that you'll be completing. Now, we're going to bring all of that together with one of the most important tools in your operations, your checklist. Because if there's one thing that separates consistent, professional operators from reactive ones, it's having a checklist that actually works. Now, a cleaning checklist isn't just a list of tasks. It's actually how you translate your standards into something that your team can follow every time they're out in the field doing work. Without a checklist, your operation just relies on memory and your cleaners decide what clean means. So, your training can also become inconsistent. [music] And that means that the quality varies from property to property or cleaner to cleaner. But, with a strong checklist, expectations are clear and your team knows exactly what needs to be done. Your managers can easily verify the work, and your guests have the same experience every time they walk into a property under your portfolio. A checklist is the difference between hoping that a property is ready and knowing that it is. >> Every vacation rental property is different. So, how do you build a checklist that works? So, let's walk through it step-by-step. The first step is simple, but it's often skipped. Start by walking the property yourself. You need to do this alone and not quickly, not at a high level, but you need to go room by room and think through every detail from the guest's perspective. What are the high-touch areas? What are some small details that your guests will notice? What are the things that are easy to miss? If you wouldn't check it yourself, you can't expect a cleaner to catch it. And your checklist should reflect your standards. It shouldn't be based on assumptions. Next, you need to separate your checklist based off of the type of work being done. As we talked about in the last video, not all cleans are created the same, and a standard turnover clean has a very different scope than a deep clean. Your turnover cleans focus on guest-facing essentials. They're done with speed and precision, and your deep cleans are more focused on details that are less frequently checked that protect the long-term quality of the property. If you try to use one checklist for everything, you're either going to overwhelm your team or you'll miss important details. Your checklist should also reflect your brand. What does clean actually mean for your business? So, that might include how the beds are made, how the towels are folded, what supplies are placed and where, how your amenities are presented. You want to document these things down to the details, because two properties can be equally clean, but feel completely different to a guest. And your checklist is going to ensure that your standards are delivered consistently across all of your homes. Because every property is different, that means that each property should have its own custom checklist. Some will have pools, some will have hot tubs, some have unique appliances or layouts, and some owners have very specific preferences. One of the biggest mistakes operators can make is keeping that information separate from your checklist in notes or emails or, worse yet, in someone's memory. Additionally, property-specific details should be built directly into your checklist. You want to include reference photos in that checklist of exactly how the owner wants the throw pillows arranged or whatever other scenario you have in your business. But, that way, the cleaners don't have to guess and nothing gets missed, and you get fewer calls from your owners, because your owner expectations shouldn't live in someone's inbox. They should live in your system. >> Now, creating a checklist is one thing, but getting your team to regularly use it is another, and this is where many operators fall short. >> Paper checklists or static documents might work at a small scale, but as you grow, they'll break down, and they get outdated or ignored by cleaners because they become familiar with the property. Paper checklists are hard to enforce, and there's no visibility into whether the work is actually being done. A checklist only works if it's part of the workflow, not separate from it. For a checklist to work in the field, it needs to be simple, clear, and easy to follow. Tasks should be written out in plain language and follow a logical order that matches how the cleaner moves through the home. They should also remove any guesswork, not add to it. Your cleaner should be able to reference details, understand expectations, and move effectively through the task. >> And this is where digital checklists make a huge difference. With Breezeway, checklists live directly inside the task that's being created. Your cleaners access them on our mobile app while they're at a property, even if they don't have Wi-Fi. These checklists can be translated into different languages, making them accessible to diverse teams. As managers, you can include reference photos that show exactly what done should look like. And as tasks are completed, that property status is updating in real time, which turns your checklist into a working system, not just a document. But, a checklist only works if your cleaners actually use it. >> So, let's talk about accountability. Even with a strong checklist, you need to have a way for them to verify that the work was done, and this is where that documentation comes in. In Breezeway's mobile checklist, you can make it a requirement to upload photos of specific checklist items. For example, emptying the fridge or placing the amenities. And this level of documentation creates a record of what was done, what the property looked like before the next guest arrived. It's also good practice to take photos when you arrive at a property after a guest has departed, in case there are any claims after the fact. All of this protects your team and protects your business, and it reduces disputes. Photos turn a checklist from a to-do list to proof of work. >> This also ties directly into something that we covered in the last video, which is cleaner pay. One of the biggest sources of confusion is not knowing what work is being paid for. But, when checklists are tied to task completion and the task completion is tied to payment, everything becomes clearer. Your cleaners know what's expected, your managers know what was done, and the payments are based on that verified work, not guesswork. All of this reduces the back and forth, and improves trust, and it makes your operation more efficient. >> So, let's take a quick look at how this comes together in Breezeway. Each task, regardless of the type of clean, has its own checklist. Those tasks are organized by room, and we have clear instructions for each step. There are property-specific notes that are included as needed, and reference photos help the cleaners know the expected results. As the cleaner moves through the task, they can mark off the work that's already been completed and upload any documentation that's required. From a manager's perspective, you get to see what's been completed, what's still in progress, and whether or not the property is ready for the next guest. All of this creates so much more visibility across your entire organization. >> Before we wrap up, let's look at a few common mistakes. One is overloading your checklist with too many tasks. When a checklist becomes too long or it's overly detailed, your cleaners might rush through it or they start to ignore parts of it altogether. A good checklist should be thorough, but also practical and usable in the time allotted. Another mistake is using the same checklist for every property. Different homes have different needs, and your checklist should reflect those differences. A one-size-fits-all approach leads to missed details and poor quality. We also see operators creating checklists, but never updating them. As your standards evolve, as there are upgrades to the property made, or as owners buy new furniture, your checklist should update along with those improvements. Otherwise, your systems just outdated. And finally, not reviewing checklist completion regularly. If managers aren't checking that the tasks are being completed properly, then accountability breaks down. A checklist that no one looks at is just busy work. Creating a strong cleaning checklist is one of the most important steps that you can take to build a scalable housekeeping operation. It turns your standards into systems, and it gives your team clarity. Plus, it gives you visibility into what's happening across your entire portfolio. And more importantly, it ties everything that we've covered in this series together. Choosing the right team, hiring and training the right cleaners, paying them fairly, defining the different types of work that's done, and now creating a system that ensures it all gets done the right way. Housekeeping excellence isn't just about working harder. It's about building systems that work for you. Feel free to drop a comment below if you have any questions, or click the link below to book time with our team of experts. Thanks for joining us for this Housekeeping Excellence series of Breezeway Academy, and we'll see you in the next one.

- Streamlining the Vacation Rental Cleaning Process with Jonathan: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right we're back at one of my favorite companies in Arizona and we've been working together for about a year and a half now but as you know you hear me talk about all the time cleaning is literally the lifeline if it comes to a really good vacation rental it's very competitive out there so you got to work with the best and that's well and good this is my buddy Jonathan we're in his Warehouse we're gonna do a little b-roll but I want to introduce you to him because we've met about a year and a half ago now been working on all my properties and I think we got like a perfect five star on all of them I love that I love that let's go love that totally so you want to introduce yourself so a lot of people that that watch it you know either brand new in the business kind of starting or they have multiple properties and I can't even begin to tell you how many questions we get on cleaning what's the process so if you if you wouldn't mind explaining where you guys are going your company I'm sure you're expanding all that stuff yeah well you mentioned it the the cleaning is so important it's you got to have it done right and I think what we found was that in this industry the cleaners were oftentimes really not set up for success in the sense that they were asked to do so many things Beyond cleaning so we obviously have a linen aspect to this industry where the beds have to be turned over and oftentimes cleaners are having to be really laundry attendants and doing the laundry in home so what we what we brought to the industry was a bundled service that does your your professional cleaning as well as off-site laundering with Hotel style Linens that are standardized and then we also brought in the guest Essentials portion to really eliminate that inventory closet because again the cleaners Focus if it's on what's going on in the inventory closet and all the things we bring in the items that are needed for each service to make sure it's all there there's no missing items and that's really been the thing the inventory Clause you know oh man yeah it looks like coming the guest said it was unlocked and they open it and the next thing you know all your sheets and towels and everything's gone yeah and and then there's this locked up so now there's so in order to avoid that people put in a million locks in there and it's just it turns into such a process and they're not as organized as people want them to be they start off great and then two months later you're missing half the things and I we just wanted to have a better way to allow the professionals to focus on that clean so our folks come in with fully laundered uh Linens sheets towels everything and they're also bringing in the uh all the guest Essentials which allow them to focus on that clean and so that's been that's been huge we started here in the valley and we we were new we're still new I guess but we really knew when we started working with you that it's you've seen it kind of evolve a little bit in some of the things that we do yeah which is exciting I love startups the energy of startups are always really exciting and I like going through the pain and suffering with companies right it's fun like you know that you know they're getting new software installed to make it smoother like it's on my phone if I have a problem or like right now earlier before this meeting no joke we have an owner that wants to stay in the house and I'm like they're already high sensitive on the cleans and all that stuff so real quick on the app I can reach out to well and good and say hey the owners are coming last minute can you guys please make sure it looks great boom right back instantly and then I can see it I can get on the app and I can see so you guys have come a long ways before it was a lot of text yes which is impossible the app is great and the app brings that photo element to the documentation just like you can immediately see in real time what your property looks like we have every room documented every Appliance is always documented and and now what we found is that the professionals actually love documenting the work it used to be initially there they you know taking all these pictures but now they're showing off their work and they're wanting to have that pride and it's really because they know that someone's looking at these photos and like someone's really saying like wow that looks awesome and and it does I think the documentation has been huge for for so many things including what is the condition of the home right now can I let somebody in are we ready to go yeah I feel like Jonathan and I could probably sit here all day and talk about this stuff because as you can tell already he's very very passionate in his work which pushes back on to any host that is work with him it's not just like he's my cleaning company clean my house it's like a real partnership he has a ton of passion and trying to get the best clean as possible they're really open to feedback when they need to change things they move quickly so like I can't stress enough how important it is to team up with somebody that has just amount of passion on your place as you do because I know you care about your place more than anybody but if you partner with somebody like well and good they have that much passion as well and it's just overall the experience of the guest the homeowners the management everything about it just seems to run a lot smoother and I think if you can combine passion with Focus that's where you get great success because and we can all be passionate if we're trying to do everything it's not going to be successful we have to have that Focus aspect and so what we say is that we are obsessed with that turnover process we're obsessed with making sure that everything is clean everything is presented and always supplied for the guests that way the host can focus on being a host which is that guest experience and providing that unique uh thing we say all the time that like our hosts are the artists we Supply the blank canvas to let them actually paint their Masterpiece because that's the unique aspect that a host can bring is that like it's what short-term rentals are it's the beautiful part of this like hey come into my community into my home or whatever it is let me show you around and that's the cool thing about hosting yeah that's cool and and know you guys are based here correcting if I'm wrong but I know you guys are expanding quite a bit are you going to different cities around Arizona you're starting to get into other states now so we service the whole Phoenix Valley and we also expanded to different cities we've kind of done that based off of strategic Partnerships with hosts and we were able to we want to also show diversity within our market so we went to some unique markets we went to Houston Texas as well as Boise Idaho and then we have expanded into local areas here in Arizona which is Flagstaff Sedona some of those areas north are now now part of our servicing and we want we do it with all the same values so meaning that we're still doing off-site laundering we're still bringing in the items fully ready just like a hotel does and no uh question marks when we get to the house we want to be prepared for everything that we can that we might be facing there and yeah the markets has been a big expansion I would say just to learn how to do it in different ways it's helped us evolve our service here that the other markets have always given us insight into like oh they're doing something different that actually helps us be better here it's funny you say that too because now that I'm so custom working with you guys when I'm looking for properties one I have a bunch of criteria that I'm doing when I'm looking for properties price location all this stuff but pretty much at the top five I'm calling well and good I'm like are you guys servicing Flagstaff or Sedona and so you say yes or no then I may not want to buy in that area sometimes you said Flagstaff the other day I'm like yes if we can go right right it does it does allow for expansion because if you know that that on-site portion is going to be dialed in then it could certainly allow for you to expand much much more I would say confidently and that's the confidence factor is what we're trying to give is like give the host the confidence that this is going to be done right because again we're going to obsess over it um yeah I think that the uh the footprint part has been good but the the main thing is the service has has remained the same like regardless across the board we're staying consistent with the values that we do uh some of our some of our culture isn't a big part of it it's another huge thing of what we do and that has to translate too to where every every Market is feeling that same kind of culture that we do so yeah very cool well I don't want to keep this man too busy with my time being selfish feeling I love it man yeah this is this is great I I love sit down and I've talked a lot about how we we love working with great hosts who actually who who stand for doing the right things and that's what we've been able to get with your partnership is that just that really a pillar of somebody who's who's advocating for for responsible hosting for smart hosting you know for let's let's be modern so that we can be better in essence and I appreciate what you do for the whole industry actually yeah it's definitely been it's been a huge thing having having you as a partner and also just you know we I love having you as a voice in the entire industry it's definitely it's definitely great that's what we need thank you man I appreciate that yeah so if you happen to be in a city that's not well and good then you're going to have to find other cleaners we get a lot of questions but if you're in the Phoenix area and you're not using well and good well you have other issues you gotta figure out right but if you're in a city of willing Goods not there I get a question all the time and I'd like to try to help host as much as I possibly can to and cleaning is one of the top of the questions right so do you have any advice for hosts that are trying to find a cleaner in their area where to go look and what kind of questions to ask maybe when they're doing the interview process or whatever yeah I think that it's obviously a difficult thing to to try to have that perfect person everyone's looking for the Unicorn cleaner and I would just say you know you can definitely help out some of your communication and and the the feeling that folks are not having to be barraged by using the right technology so using something like Breezeway or a task management system can help them not have to be texting photos all the time but rather putting them there and that simplifies things a bit I would say another real key aspect to to looking to bring on folks is when you're talking to them really acknowledge the fact that if you're asking them to do more than one thing you want to be compensating for more than one thing meaning that if they are doing the cleaning and the laundry and the inventory stocking those are separate things and I think that cleaners really want to be respected for the for the the talents that they bring and so acknowledging and potentially even compensating for each one of those individual items I think is an important process if that is the way that you're doing it and uh and that'll that'll help bring that relationship a little bit more on a professional level one of the a lot of professionals often feel like they're taken advantage of in some way and the entry-level folks who are laboring hard they just feel like man I I wish that people knew all that I do and I think succumbing to them and saying I understand the elements that go into this is is really going to bring a better a better a relationship which I think is the best way to have that long-term long-term success with someone that's looking to find a cleaner yeah I agree all right you guys hopefully you learned a lot about my amazing cleaning crew but not only that just cleaning in general and how you could talk to your cleaners how you can hire a good cleaner what to look for and check out his facility it's really cool so see you guys next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @dawnoudbier2930 [1 likes]: Awesome!!! I wish he would open up locations in Florida 🙌
  2. @jared_quackenbush [1 likes]: Incredible conversation! Love Jonathan’s Vision and the service the Well & Good team provide! 🎉💪
  3. @LLMcPhotoAZ: I have a cleaning company that's small but without advertising our word of mouth is bring very quick growth. I am in the Pinetop, Lakeside, and Show Low area and would love to learn how to build a business like this for our area. We need streamlined services badly up here with our huge Vacation Rental boom!

- Boost Airbnb Bookings INSTANTLY (9 Tips): Kind: captions Language: en this is the ultimate guide for Airbnb hosts who are looking to get more bookings in this video I'm going to walk you through nine steps that are guaranteed to increase your bookings if you stick around till the end of the video I'm going to show you three things that you can do within the next 15 minutes that'll be worth over $500 in bookings so let's Dive Right In with step number one split testing your listing headline your listing headline is crucial for getting guests to actually visit your listing to do this use keywords that'll get guests to click and highlight your most desirable amenities here is an example the Maple Lodge log cabin in the woods now this headline does three things wrong number one it doesn't entice guest to click there's nothing really exciting about the Maple Lodge Number Two it doesn't highlight desirable amenities and number three it lacks context in what Woods where is anything else nearby here's a better alternative 10 minutes from skiing secluded cabin with hot tub now right off the bat we're hitting guests with something that they'll love that it's 10 minutes away from skiing we're also highlighting a desirable amenity the hot tub and we're eliminating guest workor by stating exactly how far the cabin is from an attraction next for step number two you'll want to get professional photos most people mess this up big time to start off with you've got to hire professional photographer ideally one who already has experience shooting airbnbs next give them a a detailed list of every single photo that you want get them to shoot your place during daylight hours when the sun is out and make sure they take photos that showcase your listing and also all of the amazing amenities that you have if you want to take it a step further you can even stage the property with wine snacks coffee and other stuff as a bonus now here's the secret to really getting great photos hire a photo editor you can find them super cheap on websites like fiverr.com have them edit the photos to be bright and colorful next get them to add things in like fire in the fire pit or bubbles in the hot tub or Netflix on the TV screen this will make your photos really pop and ensure that guests fall in love with your listing now for step number three you're going to want to arrange your photos in the correct order and add captions there's a special trick to doing this first off though you want to caption every one of your photos so they answer any questions that a guest may have like is that a smart TV or what size bed is that then when it comes to arranging your photos here's what you want to do to get more bookings first start with 5 to 10 photos of the amenities that you know guests love the most things like the hot tub the movie room or the fire pit whatever guests really really love then starting at the front door of your property your photos should tour guest through the property you want to flow from room to room and avoid jumping around a whole bunch when you're in a room be sure to show pictures of all the different amenities and not just the room itself once you've nailed this it's now time to move on to step number four your listing description this is where almost every host drops the ball in a big big way what I see most people do is add a great big wall of text the guests are never going to read even worse some hosts try to add a bunch of house rules in here and all that does is scare guests away Instead try this write a short paragraph that helps guests to Envision themselves stand at the property next add one headline for each room of the house under each headline add bullet points one bullet for each amenity in that room now when guest read your listing description they can easily find all of the information they need although simple these first four steps are highly effective but if you want to take it even further these next four tips that I'm about to cover are more advanced and even more powerful and if you stick around until the very end of the video I'll show you hands down my favorite way to get way more bookings okay now back to step number five that's going to be adjusting your prices starting with extra fees make sure that you've got a cleaning fee that's competitive with other listings in your area if you have extra fees for things like pets or extra guests get rid of them they're pain to track and they're not worth the hassle next you're going to be ready to dial in your nightly rate to do this either use a dynamic pricing tool or a tracking spreadsheet you need to be aware of whether you're overpriced or underpriced so that you can easily make the adjustments you need to if you want step-by-step training that'll walk you through exactly how to do this check out B&B tribe you'll get easy to follow training on everything that we've covered so far plus you'll join an awesome community of fellow hosts and get over $2,000 in perks as soon as you join if you want to check it out it'll be the top Link in the description down below once you've nailed your pricing step number six is to EXP expand to more OTAs list your property on either VRBO or booking.com to start out with to diversify and get more bookings as a rule of thumb if your listing is two bedrooms or smaller go with booking.com and if your listing is three bedrooms or larger go with vbo now each platform has its own nuances so expand one at a time and take your time with this next for step number seven here's a more advanced strategy that'll pretty much guarantee you an extra 20 30% more bookings every single year it's called email marketing there is a trick to it though in just a second I'm going to tell you about a tool that I use that's an absolute must-have if you're going to do email marketing for email marketing you're going to be collecting guest email addresses and sending them emails once every single month the emails should entice guests to book your place and they should also highlight events that are happening in the area you can even automate these emails entirely so it's really set it and forget it now the tool that I use for this is a tool called stafi stafi hooks up to your existing Wi-Fi and takes guests to a splash page when they try to connect so instead of inputting a password to connect to the Wi-Fi guests will now input their email address this is the exact strategy that hotels airports and coffee shops use and it works next up for step number eight is setting up a direct booking website most Channel management softwares if you use one give you the ability to do this in just a few clicks once it's set up guest can then book with you directly without going through another platform like Airbnb vbo or booking.com that means better rates for your guests because they don't pay the fees to Airbnb and more money for you because you don't pay either make sure that to start with you only take direct bookings for your past guest though this will be easy to do now that you've got their emails just send them to your website instead of sending them to Airbnb by doing this you now don't need to worry about getting bad guests that can be a big concern when you're taking direct bookings not using a platform like Airbnb here's a pro tip if you want more peace of mind on Direct bookings use a tool like guest talk to get insurance coverage on your direct bookings that's similar to the coverage Airbnb gives you and by the way if you want special discounts on all of the tools that I've mentioned so far in the video then again check out bmbb tribe inside BMB tribe you'll have access to step-by-step training on how to set absolutely all of this stuff up plus you'll get special discounts with over 30 vendors in the Airbnb space and you'll also get a supportive community of fellow hosts who will help you to succeed and have fun on Airbnb if you want to check it out and you want to join again there'll be a link at the top of the description okay now as promised this last tip tip number 10 is my absolute favorite but there's a bit of a catch you got to use the right tools to do it this final step is to get more bookings by upselling your guests and getting them to extend their stay but the reason I love this approach so much is because of how easy this new tool I found makes it to do this doing this the old way was super time consuming really complicated and honestly just not worth it it was just way too much manual work to message every single guest with these kind of offers but what if I told you that you could offer every single guest to extend their stay in just 15 minutes and no I'm not talking 15 minutes per guest I'm talking 15 minutes one time like ever I recently came across an insane AI tool called bestie AI it takes about 15 minutes to set it up and it's hands down one of the greatest tools ever created for airbn beos and I do not say that lightly its main purpose is for AI guest communication but that's a whole other topic for another video if you want to see a detailed video about that then just like this video and let me know in the comments but a secondary feature that's super cool about bestai is it can personally message every one of your guests and offer them upsells like early check-ins and extra nights before during during or after their stay it'll actually look at your calendar see what's available check the prices and then send a unique offer to your guest you can even set it up to offer special discounts depending on the situation or the season it's crazy cool again if you want a special discount on besti aai and all the other tools that I mentioned in this video then check out B&B tribe if you want step-by-step walkthroughs to help you set all of this stuff up that's included in B&B tribe as well joining B&B tribe costs just $49 a month and you'll also get instant access to over $2,000 in discounts on awesome Airbnb Tools Plus we'll show you how to make more money on Airbnb and still have a ton of fun doing it and to boot you're also going to join our awesome community of hosts who will help you to succeed and have way more fun on Airbnb like I said before the link to check that out will be at the very top of the description thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @shivay777-v1t [19 likes]: I’ve been implementing these tips, and I can’t wait to see the results! By the way, CS Outsource has been a fantastic resource for me. Their team really knows their stuff!
  2. @james.svetec [5 likes]: 🚀Join BNB Tribe to boost your Airbnb bookings! https://bnbmastery.com/bnb-tribe/
  3. @kindofrandom834 [4 likes]: You might run into some problems with GDRP if you take guests emails and then use their data to email them once a month which is essentially spamming.
  4. @prasannagunarathna3475 [1 likes]: Is there any possibility for co-hosts to track any particular booking that came from his marketing efforts ?
  5. @HealingBloomNaturals [1 likes]: Hi, James: do you know anybody in Orlando is willing to do co-host for short term rental ? We would like to boost bookings for our Windsor at Westside vacation home.
  6. @patriciaholmes1033 [1 likes]: What are the best PMS out there for new hosting?
  7. @jelenapetkovic1971 [1 likes]: These ideas are very helpful for an Ecommerce Growth & SEO Strategist who just started with renting business. Thank you for sharing these tips & tricks.
  8. @narendrasanagala3709 [1 likes]: i need to try these asap
  9. @jessicab1119: So where should one put the rules if its not the the Guest access sections?
  10. @heriberteisinger5892: He suggested to sneakily collected your guests email address and then spam them
  11. @PatrickJordan-w8z: Besty AI, set up extra days stay etc.
  12. @AliouiAlioui-e4d9q: great ideas i never thought of before 😄
  13. @sujonmia4232: finally some tips that make sense
  14. @mohamadtaha7157: this was super helpful for my listings
  15. @Shubham-g3g5v: i need to try these asap
  16. @RAVOSOAMIANTSAAngelica: this was super helpful for my listings
  17. @puvvalasyamu932: great ideas i never thought of before 😄
  18. @RajKilar-f8v: I’ve been implementing these tips, and I can’t wait to see the results! By the way, CS Outsource has been a fantastic resource for me. Their team really knows their stuff!
  19. @Raviff10M-y5z: finally some tips that make sense
  20. @BadalPawar-v2b: i tried some of these already, they work

- Mastering Linen Management: Essential Tips for Short-Term Rental Hosts: Kind: captions Language: en oh Linens bedding what sizes what should I buy what matters how do I store it I feel you there are so many things to think about when it comes to the thing that you're really selling right is a good night's sleep in between some sheets then they've got to take a shower this stuff matters so we're going to share with you our favorite tips and tricks About Storage about linen selection and how to make it really simple this will definitely be the number one thing that you talk about think about all day every day is laundry and linens we've learned so much let us help you with some of these tips number one if you have let's say you might have a full bed a queen bed a king bed there are some hacks here that you can do by ordering some of the same things what can they do here Sarah well first of all you can help yourself by hopefully not having that many bed fries in your property right if you think that if you think guests are gonna be like oh I want the kids to stay in this room and the parent like no just get all the same size the more you get the same as the better that being said if you have to have some Twins and some queens and kings just skip the fool like why what is it actually it's a fuller Queen no it's not and it's annoying all right anyway with the queen bed and the king bed what we do especially with like the overall blanket whether you do it like a duvet or a blanket is just get the king size just have one size and then you could use you could do the um the method where they use a flat sheet to encase the mattress and then still do a king sheet to cover the queen bed you could do that just to simplify all the sheets in the property obviously twin you'll need twin but at the very least get the large size blanket and then you could do Quinn fitted and flat because that bothers me I'm a I want my Queens to look tight so I have the queen fitted sheet and the queen flat sheet and then the next thing and we've all tried it you might do this yourself we get like those lower cost sheets you need to make sure you're investing in quality here because you're gonna see it's the drying time it's the wrinkles this is something that really sets you apart when removing stains yeah yeah we've done I've done and done it I bought the Ikea sheets I bought the Amazon sheets we now buy standard textile but that was over time a lot of lessons learned a lot of sheets thrown away you know we just go through them very often but number three let's say you don't have the convenience of having one bed size for the property I like to take a fabric marker and put it on a large thread or whatever you call it on the wall and mark the tags where you get the sheets in if they aren't already marked if you're not getting Hospitality made Linens right have like the color-coded thread or on the tag if you get your bedding from Amazon it likely won't tell you on the tag what size it is you're going to be in this nightmare is it a king is it a queen so just when you get it take out the packaging use a fabric marker put in the tag before you throw in the wash to wash it before your guests use it for the first time I thought of some more tips for you because this is I know this is a stressor for people and I've learned so much okay more tips for storing your Linens you could create like packages for yourself or you take as many pillowcases as you need fitted Flats duvets blankets whatever you got all the sizes that you need and Encompass it within like the flat sheet so when you pull it out of your linen closet it's all ready to go labeling is great on your shelves I know we listen most these houses that we're in weren't built to be Hospitality spaces so you got to do what you gotta do having a label maker with um with tape with a big print is super helpful if you have the space for if you're a co-host for a larger building something we've also done is buying large garbage cans on Wheels and labeling them king queen twin so when you are taking stripping beds and you have laundry that you're either going to send out to a laundry service or your team is doing in-house over time you can keep it all organized so just take some of these tips make them your own stay organized ahead of time whether it's labeling your tags keeping them organized when they're dirty making sure they're in a safe dry space Oh my last tip especially if you've got a house and you're using a closet resist putting them in plastic containers with lids because if they're not fully dry they're going to grow mold so either drill holes in your containers leave the lids out just put them on shelves but just tip for you been there done that let's do hosting hot tip Costco hosting hot tip just let me live the Hot Tips Kirk tip number four and a fourth tip [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @tracywaltz9468 [3 likes]: You two are so fun! And such great advice...this stuff matters! 😊
  2. @jenniferbarker156 [2 likes]: How do you keep your sheets wrinkle-free,  especially the pillow cases? Do you iron them?
  3. @MGpdx [1 likes]: Which ST sheets do you buy?
  4. @Mddddslm [1 likes]: What specific sheets do you use?
  5. @thestarter [1 likes]: Number two wasn’t clear. Lower cost sheets or no?
  6. @PaulineChoi: what towels, hand towel and face washcloths and foot mat you use? thank you for sharing
  7. @junaidkharal: what thread count/grammage do u guys recommend?
  8. @chiomanwosu2771: Which is better; hire linens etc or buy your own linens? Confused.

- Luxury Vacation Rental Market Size 2025–2034 | Growth, Trends & Forecast: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Global Market Insights, your market research partner. Luxury vacation rental market. The global luxury vacation rental market exceeded 26.5 billion in 2024 and is projected to grow at 9.3% CGR from 2025 to 2034. The market is expected to cross 63.7 billion valuation by 2034, says this GMI report. Some of the major industry growth drivers include growing demand for privacy, space and personalization, increased popularity of experiential and immersive travel, digital booking transformation and platform expansion, remote work and extended stays along with growing influence of special occasion and multigenerational travel. Based on property, the luxury villas and estate segment held 49% market share in 2024. Considering booking channel, the online travel agencies OTAAS segment held 45% market share in 2024. Regionally, US dominates the luxury vacation rental market with around $9.6 billion revenue in 2024. Key players in the luxury vacation rental market include the following. Thank you for watching. Access the report by clicking on the link provided in the description. Don't miss out on valuable insights.

- Los Angeles Rental Market 2026: What's Happening to Renters?: Kind: captions Language: en If you're renting in Los Angeles right now, you've probably felt it. That sinking feeling when you open your lease renewal letter. That knot in your stomach when you're scrolling through rental listings and everything seems impossibly expensive. You're not alone. And what's happening in the LA rental market in 2026 isn't just affecting a few neighborhoods. It's reshaping the entire landscape of how Angelinos live, work, and survive in this city. And here's the thing that nobody's really talking about. This isn't just another cycle. This is something fundamentally different. If you've been enjoying the insights here and want to stay updated on everything happening in the LA housing market, make sure to hit that like button and subscribe so you don't miss out on the critical information that could save you thousands of dollars this year. Today, we're diving deep into what's actually happening to renters across Los Angeles. From downtown to the valley, from Venice to Pasadena, we're going to break down the numbers that matter. explore the forces driving these changes and give you the real story behind the statistics. Let's start with where we are right now. As of early 2026, the Los Angeles rental market is in a state of tension that would make even the most optimistic housing analysts nervous. The median rent for a one-bedroom apartment in Los Angeles proper has crossed the $2500 threshold. Think about that for a moment. That's not for a luxury high-rise in Century City or a beachfront property in Santa Monica. That's the median, which means half of all one-bedroom apartments are renting for more than that amount. Two-bedroom apartments are now averaging between $3,200 and $3,600 per month, depending on which neighborhood you're looking at. We're talking about rental prices that just 5 years ago would have gotten you a pretty nice mortgage payment on a starter home in many parts of the country. The San Fernando Valley, once considered the affordable alternative to Westside Living, has seen some of the most dramatic increases. North Hollywood, which artists and young professionals flock to as an affordable creative hub, has experienced rent increases of 18 to 22% over the past 18 months alone. A modest two-bedroom apartment in Sherman Oaks that was renting for $2,800 in late 2024 is now commanding $3,400 to $3,600. The West Side tells a similar story with even higher stakes. Santa Monica, Venice, and Culver City have become nearly impossible for anyone not working in tech, entertainment at the executive level, or finance. We're seeing one-bedroom apartments in Venice blocks from the beach listed at $ 3,800 to $4,200. What's fascinating and frankly alarming is the disconnect between these rising rents and actual demand signals. Vacancy rates across Los Angeles County have been creeping upward, currently sitting at around 5.2 to 5.7%. That's actually higher than the 3 to 4% we saw during the peak pandemic years. So, here's the question. If vacancy rates are increasing, meaning more units are sitting empty, why aren't rents coming down? It's basic economics, right? More supply, less demand, prices should decrease. But that's not what's happening. And that discrepancy is one of the most important stories in the LA rental market right now. To understand why rents keep climbing despite increasing vacancies, we need to look at the forces reshaping the LA rental landscape. First, there's the institutional investment phenomenon. Over the past decade, but accelerating dramatically since 2020, large investment firms and real estate investment trusts have been buying up apartment buildings across Los Angeles at an unprecedented rate. These institutional landlords operate on a completely different model than the mom and pop landlords who used to dominate the LA rental market. Traditional landlords typically want to keep their apartments rented because an empty unit costs them money every month, but institutional investors are playing a longer, more complex game. They're backed by investment capital that demands specific returns. They've got analysts running algorithms that tell them it's better to keep a unit empty at a higher listing price for 3 or 4 months than to rent it out at a lower rate that might set a precedent for the building. This is what market analysts call artificial scarcity. The units exist. They're sitting there empty with the lights off, but they're not available at prices that reflect actual supply and demand dynamics. They're priced based on investment models that have nothing to do with whether a teacher or a nurse or a restaurant manager can afford them. Then there's the construction and zoning reality. Despite all the talk about building more housing in Los Angeles, the actual production of new rental units hasn't kept pace with either population growth or the loss of older affordable units. Buildings that used to house workingass families are being demolished or renovated into luxury units. Rent control departments, when they turn over, are often renovated and brought to market at rates that are double or triple the previous rent. Drive around and you'll see cranes dotting the skyline. But here's what most people don't realize. The majority of new construction is targeted at the luxury market. Developers aren't building affordable housing because without significant subsidies, the math doesn't work. The cost of land in Los Angeles combined with construction costs, labor, permits, and approval timelines means developers need to charge premium rents just to make their projects viable. There's also the remote work recalibration. When the pandemic first hit, there was talk about people leaving expensive cities like LA. Some did leave, but what we're seeing now in 2026 is more complex. Many have come back or new people have arrived because even with remote work, there's tremendous value in being in Los Angeles for networking, culture, career advancement, and lifestyle. Remote work has changed how people think about housing. Some people who used to live in tiny apartments because they needed to be close to work now want more space since they're working from home part of the week. This is increased demand for larger units and neighborhoods with better quality of life, putting pressure on exactly the types of units that used to be more affordable. Now, let's talk about what all of this means for actual people living in Los Angeles. Financial adviserss have long recommended spending no more than 30% of your gross income on housing. In Los Angeles in 2026, that guideline has become almost laughable. To afford a median one-bedroom apartment at $2500 a month without exceeding that 30% threshold, you'd need to earn $100,000 a year. The median household income in Los Angeles County is around $75,000. Do you see the problem? For a huge swath of LA residents, affordable housing, according to traditional standards, simply doesn't exist. People are spending 40, 50, even 60% of their income on rent. And when housing takes up that much of your budget, everything else suffers. Savings disappear. Retirement contributions stop. Emergency funds never materialize. The squeeze is particularly acute for middle inome workers. The people we depend on to make the city function. Teachers, nurses, firefighters, restaurant workers, retail employees. These folks are being priced out of the communities they serve. I spoke with a teacher recently who's been working in LA USD for eight years. She's been living in a rent control department in Korea Town, paying $1,800 for a one-bedroom. She just received notice that her building was sold. The new owners are planning renovations, which means her rent control protections will likely disappear. Comparable apartments in the area are now listed at $2,800 to $3,200. That's an increase of $1,000 to $1,500 a month. Even with a roommate, she might have to leave Los Angeles entirely or face a 90-minute commute each way. Multiply that story by tens of thousands and you start to see the cascading effects. Longer commutes mean more traffic, more pollution, more time away from family. It means teachers who are exhausted before they even get to the classroom. It means the fabric of community starts to fray because people can't afford to live in the neighborhoods where they've built their lives. And then there's the invisible population. People who are already on the edge and have now fallen off. An increasing percentage of people experiencing homelessness in Los Angeles County are not struggling with addiction or severe mental illness. They're working people who simply couldn't keep up with rising rents. their families who missed one month of rent and found themselves in an eviction spiral they couldn't escape. Their seniors on fixed incomes who got priced out of apartments they'd lived in for decades. So, what's being done about all this? Los Angeles has tried several policy approaches with mixed results. Rent control has been a flash point in LA housing politics for decades. The city has had some form of rent control since the 1970s, covering buildings built before October 1978. The rent stabilization ordinance limits annual rent increases currently tied to the consumer price index with a cap. For tenants in rent controlled units, this protection has been invaluable. But rent control has significant limitations. It only applies to older buildings. When a rent controlled unit turns over, landlords can raise the rent to market rate, creating huge incentives to push out long-term tenants. And economists point out that rent control can reduce overall housing supply by making it less profitable for developers to build. The city has also implemented stronger tenant protections. Just cause eviction protections mean landlords can't simply kick out tenants without a legitimate reason. Relocation assistance requirements mean landlords who want to demolish buildings or do major renovations must pay relocation fees. On the production side, Los Angeles has tried to incentivize more housing construction. The transit oriented communities program offers density bonuses to developers who include affordable units. The idea is simple. Let developers build bigger buildings if they set aside units at below market rates. In practice, the results have been underwhelming. The affordable units created often aren't affordable enough for truly lowincome residents. The state of California has also gotten involved. Recent legislation has made it easier to build accessory dwelling units. There's been a push to streamline housing approvals and override local zoning restrictions in certain circumstances. These are meaningful reforms, but they're working against decades of underproduction. What becomes clear is that there's no silver bullet. Rent control helps current tenants, but doesn't solve the underlying supply problem. Building more housing takes years and faces political opposition. We need all of these approaches and more. But we also need to be realistic about how long policy changes take to translate into relief for renters struggling right now. So, what should renters in Los Angeles expect over the next year to 18 months? Let me give you my honest assessment based on current trends and available data. First, don't expect dramatic relief in rental prices anytime soon. The forces pushing rents upward. Institutional investment, construction costs, limited supply are not going anywhere. We might see some moderation in rent growth, particularly if vacancy rates continue to increase, but significant decreases in absolute rent levels are unlikely. What we're more likely to see is continued bifurcation in the market. The luxury end will remain strong because high earners will always pay premium prices for premium locations. The truly affordable end, subsidized housing, will remain in desperately short supply with long waiting lists. It's the middle market where the strain will be most acute. Geographic patterns will continue to evolve as westside neighborhoods become increasingly unaffordable. We'll see continued pressure on traditionally more affordable areas. Neighborhoods in South LA and the eastern San Fernando Valley will see more interest and consequently rising rents. This pattern of gentrification and displacement will continue across the city. We're also likely to see more creative housing arrangements, more roommates among people who would prefer to live alone, more adults living with parents longer, more people doubling or tripling up in units designed for smaller households. These adjustments help individuals cope, but they also mask the severity of the crisis. One factor that could change things is the broader economy. If we see a significant economic downturn or tech industry layoffs, that could reduce demand and force rent reductions. But that's not exactly a solution anyone should hope for because the economic pain would be widespread. Here's what I want you to take away from all of this. The Los Angeles rental market in 2026 is not just expensive. It's structurally broken in ways that threaten the social and economic fabric of the city. When teachers and nurses and firefighters can't afford to live in the communities they serve. When working families are one rent increase away from homelessness, we have a crisis that goes beyond housing. But this isn't inevitable. Housing policy is just that, policy. It's a set of choices we make collectively. Other cities have faced similar crises and implemented solutions. Los Angeles can solve this, but it requires political will and public pressure. We need massive investment in affordable housing production. We need zoning reform that allows more housing in more places. We need to limit the financialization of housing. We need tenant protections that actually keep people housed. And we need all of this at a scale that matches the urgency of the crisis. For renters navigating this market right now, my advice is this. Know your rights. If you're in a rent controlled unit, understand your protections. Document everything in your relationship with your landlord. Join a tenant union if there's one in your building or neighborhood. There's power in collective action. Be strategic about your housing search. Look at neighborhoods you might not have considered before. Consider roommates or alternative arrangements if they work for your situation. Build an emergency fund if you possibly can because housing instability can happen fast. And most importantly, stay informed and engaged. Vote in local elections where housing policy is decided. Contact your city council member and state representatives. Show up to community meetings. The decisions being made right now about zoning, development, and tenant protections will shape Los Angeles for decades to come. The rental market in LA feels overwhelming because it is overwhelming. But remember, you're not alone in this struggle. Millions of Angelinos are facing the same challenges. That shared experience is the foundation for change if we choose to build on it. This is a defining moment for Los Angeles. The city we become depends on the choices we make about housing in the next few years. Thanks for watching. Drop a comment below and let me know your experience in the LA rental market. Are you struggling with rising rents? Have you had to move? What changes do you think would actually help? Let's keep this conversation going because that's how we turn awareness into action.

  Top Comments:
  1. @buildingbuildercip8292 [1 likes]: As a landlord of 8 different rental properties in SoCal, I will be selling off my units, because of the laws that are only there to protect the tenants and not the landlords. There will soon be eight less units on the market.

- Rent PRICES PLUMMET in These 10 US Cities: Kind: captions Language: en For nearly four years, something extraordinary happened across America's rental market. Rent prices didn't just climb. They exploded at a velocity that caught an entire generation offguard. From Miami to Seattle, property owners operated like they controlled the economy itself. Overnight, rents jumped by hundreds of dollars, and landlords expected desperate tenants to somehow make it work. But 2026 has completely reversed that dynamic. The iron grip landlords held over the market is slipping away fast. Cities once defined by bidding wars are now flooded with vacant units. For the first time in over a decade, rents aren't just declining, they're plummeting. If you're finding this valuable, hit that subscribe button and drop a like. It helps us bring you more content like this. Developers overestimated demand. Investors stretched their finances dangerously thin. And renters hit their breaking point. In major metros, prices are crashing by double digits. Move-in specials, wave deposits, free months. They're flooding back. Landlords who once called the shots are scrambling. The power structure is shifting. Today, we're breaking down the 10 cities where this collapse is hitting hardest and where the future of renting is being rewritten in real time. Number 10, Austin, Texas. When the tech dream shatters, Austin's meteoric rise reads like a Silicon Valley fantasy, but its descent is equally dramatic. Between 2021 and 2024, this Texas capital became the embodiment of America's tech migration. Remote workers flooded in. Venture capital followed. Billiondoll startups abandoned coastal offices. Austin proclaimed itself the next Silicon Valley, and briefly it seemed possible. Construction cranes dominated the skyline. Gleaming towers materialized overnight. Landlords pushed rents upward at speeds that left longtime residents reeling. But 2026 delivered a harsh awakening. Average rent has crashed approximately 15%. One of the sharpest drops in the sunb belt. Those pristine towers now stand partially vacant. Rooftop pools echoing with silence. Developers who boasted about waiting lists now dangled desperate incentives. Three months free rent, zero deposits, even concert tickets. The tech sector that fueled everything cracked open. Massive layoffs from companies like Meta, Oracle, and Tesla eliminated the highincome renters who sustained the ecosystem. In upscale developments like the Independent, vacancy rates have hit decade highs. Even East Austin, the creative heartbeat of the city, has landlords slashing prices just to compete. Investors who borrowed aggressively during the boom are watching profit margins evaporate beneath crushing interest payments and vanishing tenant pools. For renters, though, this represents a long overdue correction. The city that became unaffordable overnight is finally cracking. Shifting leverage back to those who actually live and work here. Austin's message in 2026 is unmistakable. The city that climbed fastest is falling just as hard. Number nine, Miami, Florida. When Paradise prices itself out, Miami's rental explosion was absolutely blinding. Fueled by pandemic relocations, cryptocurrency millionaires, and international buyers chasing prestige beneath the Florida sun, the city transformed into a playground for the ultra wealthy. From 2021 through 2023, rents rocketed upward by over 60%. Locals were priced out and sleek towers became monuments to excess. But 2026 has stripped away the glamorous veneer. Average rents have dropped roughly 12% in a single year and vacancies are climbing across Bickl, downtown Miami and Miami Beach. Those luxury buildings with ocean views are throwing out every incentive imaginable. Free parking, waved fees, even thousand gift cards. The problem extends beyond soft demand. It's mounting costs, crushing owners. Insurance premiums have tripled. HOA fees are jumping as buildings comply with Florida's post Surfside safety regulations. Countless investors are bleeding money monthly. Units that sold for $900,000 now struggle to reach $700,000 or sit without offers. Airbnb operators are shutting down as tourism cools and costs devour profits. Even foreign buyers are pulling back, spooked by hurricane threats and special assessments. From a distance, Miami still looks like paradise. But underneath, the numbers don't add up. Miami in 2026 serves as a warning. When luxury outpaces reality, even paradise cracks. Number eight, Atlanta, Georgia. The exception that wasn't Atlanta was marketed as the exception. the southern city that balanced it all. With thriving jobs and affordable homes, it looked like the smartest regional bet. Developers responded confidently, pumping billions into sprawling complexes from Midtown to Sandy Springs. Between 2122 and 22, over 50,000 new units came online, far exceeding what the city could absorb. Now, in 2026, that optimism has evaporated. Rents have slipped about 10% and vacancies are rising everywhere. Highrises that filled within days sit half empty. Landlords dangle every perk. Free months, parking, no deposits. But over supply isn't the whole story. Affordability hit a wall. Wages stalled. Inflation eroded financial cushions. Student loan payments squeeze younger renters. More people are roommate shopping, moving home, or leaving entirely. Even suburbs like Cobb County and Gwynette are caught in the downturn. Single family rentals linger on the market. Short-term rental owners slash prices desperately. For years, Atlanta was praised as the sustainable growth blueprint. Now, it showcases what happens when growth loses balance. In 2026, even the Sunb Belt's most stable market is caught in the storm. Number seven, Las Vegas, Nevada. When the house doesn't win, Las Vegas operates on extremes. And in 2026, landlords are taking the hit. For years, the city seemed unstoppable. Californians fled in droves, chasing cheaper housing. Investors grabbed properties fast. Short-term rentals multiplied and the boom felt endless. But this year, momentum vanished. Since 2124, rents have fallen close to 11% and vacancy rates nearly doubled. Large complexes in Henderson and Summerland have entire empty sections. The strip still glows, but beneath that shine, the rental market is severely oversaturated. Tourism, Vegas's lifeblood, hasn't fully recovered. Casinos hire fewer workers. Conventions draw smaller crowds. Service employees earn less in tips. Simultaneously, thousands of Airbnbs are dumped into long-term rentals as owners salvage whatever income they can. Homes that commanded $2,400 a monthly now struggle at finding $1,900 with little interest. Landlords who bought at pandemic peaks are cutting rents just to cover costs. Small investors are quietly exiting, selling at losses to avoid deeper damage. Yet more units keep arriving. Developers completing projects approved during the boom, flooding the drowning market further. Vegas in 2026 carries unsettling deja vu. Echoes of 2008 in modern clothing. The city confronts the consequences of oversized bets on unrealistic expectations. The lights remain bright, but behind the spectacle lies a reminder. When speculation runs wild without solid fundamentals, the house wins. And this time it's not the landlords. Number six, Phoenix, Arizona. Desert Mirage turns to dust. Phoenix, the sunb belt's blazing epicenter is cooling faster than anyone predicted. Not long ago, it was the poster child for explosive growth. Families from everywhere streamed into the valley, sending construction into overdrive and pushing rents skyward. Developers couldn't build fast enough. Entire communities in Chandler, Glendale, and Mesa appeared overnight, built on promises of endless expansion. But by 2026, that optimism evaporated. The city drowns in excess supply. In one year, over 30,000 new apartments hit the market, far exceeding available renters. Average rent has tumbled roughly 13%. Property owners frantically compete with every incentive. Free months, furnished units, prepaid utilities. Buildings with waiting lists now beg for tenants. The skyline looks vibrant with cranes and towers, but beneath that image, financials are cracking. Insurance and maintenance costs have surged. Investors who paid top dollar during the pandemic are underwater. Phoenix's job market is tightening, too. High interest rates, slower migration, and stalled corporate growth mean fewer newcomers and paychecks. From downtown to the east valley, owners face harsh reality. Runaway growth without sustainable demand collapses under its own weight. Phoenix in 2026 isn't cooling, it's correcting. A metro built expecting 10 million people confronts the fact that demand barely supports 8 million. Unchecked expansion hit its limit and consequences are coming due. Number five, Dallas, Texas. The invincible city falls. Dallas carried an aura of invincibility. Major companies kept relocating, drawing young professionals who filled up town, highrises, and fueled suburban sprawl. Investors discussed Dallas as Texas's economic heartbeat, too powerful to slow down. But by 2026, that belief shattered. Rents in Uptown, Plano, and Frisco have declined about 11%. And vacancies in class A buildings hit levels unseen in over a decade. The skyline glows beautifully, but behind those towers, landlords grow desperate. The explanation is simple. Developers built far more than the market could absorb. From 222 through 2125, tens of thousands of apartments came online as renters pulled back. Inflation devoured spending power. Interest rates stayed high. Tenants downsize, split costs, or move home. Landlords deploy incentives they hoped were gone. Free utilities, parking, rent credits. Investors watching steady cash flow see margins vanish as insurance clims and taxes consume earnings. Dallas symbolized unstoppable prosperity. Now it's trapped in a dangerous loop. Too many luxury units. Too few affordable options. Even Dallas's corporate sector can't rescue the market. Tech and finance employers freeze hiring. Fewer apartment hunters arrive. Longtime residents get priced out of communities they built. Dallas still looks stunning from afar, but at street level, the narrative shifts fast. The city with unlimited fuel is learning even Texas engines can stall. Number four, Boise, Idaho. The mountain bubble. Bursts. Boise was the pandemic era's unexpected darling. A quiet mountain city that became America's housing sensation. While major metros struggled, Boise became a beacon for people seeking space, beauty, and slower living. Remote workers fled the West Coast with cash, triggering bidding wars, and launching prices into the stratosphere. Developers scrambled to keep pace, convinced demand would never fade. But by 2026, that glow has worn off completely. Average rents have fallen approximately 14%. the steepest drop in the mountain west. Downtown apartments that leased within days now sit empty for months. Boom era developers who rushed sleek complexes are facing brutal reality. They built for tech incomes. But Boise's core workforce, teachers, nurses, service staff never had Silicon Valley paychecks. They watched rents break $2,000 during the frenzy, then watched the transplants who drove it pack up and leave. With remote work fading and migration slowing, Boise's supercharged market teeters on weak foundations. Even coveted suburbs like Meridian and Eagle are hit hard. Construction sites sit silent. Investors unload properties at losses to avoid deeper damage. Local businesses that thrived on newcomers are struggling. Coffee shops and restaurants that buzzed with fresh faces are cutting hours or closing. Landlords drop rents by $400, $500 monthly, throw in free months and upgrades. Yet many units stay empty. Boise's story is poetic and painful. The refugee from big city chaos became the prime example of what happens when migration stops and hype evaporates. The escape ended. Reality rushed back. Number three, Seattle, Washington. When tech foundation cracks for the first time in over a decade, Seattle's iconic skyline feels uncertain. After 10 years of relentless expansion, soaring rents, and crowding cranes, 2126 delivered a sobering correction. Average rents have fallen roughly 11% and gleaming towers symbolizing limitless opportunity now show vacant floors and struggling owners. Much of this stems from techs unraveling. Layoffs at Amazon and Microsoft, plus startup failures, gutted the renter base that sustained the boom. Downtown buildings with waiting lists now offer cash incentives and free months to attract tenants. In Capitol Hill, South Lake Union, and Belttown, where discounts were unheard of, luxury apartments openly advertise price cuts. The ripple extends to suburbs. Belleview, Redmond, and Kirkland show identical patterns. Renewal rates drop. Residents move out. Developers watching inventory accumulate have paused or abandoned major projects, leaving skeletal structures as monuments to the belief that demand would always outpace supply. But the deepest transformation is mindset. The pandemic permanently altered how people think about work and lifestyle. Many who prioritized Seattle's prestige now choose smaller cities or different states where income stretches further. The migration isn't massive but steady. Each departure takes another slice of stability. For landlords, this shift humbles. Renters negotiate again, demanding flexible terms, lower payments, and concessions that were laughable years ago. Those shimmering towers reflect a harder truth. The market isn't invincible. Seattle in 2026 still looks breathtaking in the mist. But underneath lies fragility, a reminder that even techpowered economies have limits. The tremors shaking this city come from an industry learning that perpetual expansion is impossible. Number two, San Francisco, California. The innovation capital collapses. If any city embodies collapse right now, it's San Francisco. Once the undisputed epicenter of American innovation, the rental market has deteriorated into something unrecognizable. Average rents have plunged about 16% in one year, and downtown vacancy rates have shattered every record. High-end towers that commanded $4,000 monthly now struggled to fill units at $3,000 with incentives stacked on top. The tech worker exodus that began during lockdowns never reversed. Remote work solidified as standard. Downtown, once humming with startups and venture capital, transformed into a corridor of quiet glass. Entire blocks resemble ghost towns with permanent for lease signs. Landlords who bragged about passive income now beg for occupants. Operating costs, taxes, insurance, maintenance surged to where profits evaporated. Investors who bought at peak prices are trapped, unable to refinance without massive losses. Beyond numbers lies something more destructive. perception. Concerns about safety, homelessness, and quality of life push renters away faster than discounts can pull them back. Professionals who might have chosen San Francisco opt for Sacramento, Austin, or Denver. Places offering more space, less stress, and stability. The cultural fabric bears weight, too. Restaurants, shops, and galleries that gave San Francisco its character are closing permanently. Each closure strips away what made the city irreplaceable. Even the tech identity is fading. Major corporations quietly abandon headquarters for cheaper, cleaner hubs elsewhere. The irony is painful. The city that set the national benchmark for skyigh housing costs now demonstrates how dramatically low markets can sink when everything sustaining them pulls away. San Francisco's downturn isn't temporary. It's a fundamental transformation etched into empty storefronts. A warning about what happens when innovation races ahead without grounding itself in sustainability. Number one, New York City. The unthinkable has happened. At the top sits the giant nobody expected to stumble, New York City. For generations, its rental market felt untouchable. No matter what crisis hit, recessions, pandemics, crashes, demand always snapped back. But in 2026, that assumption is finally losing power. Average Manhattan rents have dropped about 13%. With Brooklyn and Queens seeing declines approaching 16%. For the first time in memory, renters, not landlords, hold genuine leverage. Incentives that disappeared years ago returned dramatically. free months, waved deposits, upgraded appliances. Developers who poured concrete between 2022 and 2024 believed wealth would flood in indefinitely. [clears throat] Instead, their towers overlook half empty streets. Layoffs across finance, tech, and media gutted the high earning renter base. International buyers who acted as Manhattan's economic engine are retreating. Spooked by instability, tax hikes, and rising costs. Even the ultra wealthy are pulling back. High-end properties along Billionaires Row are discounted by staggering amounts, unthinkable 24 months ago. Mid-tier building owners face refinancing terms so harsh they're choking cash flow. Smaller landlords whisper the word New Yorkers avoided for years. Foreclosure. Meanwhile, young professionals once willing to sacrifice everything for a cramped studio are looking elsewhere. Charlotte, Nashville, and Philadelphia suddenly appeal more, offering substantially more space and less financial pressure. New York hasn't lost its energy or character. The speed, diversity, and chaos remain. But fewer can afford staying. New York's downturn isn't explosive. It's gradual and The city experiences a slow tightening, recognizing that even here, growth has boundaries. For the first time in living memory, New Yorkers say the quiet part allowed. The Empire of Rent hit its ceiling. The skyline still shimmers magnificently every night. But beneath that glow exists a city pausing perhaps for the first time to simply breathe the bigger picture. America's housing revolution. Across the country, something significant unfolds. A quiet revolution reshaping America's housing landscape. renters possess the upper hand. The era of bidding wars, panic applications, and relentless rent increases gives way to empty apartments, sliding prices, and scrambling owners. But this extends beyond numbers. It represents a fundamental mindset shift. Millions question whether renting or buying makes sense when living costs climb while wages stagnate. Developers chased luxury. Renters wanted affordable homes. Investors hunted returns. Families needed stability. The imbalance caught up with everyone. Some cities will bounce back. Others may shrink permanently. But the lesson is universal. No housing market can outrun economic reality forever. The numbers tell a story. The question is whether we're ready to listen. What we're witnessing isn't the end. It's the beginning of a transformation in how America houses itself. The cities are changing. Power is shifting. And for the first time in years, that might actually be

- Austin, Texas, becoming the most affordable rental market in US | NewsNation Now: Kind: captions Language: en PAYCHECK AGAIN AUSTIN. IT'S ONLY 16%. SO HERE NOW TO LOOK AT WHAT'S DRIVING. THIS IS THE OWNER OF COOPER REAL ESTATE BASE THERE IN AUSTIN, TEXAS. ERIC PETERSON, ERIC, GREAT TO SEE YOU. YOU ARE EXPERT IN THIS AREA. WE KNOW RENTS WENT UP DURING COVID DIDN'T KIND OF LEVELED OUT WITH NEW RENTAL HOUSING BEING BUILT. WHAT IS BEHIND AUSTIN, TEXAS COMING UP. NUMBER 1, AS AS THE MOST AFFORDABLE MARKET FOR RENTERS. >> WE DO GET A GOOD QUESTION. THANKS FOR HAVING ME. IT'S REALLY IT'S SUPPLY AND DEMAND. WHAT HAPPENED IN AUSTIN AREAS THAT EARLY ON THE PANDEMIC. THERE IS SO MANY PEOPLE THAT WERE MOVING HERE AND OF COURSE, WORK FROM HOME AND PEOPLE WANTED TO COME HERE. IT'S REALLY COOL PLACE TO LIVE. AND SO ALL KINDS OF APARTMENT STARTED TO BE BUILT AT THAT TIME. OF COURSE IT TAKES YEARS FOR AN APARTMENT COMPLEX FROM PLANNING UNTIL SOMEBODY COULD MOVE IN AND SO ALL OF THESE DEPARTMENTS HAVE BEEN AUSTIN IS LEADING THE COUNTRY IN TERMS OF NUMBER OF APARTMENTS BEING BUILT. SLOWLY IS PEOPLE CAN'T WORK FROM HOME AS MUCH. JUST SOME OF THE TRENDS OF CHANGE. THERE'S NOT QUITE AS MANY PEOPLE ARE MOVING HERE. SO WE HAVE A SURPLUS OF APARTMENTS RIGHT NOW. IN IS A GREAT TIME TOO, FOR SOMEBODY TO RENT AN APARTMENT. I HAVE TO ADMIT I'M I'M A REAL ESTATE BROKER THAT SELLS A LOT OF HOUSES. SO MAKE IT. I'M NOT NECESSARILY THRILLED WITH THAT. BUT IT IS GREAT FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE TO BE ABLE TO MOVE IN AND GET TO RENT DISCOUNTS AND LOWER RENT THAN THEY WOULD HAVE HAD. >> ALL RIGHT. SO APPROXIMATELY 66 COMPANIES AND MOVED THEIR HEADQUARTERS TO AUSTIN IN THE LAST FEW YEARS. MANY OF THOSE ARE BIG TECH COMPANIES. WHAT YOU ARE VERY MUCH AWARE OF IS THERE A FEAR, THOUGH, OF THAT TECH BOOM. THERE IN AUSTIN POSSIBLY LOSING MOMENTUM IN KIND OF ERASING SOME OF THESE GAINS. >> WELL, YOU KNOW, TALKING TO SOME OF MY FRIENDS THAT WORK MAUREEN IN THE TECH BUSINESSES. A LOT OF THEM ARE A LITTLE BIT CONCERNED WITH WITH AI AND WHAT'S GOING TO COME FROM THAT. >> I DON'T NECESSARILY GET A SENSE OF A PANIC FROM ANYBODY AT THIS POINT. CERTAINLY I'M NOT GETTING A LOT OF PEOPLE CALLING ME IN PANIC WANTING TO SELL THEIR HOUSE AND MOVE OUT OF THE AREA. BUT THAT IS SOMETHING THAT IS AFFECTING SOME OF THE TRENDS AND THAT SOME OF THE PEOPLE THAT WE'RE ABLE TO MOVE TO AUSTIN EARLY ON IN THE PANDEMIC, PARTICULARLY A LOT OF PEOPLE. THEY'RE VERY HIGH EARNERS ARE NOW BEING CALLED BACK TO THE COAST TO WORK OUT OF THE OFFICE AND SO THAT IS GOING TO HAVE SOME EFFECT BOOST ON THE RENTAL MARKET IN ON THE SALE MARKET AS FAR AS SINGLE-FAMILY HOMES AS WELL, YOU KNOW. AND SO WE NORMALLY ERIC ARE TALKING ABOUT, YOU KNOW, INCREASING PRICES VARIOUS INDUSTRIES. BUT, YOU KNOW, THEY'RE IN AUSTIN SEPTEMBER MARKED THE 20. >> 6TH CONSECUTIVE MONTH OF ANNUALLY DECLINING RENTS. SO QUESTION FOR YOU. ARE YOU SEEING FIRST TIME HOME BUY BUYERS MAY BE DELAYING THAT HOME PURCHASE. YOU KNOW, AS THEY KEEP AN EYE ON MORTGAGE RATES AND THEN JUST CONTINUE TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE RENTAL MARKET THERE. OH, DEFINITELY. >> I THINK THAT IT'S HARDER TO GET SOMEBODY OFF THE FENCE TO BUY A HOME WHEN THAT SPREAD HAS INCREASED SO IF SOMEBODYS YOU, THEY'RE LIVING IN AN APARTMENT THINKING ABOUT MOVING HERE. ONE OF THE THINGS THAT WE HAVE SEEN A DIFFERENCE IS, IS THAT BECAUSE I'VE SEEN 10,000 BUYERS AT MY OPEN HOUSES IN IN OUR AREA OVER THE YEARS AND WE DO SEE A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE BUYERS THAT ARE MOVING HERE ARE MORE LIKELY RIGHT NOW TO RENT A PLACE RATHER THAN BY A PLACE IMMEDIATELY RIGHT AWAY. AND EVEN FOR THOSE FIRST-TIME HOME BUYERS. IT'S NOT THE SALE MARKET. THE RESELL MARKET FOR NEW HOMES ISN'T QUITE AS AFFORDABLE AS SAY, THESE SO THAT THAT DEFINITELY IS IMPACTING TH

  Top Comments:
  1. @benderbot248 [2 likes]: More apartments were built then rent prices dropped, shocker I know
  2. @Koparealestate [1 likes]: Thanks so much for having me on, Nicole! It was great chatting about what’s happening in Austin’s housing market and sharing a little bit of the local perspective.
  3. @F40-c4i [1 likes]: They rent it out because they left and overpaid. This realtor won’t tell you that.
  4. @Nrc8236: Insane. I moved there last march for the spring summer and it was the most expensive at the time lol. Crazy how 18 months things change!
  5. @PikeandBanshee: San Jose is not correct on that map haha
  6. @morganfbilbo4659: When is News Nation going to fix the volume? Or just get rid of Cuomo's rant.
  7. @tvviewer4500: Dumb reasoning
  8. @shaf60: Six inches apart.

- What to Know About Real Estate Trends for 2026: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK. THIS MORNINING'S "CONSUMER THIS MORNING'S "CONSUMER CONFIDENCE" WE ARE LOOKING AT REAL ESTATE TRENDS FOR 2026. >> WITH FED LOWERING INTEREST RATES, MORTGAGE RATES ARE STARTING TO DROP A LITTLE BIT. STARTING TO DROP A LITTLE BIT.T. WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE E HOUSING INVENTORY AND AFFORDABILITY AND WHATAT CAN WE AFFORDABILITY AND WHAT CAN WE EXPECT TO CHANANGE THIS CAREER? EXPECT TO CHANGE THIS CAREER? >> HERERE WITH ALL OF THE ANSWES >> HERE WITH ALL OF THE ANSWERS IS REAL ESTATE BROKER AND PRESIDENT OF OUR NEW YORK, STEPHANIE BERKINS. GOOD TO HAVE YOU HERE. >> GOOD TO SEE YOU. >> I GUESS FIRST QUESTION PEOPLE WANT TO KNOW, WILL MORTGAGE RATES COME UP? >> 2026 IS SHAPING UP TO BE A RESET. RESET.T. WE ARE FINALLY COMING INTO STABILITY. STABILITY.Y. WE ANTICIPATE RATES TO LAND INTO WE ANTICIPATE RATES TOTO LAND IO THE LOW 6%, MAYBE DIP INTO THE HIGH 5s DEPENDING ON THE STRUCTURE. STRUCTURE.E. IT IS NOT THE 2% OR 3% FANTASY WE LOVE BUT IT IS BETTER THAN THE 8% THAT FROZE THE MARKET. BECAUSE THE RATE IS LOWER IT GETS MORE PEOPLE OFF THE SIDELINE. SIDELINENE. A LOT OF SELLERS WERE LOCKED INTO SUPER LOW RATES, DIDN'T WANT TO SELL. WEWE ARE FINDING THEY ARE COMING WE ARE FINDING THEY ARE COMING TO TERMS W WITH REALITY, WITH TE TO TERMS WITH REALITY, WITH THE RATES THEY'RE MEETING THE MARKET. MARKET.. SO INVENTORY IS COMING UP A SO INVENTORY IS S COMING UP A LITTLE BIT AND WE ARE SEEING LITTLE BIT AND WE ARE SEEIEING MORE HOMES FOR SALE WHICH ARE GREAT OPPORTUNITIES FOR BUBUYER. GREAT OPPORTUNITIES FOR BUYERS. THEY HAVE MORE OPTIONALITY, MORE OPPORTUNITY. OPPORTUNITITY. THEY DON'T FEEL PRESSURED TO BUY SOMETHINING THEY'RE NOT READY TO SOMETHING THEY'RE NOT READY TO BUY. BUY.Y. AND THEN WITH HOME PRICES, THATAT'S WHERE THE QUESTION, IST THAT'S WHERE THE Q QUESTION, IST GOING UP OR DOWN. GOGOING UP OR DOWN. THE ANSWER IS WE'RE GOING THE THE ANSWSWER IS WE'RE GOING THE SEE IT GO UP ABOUT 1% TO 3% INCREASING NATIONWIDE, BUT IT REALLY IS MARKET AND LOCATION SPECIFIC, RIGHT? SPECIFIC, RIGHGHT? AND BECAUSE THERE'S NEW INVENTORY THAT WILL MATTER AND THAT WILL HAVE AN IMPACT, BUBUTE THAT WILL HAVE AN IMPACT, BUT WE WILL SEE A MODEST, HEAEALTHY RI. WILL SEE A MODEST, HEALTHY RISE. >> TO THAT END THOUGH, AFFORDABILITY OBVIOUSLY IS GOING TO CONTINUE TO BE AN ISSUE IN 2026. >> YES. >> HEARD RECENENTLY THE MEDIAN E >> HEARD RECENTLY THE MEDIAN AGE OF A HOME BUBUYER HAS RISEN TO 0 OF A HOME BUYER HAS RISEN TO 40 YEARS OLD IN THIS COUNTRY. >> 40 YEARS OLD. CAN YOU U BELIEVE THAT? CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT? >> HOW ARE BUYERS REACTITING TO >> HOW ARE BUYERS REACTING TO HIGHER PRICES? >> THAT'S THE RIGHT QUESTION, CRAIG. I I THINK WE'RE GOING TO SEE IT I THINK WE'RE GOING TO SEE IT MORE AS A TRTREND THIS YEAR, THS MORE AS A TREND THIS YEAR, THIS CO-BUYING. >> CO-BUYING. >> PEOPLE ARE CREAEATING THESE >> PEOPLE ARE CREATING THESE REALLY UNBELIEVABLBLE CO-BUYING REALLY UNBELIEVABLE CO-BUYING PARTNERSHIPS. PARTNERSHIPSPS. FRIENDS ARE COMING TOGETHER, FRIENDS ARE COMING TOGOGETHER, SIBLINGS ARE TEAMING UP, EVEN PARENT AND ADULT CHILDLDREN. PARENT AND ADULT CHILDREN. >> SOUNDS DANGEROUS. >> IT SORT OF IS A A LITTLE BIT >> IT SORT OF IS A LITTLE BIT DANGEROUS. >> RIGHT. WHAT COULD GO WRONONG? WHAT COULD G GO WRONG? >> IF EVERYTHING IS STRUCTURED PROPERLY, IT IS BECAUSE THE HIGHER PRICES ARE PUSHING PEOPLE INTO A COMMUNAL AND COLLABORATIVE APPROACH AND IT HELPS WITH AFFORDABILITY. MORE OF THE MONTHLY COSTS ARE SHARED, AND CONVENIENCE. YOU HAVE BUILT-IN CHILD CARE, BUILT-IN ELDER CARE. IT SORT OF HELPS A AND YOU SEE IT SORT OF HELPS AND YOU SEE THIS MULTI-GENERATIONAL LIVING. PEOPLE ARE LIVING WITH PARENTS AND GRANDPARENTS AND IT REALLY HELPS FROM AN AFFORDABILITY PERSPECTIVE. PERSPECTIVIVE. YOU CAN VISUALIZE BUYING WHEREAS YOU CAN VISUALIZE BUYING WHERERS BEFORE YOU COULDN'T REALLY. BEFORE Y YOU COULDN'T REALLY. >> IT IS FUNNY BECAUSE IN NEW >> IT IS FUNNY BECAUAUSE IN NEW YORK CITY, ESPECIALLY THE OUTER BOROUGHS, YOU SEE A LOT OF THESE TWO-FAMILY HOMES WHERE PEOPLE TWO-FAMILY HOMES WHERE PEOPLE E ARE DOING THIS. >> 100%. >> 100%.%. FINISHED BASEMENTS WITH FLEXIBLE BEDROOM COUNT, ADDED KITCHENETTES, EXACTLY. >> WHAT ABOUT A.I., HOW ARE BUYERS AND SELLERS USING IT? >> IT IS THE MOST EXCITING TOPIC FOR ME. >> WOW. >> WOWOW. YOUR EYES DID LIGHT UP. >> IT ISIS EXCITING AND >> IT IS EXCITING AND INTIMIDATING. INTIMIDATING.. YOU NEED TO THINK OF IT AS AN ACCELERANT, NOT REPLACEMENT. FOR BUYERS YOU CAN I INSTANTLY E FOR BUYERS YOU CAN INSTANTLY SEE WHAT A HOME COULD LOOK LIKE WITHOUT SPENDING A DOLLAR ON RENOVATION. RENOVATIONON. I'M TALKING NEW PAINT COLORS, NEW FLOORS, NEW CABINETRY. BUYERS HAVE A HARD TIME VISUALIZING POTENTIAL AND END UP OVERLOOKING REALLY GOOD. >> THIS IS A.I.? >> THIS IS A KITCHEN. >> I WAS STANDING IN THIS >> I WAS STATANDING IN THIS KITCHEN, TOOK A PICTURE AND SAID MAKE A MORE MODERN VERSISION OF MAKE A MORE MODERN VERSION OF IT. >> NO WAY. >> THIS IS WHAT T IT SPIT OUT. >> THIS IS WHAT IT SPIT OUT. WHEN I SHOW IT TO MY CLIENT THEY'RE ABLE TO SAY, THAT'S THE SAME KITCHEN, I CAN MAKE THAT? >> THAT'S EXCITING. >> YESES. >> COULDN'T IT LEAD IF YOU ARE A >> COULDN'N'T IT LEAD IF YOU ARA BUYER, YOU KNOW, THE SELLER IS FUDGING THINGS WITH A.I.? >> EXACTLY, AL. THERE HAS TO BE TRANANSPARENCY D THERE HAS TO BE TRANSPARENCY AND DISCLOSURE. DISCLOSURE.. IF YOU ARE GOING TO USE A PHOTO, A STAGED IMAGE, A RERENDERING, U A STAGED IMAGE, A RENDERING, YOU HAVE TO BE TRANSPARENT. THE BUYER NEEDS TO KNOW WHAT IS REAL, WHAT IS IMAGINED, RIGHT, AND ALSO WITH A.I., REMEMBER, REAL ESTATE IS A RELATIONSHIP BUSINESS. BUSINESS.. IT IS EMOTIONAL. IT IS EMEMOTIONAL. HOMES ARE EMOTIONAL, RIGHT? SO A.I. CAN'T FEEL FOR YOU. A.I. CAN'T NEGOTIATE FOR YOU BECAUSE THERE ARE SO MANY NUANCES TO THE DEAL. IT C CAN DO AMAZING THINGS. IT CAN DO AMAZING THINGS. IT CAN MAKE IT MORE EFEFFICIENT. IT CAN MAKE IT MORE EFFICIENT. IT CAN TAKE AWAY T THE ADMIN WO. IT CAN TAKE AWAY THE ADMIN WORK. IT CAN ANALYZE HUNDREDS OF DATA POINTS BUT IT CAN'T FEEL FOR

  Top Comments:
  1. @Williwaw_Venture [8 likes]: As soon as she said, “my Clients”, I knew I couldn’t trust her 😂
  2. @thejameslately [6 likes]: If it’s 6% it’s not low 😊
  3. @royanjohnson6837 [4 likes]: We are fooling ourselves if we think that Wall Street corporations buying any number of single-family homes and turning them into rental properties will not affect affordability and stability. Unaffordability benefits them. These are the same organizations that were purchasing newly built single-family communities and converting them into rentals. We also need to address the issue of built-to-rent communities, which are also contributing to the crisis.
  4. @mrs.carter4775 [2 likes]: We are NOT BUYING!! No thanks, keep your rates
  5. @kevinschlosberg7124 [2 likes]: “Co-buying “-  it will never work…
  6. @brianhillenbrand6382 [2 likes]: Dylan ❤
  7. @jankijain210 [1 likes]: The breakdown of the reset year for 2026 is super insightful, especially the points on co-buying and how AI is changing the way we visualize potential in a home
  8. @rooster_and_egz [1 likes]: The idea of co-buying with friends or siblings to tackle affordability is such a practical trend for 2026, definitely a sign of the times
  9. @Jessslaying [1 likes]: “A modest healthy rise” - spoken like a real estate agent.
  10. @melodyocampo227 [1 likes]: I have two paid off homes in California but I agree with the real estate broker I am wanting to possibly buy a 7 bedroom mansion to take my parents to live with me so that I can take care of them until they pass away as my parents are in 70’s and as well as to have my adult kids live with me to help them out or I might get two more smaller houses instead of one big one,  I am looking to purchase a home in cash with in hopefully the next 5 years .
  11. @TianaRobege [1 likes]: News channel 5
  12. @VickyBantaChrist [1 likes]: G🎉❤
  13. @harshil_raut: Really insightful update on the 2026 reset year. The breakdown of co-buying trends and how AI is helping buyers visualize potential without the renovation costs is super helpful for anyone navigating this market
  14. @HasanRiffi-v7m: ⚘🙏🚘👈
  15. @OfficialGrayStorm-g4k: Really engaging video  learned something new just from the topic and wanted to watch all the way through 👍
  16. @mikevidovich8311: Those that cause / cancer of the higher home  prices / out bidding primary resident buyers by lowering the housing inventory for real residential buyers. Not right or intent .  
Step 1  big institutional investors out - divest out of residential property in next 18-24 months
Step 2. Large to small corps / PE investors out - divest out of residential property in next 18-24 months
step 3.  No more / stop non U.S. citizen and  companies  from buying up of U.S. property. let them do leases only.
Step 4. Ban all STR out of U.S. residential zoned property. -give 12-18 months to divest or convert to 1yr primary residents only leases / rentals 
Start by getting them out of U.S. residential  zoned property now.
or if you do not want to remove / ban,  then tax them in to kingdom come.
Its a new day. 
life 
Liberty 
Property 
For We The People / U.S. Citizens 1st.
  17. @royanjohnson6837: Too many of us don't recognize what it means to act in our best interest. We support and praise people and organizations that are contributing to the many problems we face. Achieving home affordability and stability won't happen until we reduce the influence of Wall Street corporations like Zillow, iBuyers, and Hedge fund companies that buy and turn single-family homes into rentals, and build-to-rent communities. These corporations should not be involved in single-family housing. Many of us either lack the knowledge to understand this or are unwilling to speak the truth about what is happening.

- Bought 22 Rental Units and Now I Regret It. Here’s Why…: Kind: captions Language: en bought 22 rental units in only 18 months and now I regret it just to show you here's a 2un property I own here's another one that's a sixun apartment building and here's another one and here's another one and there's even more properties but I'm done driving around wasting my gas and I feel you guys understand I thought owning rental properties would be a great source of income but boy was I wrong most Real Estate Investors teach about buying rental properties rehabbing them renting them out to tenants and then refinancing them with a bank just the only cash flow $300 per month and that $300 per month may sound like a small amount but when you have a lot of units that amount adds up for the 22 units that I own with my business partner we roughly cash flow on an average of $600 per month and that's per unit and on a monthly basis that comes to $13,200 and on an annual basis each year that comes to $158,400 and that's a big cash flow amount just for only owning 22 units now that we talked about the money side of things you're probably thinking to yourself Stephanie why on Earth would you regret buying all these properties and wanting to sell them if you're making well over six figures with them well cuz I'm here to tell you the Dark Side of owning rental properties that the other real estate gurus won't tell you I honestly thought that as we buy more rental properties that I would make more money and as we continue to buy more I just became more broke so owning 22 rental properties looks great on social media but in real life it sucks and the six figures that you see that we make from all these properties isn't really six figures because as you buy more and you scale more of that money of that cash flow that you make just goes into buying more properties and not only that you have to remember you're dealing with properties and things happen so a roof could go out an HVAC system could go out you know Windows could need to be replaced and those are some pricey items and that starts to add up look think about it let's say you own a single family house and you decide to rent it out and you cash flow $400 per month that's great you know that's above average cuz typical investors look to cash flow roughly $200 a month so you're making $400 a month just from this one property now let's say your roof goes out and to buy a new roof that costs $5,000 all your cash flow of that $400 per month is completely wiped out just because of that one thing just because you have to pay for that roof look I'm not here to tell you what to do with your money whether that's buying rental properties or not I'm just here to tell you what my journey is and the ups and downs that have come along with it just so it can help you along the way cuz at the end of the day we all know that there are Pros to rental properties and there are also cons to rental properties throughout us buying all these rental properties within an 18-month time frame I quickly realized that we were becoming Equity rich but but cash poor and having a lot of equity is great but Equity does not put gas in my tank for me to be able to drive to the office and drive to appointments I don't like living a life having to constantly check if my bank account is in the negatives or not I just got tired of it honestly and with you being Equity rich and cash poor and not having enough in your bank account you have to think of those things like are you going to have enough money for food are you going to have enough money to have gas are you going to have enough money for just the regular build in your life and that's where I just got over it you know I was just tired of living a life like that and just came to this realization where I just regret building and scaling this fast and I want you guys to know that when you are dealing with rental properties you need another source of income just to help you sustain cuz as I just said you will be Equity rich and cash poor if you do it this way and just build and scale so fast so that other source of income that we took into consideration was wholesale deals but unfortunately for us our wholesale deals were very very inconsistent so we weren't making really any money from that it was just the money from our cash flow but you got to think about it for us there were some things that did need repaired and when we had no money coming from wholesale deals then we would use our cash flow money but when we were low and didn't even have cash flow money to use that then we would have to come out of our own pocket and guys remember I told you being cash poor and not having any money in the bank account you're probably wondering like how are you going to pay for repairs if you have no money from your personal pocket well the bad thing we done that I don't recommend is we just put it on credit cards and that's where you get into a hole and that's why I'm making this video because I don't want you guys to be in the same position that I'm in I want you guys to learn the lessons learn the mistakes that I have made so that you don't have to make those same mistakes so just remember if you do want to build a rental portfolio make sure you also have another source of income just coming in cuz if you don't you may end up real broke now I want to talk about self-managing your rental properties cuz for us that is what we did to save money and to be honest with you guys I honestly don't mind it as long as you have your proper systems and processes in place then it's more so of a piece of cake and what I recommend you guys do if you are buying these rental properties make sure you're fully fixing them up just so you're not getting calls in the middle of the night of tenants saying oh my toilet's broken where if you just get a brand new toilet then you're less likely to have that issue so just for repare your properties up from the jump instead of having someone move in right away and make sure you have your right proper systems and processes in place now I want to get back into the money side of things cuz that's the main reason people truly buy rental properties is to have that you know Financial Freedom but I want to take a second to dive deeper on mortgages and with you seeing that $300 per month in cash flow that's not because your utility bills are so high it's honestly because your mortgage is so high with your principal in interest payments and I want to give you guys an example for this 2unit property that we own that you guys have seen the upstairs unit is renting for $1,300 a month and the downstairs unit is renting for $1,100 a month now for the mortgage on that property it is roughly $1,300 a month so that upstairs unit already covers that mortgage which is amazing but we still do have utility bill payments on that so we still cash flow a good amount on that roughly around the 600 $100 per unit but still we have expenses no matter what but I want you guys to realize that 1,300 from the mortgage payment that is the principal and interest which just that part alone consists of $900 and then we have our taxes and insurance which that's all included within the $1,300 a month but think about it that's a big chunk that is coming out of our cash flow like wouldn't it be nice just to have an extra $900 per month in cash flow from just taking away that mortgage you know that's what I'm thinking like I would like to have that extra $900 a month in cash flow and that's where my mind's at like I'm done worrying about scaling with no money cuz I realized like it can be easily done where you can buy so many rental properties or just properties in general whatever you want to do with them whether that's you know fixing them up or keeping them as rental properties you can do that with no money out of pocket I mean that's how we scaled from 0 to 22 units Within 18 months but it's honestly the riskier route if you don't have another source of income because you slowly get into a hole and you have all these mortgage payments racked up you have to make sure they're all getting paid but you also want to make sure that you're getting paid in your cash flowing as well so after realizing all this like I said I'm done taking that risky route and I want to take a different approach where I want to focus on limiting those mortgages having a consistent income and having a good amount of money and Reserve cuz to be honest with you I rather own 30 properties that are 100% paid off than 100 properties that have mortgages on them and only cash flow $300 a door cuz you guys have to remember it's not about what looks good on social media and it's not about how much you gross per month it comes down to truly how much you net per month and how much money is coming into your pocket and now I know this was a quick video but I didn't want to waste any time just to get my point across so you guys can see the real truth about properties and just know that it's always good to reevaluate your goals just to see where God is truly leading you to go cuz to be honest with you guys my goals from the jump was to hit 100 units in a quick time frame but now After experiencing everything that I've gone through within this 18-month time frame I realized it was time to reevaluate my goals and take a step back and see where God wanted me to go but I hope this video gave you some insight on the real truth about rental properties and if it did make sure you guys give this video a thumbs thumbs up go subscribe if you're not subscribed with that being said I'll catch you guys in the next one peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @LalitKumar-v6m2o [3 likes]: The Edveros exterior lighting was pre-installed and smart-controlled from the handover day. I've spent weeks on traditional builds arranging external lighting as a separate contract. This was just there.
  2. @dreamyoceangirl [1 likes]: the money just goes into more properties 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
  3. @robwhitman769: From an objective third party viewer: The properties you showed have me convinced you are a slum lord.
  4. @motorcityneedlearts-sy1dv: STRs should be illegal they have destroyed resort towns
  5. @jamescc2010: I own a home, and major repair like roof, HVAC, water damage can set you back 20k-40k. So need to have big cash reserve or line of credit. Nowadays, if you are not DIY, major repairs are so expensive, so watch out. If you can come in first, and do good reno on a property with no major issues later on, that will be great if you can.
  6. @dailyinspirations76: Very informative thank you
  7. @JoseGomez-rc5wv: I never trust and lose all respect for individuals who use “cash flowing” as a verb
  8. @Robin-p6g6s: How could afford 22 properties
  9. @PaidToldem: 150k a year you couldve paid a house off every 2 years..stay down till you come up..keep the same process and know when to let it marinate before going forward
I consider doing 8-2 mortagage
8 mortgage -2 paid off sometimes 3..before moving forward
Now think tokenization..
  10. @aamirafridi8955: We chose Edveros. Simple as that. We researched for eight months. We visited two buildings. We took the factory tour. And then we chose. No single thing decided it. Everything together was difficult to argue with.
  11. @ststarkura4154: We've had our Edveros photographed by an architectural photographer for our portfolio. Without exception, every photograph looks exactly like the building looks in person. No lenswork needed. The architecture does it.
  12. @AnujGamer-v6s: I've never had a building project that ran exactly to the specification agreed at signing. Our Edveros was the first time.
  13. @tanyagreen2053: Thank you so much Stephanie, I was over here stressing out tryna figure how was I was gonna get my second property
  14. @paul_tee: this is a self created problem lmao
  15. @chmada: This was great!
  16. @JayWilks-z7j: I'm a process server n Chicago il n I serve over. 10. Ppls a day n tha s SAD nobody paying rent now days they @ the casinos 😢
  17. @elizabethfairley1883: It’s your house. If your house needs repairs whether you’re renting your home out or not it’s still something you have to pay for as a home owner. At least you’re making money on your property whereas a home owner who isn’t renting their home out making extra money will have to pay for repairs with their own money. So I wouldn’t use that as an excuse to regret being a renting property investor.
  18. @getsome9437: At some point the cash that you accurled from all the properties, needs to go to paying off previous ones or properties need to be sold once adjusted or rehabed.
  19. @larrysnyderthecandorealtor: Could have told you that girl. Been there done that..
  20. @raythehost: Ai getting crazy man

- I Turned My Property Manager Side Hustle Into A $3 Million Business | Millennial Money: Kind: captions Language: en One of the most intense feelings that I've struggled with as a business owner is the feeling of isolation and feeling like this is all on me. There's nobody else that can help me with this. Like I have to figure it out. Do you see all your Wayfair stuff is shipping? Thank you. Appreciate it. Ultimately, at the end of the day, so many people's livelihoods are dependent on Be Still Getaways. At times. It's been a challenging thing to sit with, but it's motivated me. It's given me fire. Like, keep going because you have to. My name is Jamie Stark Inlow. I'm 32 years old and I own a property management and design company called Be Still Getaways. We are on track to bring in $3 million for this year. Basically we are a one stop shop for someone with a short term rental. That's like, I would like to purchase real estate for a short term rental, but I don't necessarily want to be in the trenches really at all because it's a whole production. Prior to starting Be Still Getaways, I worked in higher education. I was a student program director and I really enjoyed my work. After getting pregnant and having my son 9 to 5 definitely was not cohesive to our lives anymore. I was dropping my son off really early at daycare, picking him up late, and I was like, This is just not what I pictured for my life. So my husband and I, we ended up selling our home, moving back to Virginia. We purchased a mini farm in Scottsville, Virginia. Our neighbors had a sheep farm and they had a beautiful barn and I can't remember why, but I had gone through the home above their barn. It was finished very beautifully and I was like, This could be an Airbnb. So from there I wrote a business plan to my neighbor. I asked him to give me $2,000 to furnish the barn. We drove all over the state of Virginia doing Facebook marketplace pickups. We furnished the barn, I listed it, and then I manage the unit from there, I dove into branding and creating a website. And when I started the barn, I was like, This is it. I want to do property management for short term rentals. Sales grew so much in the past few years. We certainly have different levels of luxury now that, you know, 2022 brought some really, really upscale properties into our inventory, which was exciting. So property management obviously comes with a lot of different expenses. Definitely the things that we spend the most money on are number one, wages. There are many times that I ran a payroll for staff before I ever paid a dime to myself, and that's how it had to be. And I knew that from the beginning. I was like, I want to instill in my team a company where they feel valued, where they feel paid well and where they don't want to leave. Supplies are also up there. I would probably put this as our second most costly line item. This would include all of the things that you need in your short term rental paper products, dishwasher pods, laundry detergent, makeup remover, cloths, toothpaste, those little things that you need in a quality Last year about this time there was a warehouse opportunity here in the town that I live in, and so we signed a lease and that absolutely changed our lives to have a point place where we could ship all supplies. So 120 doors worth of supplies, not to mention all of the outfits that we do. We have about 4000ft². And right now it is completely full of furniture for about three different properties, as well as all of our supplies for all of our units where our inventory coordinator is just able to go pull what she needs for a unit and take it to whatever property is running low. I worked for almost three years working my higher education job as well as operating Be Still Getaways, so I started matching my salary. I was like, okay, if I'm comfortable for a year where I can pay my salary with Be Still Getaways, then I feel like I can quit my job. My husband also recently quit his job. He was an educator and he is actually our full time lawn maintenance man. So he literally 50 hours a week mows grass, which he really enjoys. He listens to podcasts and this line of work has been very good for him and he fills in a lot of gaps that we didn't have before. There are still days where I'm like, Oh my gosh, what if? Because it's scary. It's a scary leap. But I'm so glad that I did it. And it was such a relief to be able to just devote 100% of my time to this company and ultimately continue to scale. Afton is a pretty tiny mountain town known for vineyards and breweries and distilleries. I mean, I picture when this home was built, there was likely close to nothing around. And so with Afton Mountain Inn, we've created a very luxury resort experience in Afton, Virginia, which I think is really unique. We renovated all suites. We renovated seven bathrooms and added an additional one. And we were able to open within three months of doing all of these renovations. I think our contractor wanted to kill us when we picked 30 different paint colors throughout the entire inn, which is I think that's the only property we'll ever do that on. So this is our snack bar slash coffee room. We call this the cafe. The property owner of Afton Mountain Inn actually suggested what if we do complimentary ice cream for all of our guests? Have these little Ben and Jerry's tiny pints that we keep in there. And I was like, That is a beautiful suggestion. If you are willing to pay for that, let's absolutely do it. Be Still Getaways obviously experienced an immense amount of growth. Even through the pandemic and just over the past couple of years, it was truly like wildfire. We grew we went from two to 10 to 20 to 40 to 60. And that happened so fast when we expanded into motels, that was when our team structure really was tested. Now, 2023 has had so many intense challenges. Our original team structure, it's not working. Like we kind of need to tear it all down and start over. That is certainly the hardest part of scaling, is how do you keep your quality or how do you keep your team from being burnt out? How do you hire appropriately and make sure everyone's taking care of as you experience this immense scale? So that has been, I think, the thing I'm the most proud of in 2023. It definitely is my lowest point in business and feeling like I don't know how to figure this out. I don't know how we're going to do this. And just feeling my staff, having so much weight on their shoulders, it was very challenging. And now sitting here in July to see us coming out on the other side is a relief. I think my best advice for anyone wanting to get into real estate and property management is that it requires a dive in and a commitment and being like, This is what I'm going to do. Obviously, one of my number one goals is bringing on a Be Still getaways owned commercial property. And so that's exciting. That's definitely one end goal. My dream, like, you know, pie in the Sky vision would be I would love to write a book, The Secrets of Short Term Rentals, not just a book about, you know, helping other hosts in this industry, because I do really enjoy the education side of hosting, but also just like all the fun t and drama that unfolds in this industry, there's so many fun things and like hilarious stories that happen seriously every single day that you could totally do a reality TV show or a book on it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BechiTexiya2 [37 likes]: There’s a point where anger turns into silence. I hit that point. I didn’t even have the energy to be mad anymore. Then I found Forbidden Knowledge of Wealth by Vincent Dain, and it stirred something in me. A reminder that I wasn’t broken—I was just uninformed. And that knowledge started giving me my power back.
  2. @MACFAMVIDEO [1 likes]: how’s this company doing in 2026? good idea for a business. but it’s a seasonal one
  3. @cats10999 [1 likes]: This didn't really explain how she built her company.
  4. @veronicaguerra2026: I gotta say that I really admire and look up to people that have the ability to organize their thoughts and come up with business plans and not struggle with adhd brain.  Congratulations on being able to just quit your job and start a business on a whim.
  5. @sl2427: ❤❤❤🏡
  6. @Johninhk: It was incredible!!
  7. @Marklemarklemark: BS how much privilage did you have to get here?
  8. @MetalDrummer_BPM3300: The market cap of the business is 3 mil not her networth
  9. @prostodrew: how do you legally register a Barn as a residential property to rent it???
  10. @sdmit2000: I bet you blew up in 2025
  11. @dimkpakenny-u9z: This is the kind of investing content YouTube needs more . Clear explanations, strong growth ideas, and Perfect if you're just getting started and want direction
  12. @user-mo3sz7io5f: Would love to know the numbers post abnb bust...
  13. @emmanuelharbor2350: Inspiring story!
  14. @rebeccahandman2650: So inspirational!
  15. @MrMartingj: ur the reason y noboby can buy there own home 👎
  16. @allieml2614: I would read her book and/or watch the show
  17. @LeNoirMario: What states do yall live in where there are no license requirements, architectural degrees where you can just be a property manager and a designer lol
  18. @LeNoirMario: I wholeheartedly respect her hustle but what a misleading video title. I think we misuse the phrase “property manager.” She’s an owner who rents, so yes she is a manager or her own properties but she does not manage or have a fiduciary duty to manage other owners properties unless she has a brokers license…that’s the law in NY anyway. I’m a commercial property manager for one of the big 4 3rd party management providers. I was fully expecting this to be about a property management startup not an Airbnb business. Congrats to her tho!
  19. @sarahhaughton8435: If anyone buys a property and calls you for a reno  do you guys do that?
  20. @AnnGalvez-u7r: I’m from Canada and would love to learn from you.  I would love if you can be my mentor!

- This is How Billionaires Live in Hollywood Hills: Kind: captions Language: en So if you were a billionaire and wanted to live in the Hollywood Hills, this would be your home. Asking price, $57 million. And it comes with an infinity pool that's 115 feet long. I mean, that's longer than a basketball court. So welcome to the Bird Streets, of the Hollywood Hills. We got an exciting tour ahead of us. Home features 5 bedrooms, 7 bathrooms, 13,870 square feet of interior space, newly constructed, on the market for $57 million. I wanna give big thanks to the listing agent, Aaron Kirman, for making this tour possible. And let's get started. Now to my right, we have the cobblestone driveway leading us to the 4-car garage. I like that it's a single garage door and it's a nice space. With polished epoxy floors, great ceiling height. You can park 4 cars here and about 3 to 4 cars on the driveway. Now going to my left, you can see this travertine walkway that goes all the way to the staircase. And that's technically the entry of this property. It's nicely landscaped, olive trees, retaining wall, nice hedging, to provide additional privacy. And this section is open, gets great light. I love the travertine steps. And in fact, they've used travertine throughout the home, both on the outside and on the inside. And it's a material that really gives this home its identity, its warmth. Now, to my right, we also have this good-sized internal courtyard. Now, this is a very important aspect of this property. Because it brings natural light, and natural air to the lower level as well as the main level. In the center, we have a 35-foot tree anchoring the space. And I just appreciate how they brought so much greenery, life, and openness to the property thanks to this courtyard. Now, above me, you can see the frame of this home. And in fact, the property is designed like a rectangular form that sits on the hillside. And these frames, help anchor the property, make the home feel a little bit more cozy and intimate, and it also helps with capturing the views and the surroundings. And another detail that I'll point out throughout the tour. Now, coming back to this section, we have the covered entry. And here you can see how they use travertine on the floors, on the walls, and how all these joints are perfectly aligned. Starting from the walls all the way to the floor, there's a level of minimalism and simplicity in this home that I really enjoy. And on the floors, they use oversized tiles on a pedestal system. And on the walls, they used smaller tiles, stacked it all the way to the ceiling, which exaggerates the volume and gives depth. But also now all these horizontal lines continue and give length to this foyer, which by the way, leads you all the way to your infinity edge pool. And the view beyond, this is amazing. And because of this stacked design, we also don't need, any trim or any details. The tile work and the stone really speaks for itself. Now also, another detail I wanna point out, they recessed-in lighting nicely into the walls. It looks very clean, but at night it will light up this entry. Now coming to this section, oak case front door with side windows, solid wood door, and it leads you to the foyer of this home. They've used 200 tons of travertine for this property. Let that sink in. I mean, that's a lot, and it actually came from Türkiye. My hometown. Now also in this foyer, you can see the continuous lines, whether it's the walls or the floor leading you to the view. And also if you wanna go to your backyard, you can simply do that here without having to go to the other spaces. Now here we have 4 travertine case openings leading you to different rooms. Why don't we go this way so we can check out the formal dining area and the formal living room. I love how open this space is. Sliding glass doors stacked on each side, seamless transition to the exterior, your terrace, infinity edge pool, and the city of Los Angeles. Room gets a ton of natural light. And again, please pay attention to the lines. You can see how the grout lines on the floor continue to the exterior. It's easy on the eye. And then we have travertine throughout, plaster ceiling. And the room is so well curated. The seating arrangement, solid wood coffee tables, the books, all the throw blankets and pillows. There's warmth and there's life in this property. And again, I appreciate the minimalist palette. Plaster ceiling, travertine walls and floors throughout. Now here on one surface, you can see how they use the same travertine but with different cuts. The frame here features the stacked design with the horizontal grout lines. And then on each side, you can see how they used, the side angle, to give additional dimension. Down below, they've cased the fireplace with unfilled travertine, and the frame dictates the space for that. And above, I know it's behind the painting, but they've used 3 big slabs for this section with a nice reveal. So it pulls your focus towards the center. And obviously in the future, if you want, you can place your TV here as well. Furnishings in this home, I'm gonna use the word curated so much. Because it's tastefully done. And the chairs here are gorgeous. The solid wood fabrication, straps down below, and how the bottom section is this one molded piece of wood that holds the cushion in place, so tasteful. Now on the other side, you can see how the glass wall here provides so much natural light. Now instead of placing the formal living room closer to the street, with this design, they push this room to be closer to the views and your terrace. But at the same time, with this glass wall, they're allowing so much natural light to come in, and give a lot more volume and openness to the space. And the tree, use of travertine on the walls. It's a beautiful view to look at. I love this design element. And again, I'm gonna point it out throughout the tour. Next up, formal dining room. Oversized solid wood table, these comfortable leather chairs, chic light fixtures. And the same wall design is also on this side, with the fireplace, reveal detail. Stacked travertine on each side and beautiful flow to the exterior. I also like how they use linen curtains for this space. And then we have the sliding glass doors. Erman, let's pan towards the floors. You can see how they recessed in the tracks. For the gaps, they've used the same travertine just so visually this looks as minimalist as possible. And they've done the same thing on the ceiling here as well. Tracks are nicely recessed in, so this opening is very clean and it frames the view beautifully. Now, another detail I wanna point out. Erman, can we get a closeup. I know you went backwards to show the view. You see the AC diffusers, how they're incorporated into the tile here, right? So now let's go backwards and let's show the ceiling. They don't have any AC diffusers on the ceiling. Do you know why? What's the reason? Now, in the Bird Streets, you have height restrictions. And of course, the design team here, Woods and Dangaran, they wanted to maximize the ceiling height, not only on this level, also on the level below. And for that reason, they wanted to minimize the design and the complexity of the roof and push the ceiling here as much as possible till they hit their height restriction. When you do that, you wanna eliminate all the utilities, anything that protrudes over your roof. So they don't have any AC units, they don't have anything up there. It's a very minimalist roof and they've incorporated all of these utilities within the property and that's why they're providing fresh air through the floors rather than the ceiling. I mean, look at the ceilings here, very clean. And you can see the reveal detail that starts from the exterior, continue to the interior, back to the exterior. Everything plays and supports each other and you end up with a minimalist home like this. Did that make sense? Yeah. You understand why they're on the floors now? Yeah, absolutely. They got the most out of it. It's not a simple decision they made. It was a very calculated decision, and I think it worked. Now let's check out this terrace. First, we have the outdoor seating area anchored by a fire pit. I love the stone approach here, how it's all chiseled, a little bit more organic. And now you can see the frame of the home and how this frame helps you appreciate and take in the views a little bit better. Same travertine walls continue to the exterior, and you can see how the lines are perfectly matching, including the reveal detail. And within the frame, we also have this trellis design. It protects all the sliding glass doors and provides some shade to the property. But also, given that it's a trellis, it lets some light in and it casts this beautiful shadow on the floors and on the walls throughout the day. It's awesome. Now here we have the lounging beds, outdoor seating areas, your hot tub right in the center. This pool is 115 feet long. It spans the entire length of the property and the views of Los Angeles. You're in the heart of the Bird Streets, which is quite incredible. This is a phenomenal lap pool. And I also appreciate how they went with this simple plaster design. Again, everything in this home is easy on the eye, usable, functional, but it's also, really well designed and built. You can also see how the sliding glass doors from the primary bedroom to our left and the family room to our right, opening up to the same terrace as well. But those sections are not divided but nicely established. So those rooms have a little bit of a zone of their own. And Erman, just think about the idea of holding up this much water on a hillside. Imagine the concrete caissons, the concrete columns that are below this home. We have a massive rectangular form floating above the hill to take in these views, and create this comfortable interior environment for you to live in. Imagine for a second being in that pool, swimming in it, starting your day to this view. It's quite incredible. And again, if you saw this land by itself prior to this home being built, you would be quite shocked how they managed to recess in this home, part of the lower level into the hillside, and then jutting out this section to create an experience like this, it's quite impressive. Now on the other side of the foyer, we have the family room and the informal dining area. Again, so well-curated, furnishings. Their pillows, books, accessories, and these two cool chairs. Now on this side, you can see how they've incorporated the built-ins into the wall. It's all oak cabinetry and paneling. I also like these simple brass handles. TV in the center, nice recessed-in lighting. And with window treatments, decoration, books, accessories, this space has a very cozy feel. All right, quick pause. I wanna thank the sponsor of this video, which is actually me. We couldn't lock in one for this episode, so I'm stepping in. This is Nuare, our candle line. I started this brand because I wanted to take everything we've learned from touring some of the most incredible homes around the world, the materials, the feeling, the atmosphere, and create something that brings that same elevated experience into your own space. So we built it ourselves. Everything is made in Los Angeles, hand-poured, all-natural ingredients, no synthetic stuff, no paraffins, No petroleum byproducts, nothing artificial. And it's part of my daily routine. When I'm working, or when I get home and want to wind down and step away from the chaos, I light one of our candles. We have few scents. Tangerine Vetiver, notes of tangerine, orange blossom, oud, vetiver. It's clean, slightly citrusy up front, and then settles into something warm and very calming. Then we have Bergamot Rose, more vibrant, slightly floral, sweet, and a bit more expressive. We also have different sizes, from small tester tins to full-size candles. And we also have a new scent coming soon, Smoky Honey. Think honey and campfire coming together. It's a fun one and exactly smells how it sounds. At the end of the day, this is a small brand we're building from scratch. If you've been enjoying the videos and wanna support what we're doing, this is one of the best ways to do it. Go to nuarehome.com if you wanna check it out. And now back to the tour. Now next up, we have the informal dining area. Simple table, comfortable seating. And again, I like the fact that they recessed in all the built-ins here into the wall. All oak cabinetry. Great place for you to feature your art. And more importantly, the entire room opens up to the same terrace. Again, the transition is seamless. Pedestal system picks up the travertine floors here, so everything is perfectly even. Lines are all matching, trellis above us. And again, I've talked about earlier, the frame helps you appreciate the view a little bit more, it makes the terrace feel a lot longer. Then we also have an outdoor dining area here. Infinity edge pool. This house has a very soothing, relaxing energy. That's why instead of wearing a suit, I dressed more casually today. And all you wanna do, is just sit down here and enjoy this view. Isn't this crazy? It looks great. This is awesome. All right, next up on the other side, we have the kitchen. I know this home looks easy on the eye and to a degree, very simple in its design, but it's actually a very complicated home to not only design, but also to build and execute all these finishes, reveals, and lines aligning perfectly, making everything soothing to the eye. And only picking few materials to finish the entire home is not easy. Here you can see the same oak cabinetry. They also use travertine for the countertop. With this polished finish, given that you're gonna be cooking here, cutting stuff, and using the surface a lot more. Your bar seating, cabinetry looks warm, complements the travertine. And I believe we have our paneled fridge here. This portal design in the center with recessed-in lighting. Vent is nicely tucked into the cabinetry so you don't see it from the other side. Your Gaggenau cooktop, and even the handles are incorporated to the cabinetry. That way you can continue the oak paneling on the surface here. On this side within the island, we have 2 dishwashers. I mean, it would be a lot of fun to cook in this kitchen, enjoy this view. I mean, look at the frame, the palm trees, your infinity edge pool, movement of water, and the trellis is casting this beautiful shadow into the living room. This is a cozy space. Now going to this side, we have additional cabinetry here. But Erman, can we actually point out this window here. Now given that we have built-ins on each side, this section had to come out a little bit. So it created this depth and they continued the travertine and placed really good size picture window. And by really good size, what I mean is they maximize it. To the floor, to the walls, all the way to the ceiling. They also incorporated the automatic shades into the ceiling behind the travertine. And we have these trees on the other side, but it allows this room to breathe a little bit more, get additional natural light, and it creates more open view corridors for your eyes. It just makes the space a lot more airy and open. So I thought this was a really nice touch. Now, continuing here, Gaggenau espresso maker, additional cabinetry. We have an exterior access here, elevator to my left, and the door at the end leads us to the 4-car garage. But I wanna quickly turn this way. There's a small powder room to my right, and I'm assuming this is for the service staff. And here we have the chef's kitchen. It comes with a gas cooktop, fridge, built-in appliances, sink, some open shelving. I also like that we have a skylight here for some additional natural light, definitely built to support the main kitchen and be a nice service quarters. Now going to the other side, additional cabinetry here, again, leading you to the family room. This opening takes you to the foyer, built-in cabinetry. And here we have a powder room. Unfilled Travertine is used to fabricate the vanity here with a hidden drain, wall fixtures, wall sconces with the circular brass mirror. Skylight above for some natural light. And I like that we have plaster walls throughout, giving additional warmth. And there's a separate water closet here. Tasteful powder room. Now that's it for the main level, except the primary bedroom suite. We're gonna tour that last. But I want you, to keep something in mind. On this level, we have the formal living room, formal dining area, family room, kitchen, and the primary bedroom suite. Meaning all the rooms, that you're gonna need on your day-to-day life are all located here. So you can technically live on the main floor alone, capitalize on the views, have incredible outdoor access. But down below, we have all the amenities and additional guest suites. So I really like how practical they were when it comes to designing this level, making sure that it functions really well, it supports the homeowners really well, but we still got a lot more rooms and interesting spaces to see down below. This staircase is definitely grand, and I love the experience here. Glass wall, internal courtyard, ton of natural light coming in. And in the center, there's a massive steel beam holding up the, entire staircase, open riser. So you get this floating effect. And each one of the steps are all oak wrapped, including the bottom as well, which I love. Again, talking about making things as easy on the eye as possible. This minimalist palette, steel and wood, that's it. Even the railing is nicely incorporated into the steps. And then on the other side, this massive glass wall looking into the courtyard. Now, a lot of times we see these light wells, small openings to allow natural light to come to basement levels like this or to create egress access. But here they were extremely generous with the courtyard. They planted a 35-foot Jacaranda tree in the center with 2 Japanese maples. And with the plants, greenery, boulders, outdoor lighting, they certainly gave an amazing spirit to this area. I love the amount of natural light that comes in, this massive glass wall design, and how this section gives so much more life and meaning to the lower level. Erman, I just want you to think about it for a second. Imagine this space pushed all the way to the wall here. Think about how closed off that would've made it feel. Instead, by creating this outdoor space, allowing air to come in, planting these trees, all of a sudden this doesn't even feel like a lower level. We can feel the breeze right now. Exactly. Not only that, it opens up to the interior spaces. You're currently in the gym. We have the massage room on the other side. And then they also have high ceilings throughout the lower level. So to me, it does not feel like a basement level at all. There's life, there's energy, there's privacy on this level. Now going back in, this is where we have the gym. And again, look at the ceiling height, plaster walls, these cool light fixtures, oak built-in cabinetry, TV, your mirror wall, gym equipment, your rowing machine, and this awesome, wooden bench with live edge. This is a fantastic space, you can do a lot with it. Now, leaving the gym, on the other side, we have this amazing kitchenette/bar. This is the only place where they use a different type of stone in this home. Silver travertine. Again, it's still within the travertine family. It's all vein cut. I mean, look at this portal design, how they use travertine to case the entire opening, including the back wall here. Floating oak shelves, LED lighting, accessories, and how they're repeating this design element where they're recessing in their cabinetry to the wall. So everything sits flush, a little bit more minimalist. This is so tasteful. This home is exquisite, let's go right here. On this hallway to my left, we have the temperature-controlled wine cellar, all oak millwork. And then on the other side, there's a small bar, for the movie theater, sink, ice maker. There's even a dishwasher for this bar. And of course, a popcorn machine, you gotta have it. Now, next up, the screening room. Plush carpet, comfortable seating. I like how they created this built-in seating section here with a massive ottoman in the center. Wall sconces, great ceiling height even in the movie theater. And it also makes sense that they placed the screening room here because this is the center of the basement level. We are against the hillside here, so there are no windows. Perfect room for a movie experience. Now here's something really interesting. Erman, right behind you is the projector. And you're all the way to the corner, you're not in the center. I don't think I've ever seen a projector that sits on the side and projects it to the center of the room here. I was just surprised to see the projector there. I saw that too. I'm like, maybe you're going to have some explanation about it, but I think we both don't know. I certainly don't know. But if anybody knows, leave a comment down below. But I'm sure it works great. Now, coming back to the landing, on the other side, we have the lounge. This is a beautiful pool table, and I was looking at it earlier. I feel like the surface is either wool or some sort of a wool blend with cashmere. It looks exquisite. Modern light fixtures, sliding glass doors open up to the outdoors. We have an amazing terrace that connects all the rooms on this level. And Erman, I need you to go backwards because here we have the junior primary bedroom suite. Built-in cabinetry on the hallway. To my right, we have the walk-in closet. And then here you can see how we have hardwood floors, king-size bed with this oversized headboard design. I love the fact that we have plaster walls throughout, including the ceiling. It gives warmth, character. Sliding glass doors truly open up the room. And the terrace here is so private. You don't have any neighbors looking in. You have all this greenery coming in, built-in planters. And this is definitely, a very spacious room. Now, to my left, we have the bathroom. Less is more was certainly their approach when it comes to these bathrooms. Travertine floors, plaster walls, this gorgeous freestanding tub, with wall fixtures. Even the fixtures are so contemporary. And then you can see the oak cabinetry here, floating vanity design with a one oversized sink, but it's technically two sinks. And then you have the lower shelf here for all of your toiletries. Beautiful wall sconces, mood lighting above, and there's a separate water closet here. And on this side, we have the walk-in shower. Travertine is installed in the same stack pattern. Pedestal system for your drains down below, so everything is even. Fixtures are nicely incorporated on this side. That way, you can adjust the water temperature, and once you feel comfortable, then you walk in. It doesn't immediately spray you. And I love how contemporary these handheld fixtures are. Beautiful. Now let's check out the terrace. Above us is the infinity edge pool, which helps making the space feel covered. And then they kicked out the terrace, created this built-in planter that runs the length of the lower level. You end up with a cozy terrace like this. Same seamless transitions with sliding glass doors. Continuing to the other side, I like how they landscaped this level. Given our location, it's actually pretty private, and most of the rooms are nicely recessed into the property. And here we have an outdoor ping pong table. Steel legs, solid wood top, and the net is also steel. Perfect for outdoor usage. I thought this was a nice clever touch. And you can here see how we have 2 sets of sliding glass doors opening up from the remaining guest suites. These guest suites are very spacious. Both come with king-size beds, walk-in closets, and of course, full bathrooms. And it's also nice that they can benefit from the terrace. I mean, look at that frame. All the greenery, contemporary homes, city of Los Angeles. It's a little hazy today, but I would love to wake up to this view. Every single day, this is a crazy structure. The fact that they can embed, and house this rectangular form on the hillside is quite fascinating. And then their approach when it comes to the design and the palette, this minimalist esthetic that they're going for, how all the grout lines are perfectly aligned, tracks are all embedded into the floor, the plaster ceiling design, how they didn't use any drywall at all. This is crazy. I know it looks clean and easy and simple on the eye, but this is actually a relatively complicated home to build and execute. Now over here, we're back at the lounge. It's another cozy space. I love this sectional couch here and this wool blend fabric. It's warm, inviting. Your oversized coffee table, TV with built-ins, hardwood floors. I mean, this is a moment where you just sit down, relax, interact with all these different spaces. Play a game of pool, enjoy this property. Over on the other side, we have another cozy seating area, or you can call it a library. Built-in cabinetry, again, nicely recessed into the wall with all the accessories. I like the fact that they placed 4 chairs here, all facing each other. No TV, no technology. And I also been talking about how you wanna just sit down and relax and enjoy this property. It's one of those simple moments. And the design of this home is very timeless. Instead of over-furnishing it and over-accessorizing it, they're letting all these natural materials, white oak or travertine, speak for itself. And the property has a very soothing feel. I mean, I really like this home. And Erman, let's actually get a close-up. I want to talk about something. We've been saying travertine throughout the tour. They've used 200 tons of travertine. And this travertine came from Türkiye, our hometown. Just think about the idea of carving the earth, taking out 200 tons of stone, fabricating it, creating slabs, putting it in containers, shipping it across the Atlantic Ocean on one of those cargo ships that you and I have been on. And bringing it all the way to Los Angeles and then using that stone to fabricate all of these different spaces and surfaces and placing it here for hopefully multiple generations to come. This came all the way from Türkiye. Now, Los Angeles is its home, just like you and I. Yeah, it's a super cool. We came from Türkiye as well. Isn't that crazy? Just think about how many people, how many companies had to work, fabricate, and transport this stone so that it can be in this home. Yeah, it's great to see one of our stones in this kind of expensive, beautiful mansions. Setting. No, I mean, this is definitely one of the best homes in Hollywood Hills. Certainly an architectural statement, but also, in case you wonder, why they chose this travertine, travertine from Türkiye comes with more of the beige, brown, and lighter tones rather than yellow tones. And this tonality works really well with white oak and walnut. Travertine is also a relatively easy stone to work with. It's not super hard. It's easy to fabricate or apply different kind of finishes. It's also a very durable stone. You can use it on the exterior and on the interior. They used to build coliseums with this stone, so it has a timeless heritage. When you put all these qualities combined and the fact that Türkiye is actually a very strong and reliable manufacturer when it comes to travertine, it made it a very good choice for them to use travertine. Looks beautiful in this home. Isn't this home feel very soothing? Relaxing. It leaves the chaos of the city outside. And once you're here, you feel calm. It's calming. It's very calming. And with the courtyards and greenery, and given the challenges of the plot, I think the design team has done a really good job. Both maximizing the plot and making these spaces feel very livable, enjoyable, light, and airy. Again, I'm obsessed with this courtyard, I can't stress it enough. Such a functional and clever touch. All right, now continuing this way, to my right, we have the spa. We transition back to travertine floors. Again, the plaster walls, vanity design here with towel racks. And then over here, we have a water closet, beautiful steam shower with a rain head. we have a sauna. Look how nice is that, the millwork fabrication. And I like that they continued the travertine floors there. Now, next up on the other side, we have the massage room. This is a small space, but they managed to put 2 massage tables. But more importantly, it opens up to the courtyard. And again, I'm obsessed with this detail. I really like the fact that, you can get natural air to the lower level on the backside of the property And it's also a beautiful zen relaxing backdrop for this level. Now let's talk about the primary bedroom suite. We're on the other side of the formal living room. There's a wall that creates a separation to this hallway. And then double oak doors open up to the entry of the primary bedroom suite. First thing you see is this courtyard that opens up to the bathroom, the small office. And I like that they glass-enclosed this section. What an awesome view to look at. You immediately see the sky, get welcomed with this natural light. And then the long hallway here takes you to the bedroom. All the way to the walk-in closet. But first, of course, we're gonna check out the bedroom. To my left is the, oversized king-size bed. This is definitely not your average king-size bed, much bigger. But I love the warm tones, the furnishings, small seating area here, and how the travertine wall continues on the back. And just like the built-in cabinetry, they actually recessed in this wall. So that they can tuck in the bed a little bit more this way, create more privacy for the bedroom setting. Sliding glass doors stack on each side, fully open up. And let's also showcase, the cozy seating area here with 2 lounging beds, fireplace. And the design theme here is same as the formal living room and the family room. I like how they unified these elements. Now let's quickly step outside. Outdoor seating area. The infinity edge pool. What a way to start your morning. You open up your Stylines sliding glass doors, open up your shades, walk from your bed to the terrace, go for a little swim, take in the fresh air, this beautiful scenery, and get your day started. It's a pretty amazing bedroom, and I love how spacious it is. And let's show the other side. They brought in the same oak paneling, and then they placed a small office here with built-in cabinetry, open shelving, accessorized it so nicely. But also this section is even more tucked in, more private, and gets better, opens up to the courtyard. Now this is roughly a 100-square-foot courtyard. In the center we have this massive planter, and this was such an important decision that the design team made here. By creating this open space, now you're flooding the office, which is your your primary bedroom, the bathroom here, and the entry with natural light. You're getting all this natural air to come into these spaces. And we live in Los Angeles. The air here is dry. Our climate is not humid. So when you have sliding glass doors like this, especially in your bathroom, I would open these up every single morning and get my day started here. In fact, in my own home, I never really use AC. When it's cold outside, I just close all my doors and windows. And when it's just a normal day like this, I just leave my windows open and get natural ventilation. And it's fantastic. So I can't stress it enough. Creating a 100-square-foot outdoor terrace like this is actually not as easy as it may seem, meaning now you're opening up the roof, bringing in waterproofing. You have to create some sort of an internal drain system given that it's open roof. So they had to invest a lot of resources to create this little pocket to have all these sliding glass doors. But it was so worth the investment. It just gives life to these spaces. And I love to see that tree. I had to point it out. I definitely love this detail. No, it looks great. It is great. Here, freestanding tub. These brushed nickel fixtures are very contemporary. I really like them. And of course, oak floating cabinetry. Travertine countertop with this big sink design. Everything is fabricated. And even here, they wanted to hide the drains, make it look easy on the eye. Certainly accomplished that. We have wall fixtures here, alabaster light fixtures, subtle LED lighting. And of course, the stack pattern and the pedestal system. Continues into the walk-in shower. And I like the fact that I can actually enjoy the view from the walk-in shower. Fantastic bathroom, now it gets better. On the other side of the hallway, we have the second bathroom, a little bit smaller, same finishes and design elements. But the walk-in shower here has a skylight. Again, it's all about bringing in that natural light into these different rooms. Separate water closet here. And then at the end of the hallway, we have the walk-in closet. The scale here is quite impressive, but also the millwork, how they use white oak to fabricate everything. Open shelving, hanger spaces, drawers, islands in the center. And behind each one of the face panels, they also nicely incorporated strip lighting. So this space lights up beautifully. I love how generous this skylight is. And there's a small makeup area here fabricated out of travertine. And then your second island. All this open shelving. This is a pretty impressive home. And given the lot, the challenges, I feel like with this rectangular form, they've done a really good job capitalizing on the views, creating amazing interior spaces, connectivity to the outdoors, and making sure that both the main level and the lower level gets enough natural air and natural light. My hats off to the design and development team. I'm impressed. This property is the antithesis of what you would expect in the Bird Streets. In the Bird Streets, there's a lot of modern white boxes. This house is just set in such a different location. First of all, it's on what is considered Row One, which is one of the most prime streets in Doheny Estates, Bird Streets. It's also set just slightly below the street, which allows the setting to have a lot of privacy. It really gives it this very intimate, elegant feel with the backdrop of the entire city below. I think Woods and Dangaran did an absolutely incredible job of framing this house. Every moment is layered to showcase the view in a frame that almost looks like a picture. It feels like it is you, the house, and the city below. It's hard to create that, and I think they did a wonderful job. In their scope of vision and execution and what I'm going to call simple luxury. And simple luxury is arguably the hardest thing to pull off when it comes to residential architecture. When you walk into the Bird Street Homes during the day, it's absolutely beautiful, and you see everything. But when you see it at night, it is unbelievable. You see the city lights, the sparkle. The architects did this incredible job of creating the ultimate sophisticated modernist yet warm estate and really did a magnificent job of blending the site and nature with the city below. And it's something that you just don't get All right, everyone, that's it for the tour. Hope you've enjoyed the episode. Big thanks to the listing agent, Aaron Kirman, for making this tour possible. And as always, you can find more information about the listing in the description of this video. Now, I really enjoyed our day here. This property is so calm, grounding. The use of travertine, all the oak cabinetry and the millwork. It's tastefully designed and curated, lives so well. The view is fantastic. It's a stunning home, and I hope you guys enjoyed the episode. Thank you for watching, and we'll see you on the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chrisbethmann3955 [1 likes]: Terribly cold and boring property
  2. @Eric-g2o: I can never understand how all these open air spaces don’t have issues with birds flying in.
  3. @EdgarRodrigues-y8t: cant believe the prize with neighbours so close.NEVER!!!
  4. @NikoStark1: 1 major sign that nobody is selling sh*t and that state is in absolute shambles, they use to have 2 shows called Million Dollar Listings LA, and Million Dollar Listings New York, guess what, both shows were canceled 😂. LA’s last year was 2024 and had 162 episodes and all the sudden it was canceled!?? Why? Think about it. And New York last year was 2021 and 109 episodes. Also canceled. It’s a freaking catastrophe
  5. @NikoStark1: Who in their right mind would wanna live in that POS state. Yes it’s a beautiful state weather wise and nature wise, but politics make it bottom 3 state in the entire country. Why would any billionaires or even millionaires want to live there is beyond me. It’s filth and druggies running the corrupt state. Imagine the tax you would be paying so that all that money goes to them. Fake hospices 😂
  6. @NikoStark1: Man if there are still any billionaires in LA they must be idiots 😂
  7. @Flypap: Is this the rich guy dress code? I get it but, but, it doesn’t suit you well. It looks off.
  8. @zhra2i: Yenı tarzınız ve gözlük çok yakışmış
  9. @likfrikbik: According to chat gpt, 200 tons of travertine, cut in 500 slabs of stone of top quality cost around 600k usd.
Concrete to build this house is estimated around 200k. (If it's made from concrete).
Let's estimate a few millions to build all this...
Someone would probably pocketed clean profit of 50 million if it sales for that price.
Im in the wrong business..
🙂
  10. @mazymonroe8749: Imagine..... being able to afford this but most of all having enough money to make a small difference in this fu©️ked up world 👌
  11. @alf0: Where's Mickey?
  12. @aureliaandris8240: Not even 5 minutes into the video and I’ve hard enough ….
I mean, maybe this thing is perfect for a 39 minutes video in YouTube. As a house to live in? I honestly doubt it.
By the way, Turkey is not a town, it is a country.
  13. @DavidDatura: I really like the main courtyard with all its greenery. I also like the layout with the main living area and master suite on its own level and everything else…guest rooms, games room, screening room etc…down below. It’s just that the whole property is too “beige” it’s overwhelming. Other pops of color and tonality here and there, would have helped immensely.
  14. @MigV40: Great, so this massive house doesn't even have a proper office near the front door for colleagues or clients, etc.
  15. @highvibrations1986: Taking advantage of the pool I see, as you mentioned in past footage. Glad to see it went well
  16. @bt2581: Builder or architect has stock in travertine?
  17. @VincenzoCriscione-n1j: Beautiful property, the Birds Street is definitely a contemporary hotspot for incredible mansions!
  18. @DystopianGrin: The house looks simple, but there's more to it than meets the eye. 
I loved it. ❤
  19. @FocusFactor2003: This is a beautiful home and my top choice. Does the sale include the furniture??
  20. @ESİNÖZER-o6n: neyse yatayım da yarın hayatım boyunca çalışsam bile 57 milyon dolar kazanamayacağım işime gideyim 🫠

- I Stayed in Luxury Tiny Homes: Kind: captions Language: en Ryan: I am obsessed with tiny homes. Probably because I'm 5'8" and need a stepladder to get into my dad's truck. But today I'm going to the most amazing, luxurious tiny homes I could find in America. Howdy! I'm in New York City. I have always wanted to sleep in one of those tiny New York City apartments. I feel like they get romanticized all the time. And these reviews definitely reinforce that: "Smart room that maximizes small space. A little piece of heaven with a rooftop bar and coffee and pastries served by exceedingly kind humans." That review feels a little suspiciously positive to me. I don't know. "I feel like a giant in here, but a wealthy giant who inherited a small fortune and takes weekend trips to New York." "Lovely Alley way." Okay. Apparently, to get to this luxury tiny home, you gotta go through an alleyway. But I'm happy to hear it's lovely. We should probably just go. I entered the alleyway and I was happy to find that it is, in fact, lovely. But the real test lies inside this building. It's in there. I got my room key on the seventh floor and walked into our first of many luxury tiny homes. Whoa! This place is really nice, but it's actually the cheapest one that I'm going to. Yeah, I'm going around the country to the coolest tiny homes I could possibly find. Let's just say this video is gonna blow some minds, specifically my own. And in the meantime, I'm gonna try to touch both walls of this New York City apartment. I'm not a very big person. This room is very small, but the layout is genius. This apartment is a quaint 135ft². Yet somehow they've managed to include all of this stuff. Oh, where are you? Where are you going, buddy? Come on back! There you go. I mean, the fact that I can show you the entire room in one angle, that's... That says a lot. But it really does make the most of the space. Look at this luggage storage! That's fun. I love that. That makes me feel like a responsible adult. We got a cute little stool. What is this? A little table? It's a TV. Very fancy sink area with one of these light up mirrors. That says a lot about the demographic that's spending money here. This is the most handsome I've ever felt. Actually, I feel really handsome. This bathroom's a little small. So this apartment is amazing. Yes. But one thing is, I wanna show you that I packed these. Shrek Crocs. I'm sure you guys saw it, but Airbnb literally built Shrek's Swamp and I requested to book it. Look at these images! I need to go there. But one thing's for sure these Shrek Crocs will not grace my feet unless they are stepping foot on soil soaked in Donkey do. I'm sorry! I lost my temper. It says Donkey is literally the host of the Airbnb. It's also in Scotland. I love marketing in the 21st century. It's a long shot, but I can dream. Okay? In the meantime, I'm gonna enjoy my tiny New York City apartment and all of its amenities. Here's what luxury looks like in New York City: an awkward 15 minutes alone, sitting by a rooftop bar. An absurd view of the Empire State Building. Pretending to be a local, and buying a slice of pepperoni pizza. I FaceTimed Spock and he immediately started begging for my food. He is ridiculous. I considered buying this shirt. Then for some reason, I didn't. I finished up my night watching cartoons at my little table, and then I went to bed, because I have to wake up early. To get to my next tiny home. After a few hours of travel, I made it to the next city. That's right, people. Atlanta. But this next tiny home is in the middle of nowhere. Which means... Oh, yeah. This baby's purring. As you guys know, there's nothing I love more than a rental car. I love sending photos to my dad saying, just got a new car. He believes it every time. It's so funny. This next luxury tiny home is insane. It's also in the woods, in the middle of nowhere. Oh, fancy. Look how pretty that is! How tiny is this home? I don't wanna miss it. Oh, my gosh! I'm sorry! I should really show you. Guys, we're not in New York anymore. I think. I know you might be thinking, hey, Ryan, that's not that luxury. It's a black little tiny house. When you guys see what's on the other side, you're gonna lose your marbles. Just for reference, here are a few of the reviews of this place. "I came here by myself. I'm colorblind." I'm not sure how that's relevant, but... "How is this marketed as a tiny house, but the shower big enough to shower a large family. Tiny home with a bed fit for a king. Tiny home but the TV felt like the movies. This is tiny home. I'm microscopic. I would never leave. Hot tub was only quite warm." The point is, this luxury tiny home has a lot of things to be excited about, and I can't wait to go inside. Oh, my luggage. Oh, my gosh! I entered the code they gave me and it didn't work. I think I'm at the wrong cabin. Okay, I found another one. Attempt 2. Hello? Oh, my... I put the code in this door and it worked. Yay! I'm excited. Uh, yeah. This is much bigger than the New York apartment, but it's still only one bed, one bath. This is what the house layout looks like. This is obviously a really efficient room. The kitchen is great. Is there a fridge? Give me a fridge! Boom! There's a fridge. Breast milk? Oh, that's a dishwasher. Hot cocoa in the hot tub? I can make that work. This bathroom. Come on! I feel bad for the colorblind guy. This tile is gorgeous. Oh, I'm putting that on tonight. There's also this completely unbelievable outdoor area. Not only is there an outdoor shower, a hot tub, and the perfect amount of chairs to make me miss my wife, there's also this hammock thing. Oh! Oh! This is all amazing. But I think the reason that this place can be called a luxury tiny home is this gosh darn view. Oh, that is just quite warm. I spent the next hour just figuring out how this place works. The technology in here is crazy. Yeah, I'm watching Mr. Beast on that tonight. I picked up some famous Atlanta chicken on the way here. So this is gonna be my dinner tonight. Dinner is served. I'm also just watching Mr. Beast on this projector with the craziest view in the background of my life. Airbnb is still not gotten back to me about Shrek's Swamp. I packed these crocs in faith. Okay? I'm gonna be devastated if I can't wear these in this video. This was genuinely one of my favorite nights of my life. You know why this experience is so cool? Because luxury means different things to different people. You guys hear that noise? You know what that sound is? Absolutely nothing. Now that's luxury after New York City. I made hot cocoa. It's more like quite warm cocoa at this point, unfortunately. Hot tub is kind of gross me out. Yeah. I'm gonna miss this place. However, I'm off to the next tiny home. Next thing I knew, I found myself on a flight to a way more expensive and luxurious house. Ryan? Good. Baltimore. Ryan: First time. Driver: Oh, yeah? Yeah. That's the listing. I'm actually headed to a harbor right now. This is the Ravens Stadium? Driver: Yes. Ryan: Oh, I'm a Texans fan. Driver: Oh! Ryan: Guys, I have made it to luxury tiny home 3. However, this luxury tiny home is not a home at all. It's a boat. How crazy is this? If you look at the satellite of this dock, you can see literal superyachts are docked in this harbor. We're in some wealthy territory, folks. There's a huge yacht right there. But this might be the coolest boat on this dock. Listen to these reviews! "I felt so fancy on this boat. I don't need to go to an island. There's already one in the kitchen. If you want an experience you'll remember for the rest of your life, go on the rooftop at night, look at the skyline and think about your dreams!" That was the most beautiful review I've ever read. Hannah immediately killed the vibe though. "House wouldn't stop moving." It's a boat. Anyways, enough chit-chat. Let's go check it out! So at first, this place really just looks like a nice apartment, until you look outside and realize your neighbors are boats. Is there even such thing as a landlord here? Floating on water. So this houseboat is 325ft². Oh, gosh! That's not good. Oh! Thank goodness! Okay. Let's continue with the tour! You have a nice living room with a TV, a kitchen with everything you need. Really. A really big bedroom. And somehow there's also a really big bathroom. Ooh! Another robe. So this tiny home is obviously amazing on its own, but I think the real claim to fame as we read in the reviews: the rooftop. Oh, boy! A spiral staircase. Please be awesome! Please be awesome! Oh my gosh, it's awesome. Man, I can't wait to come up here at nighttime with a white robe and think about my dreams. Guys, before I go get dinner, I think I need to come clean. If you've been paying close attention throughout this video, you'll notice something very strange about me. I've been carrying a water bottle every single day. That's, I know: "What does he mean by that? That's so weird". This wasn't by mistake. That was intentional product placement. Because this video is sponsored by Airwrap. Ever since I got my Airwrap, I've been drinking so much more water. And that's because of this guy. You see that? It's called a flavor pot. It gives your water taste through scent. I know you're thinking: "Ryan, that sounds a little crazy. Okay? I don't...I don't know if I trust you". To prove that it works, I'm gonna let a stranger try it out. It's like flavors the water through scent. Guy: Okay. Ryan: So you're gonna try it on camera. You tell me if it works. You can be honest. Guy: Yeah, I'll be honest. Okay. Regular water. Guy: Yep. Ryan: Pretty good. All right, now here's the flavor water. Guy: All right. Guy: Oh, yeah! Ryan: Oh, yeah! Guy: That's weird though. It's like, I smell it. Now I taste it. Yeah. Hopefully that went well. The point is, if I'm in boss mode, like strictly business, I just push down the pod and you get regular tasting water. But when I'm in vacation mode, I'm at the doc's baby. I just lift the pod up and boom, my water tastes like I paid for it. And I kind of did because Airwrap cost money. But I have a deal for you. You can use code "TINY" at checkout for 10% off your Airwrap. And I am going to eat crab at this restaurant. Apparently Baltimore is known for crab. Nothing screams luxury like going for a fishy walk to a restaurant called Rusty Scupper. Does anyone know if this is a real crab? That's...that's scary. If so, my dinner was yummy, but the rooftop was calling my name. I'm up here on the rooftop of this luxury tiny home boat, and I'm just praying. I'm not gonna tell you what dream I'm praying about at this point. It's just silly. Good morning, Sleepyhead! This morning was amazing. I made myself some coffee. I wrote a cute message in the guest book and enjoyed my last morning on the water. New tiny home. Yay! This one's even more expensive. And it's in my hometown. Ryan: Hello for Ryan? Haley: Yes. Ryan: This one looks the craziest by far. I said goodbye to my Uber driver and made my way into an actual fairytale. This place is called the Blumhouse. You know, a home is gonna be luxurious if it has a name. It looks like some sort of creature, like, very mythical. And I'm a little bit scared. And as you can probably imagine, the reviews for this place...feel like everyone who wrote them was intoxicated. "Pure art, potent luxury. Wear your finest clothes! I chose a silver button down." I bought this on Amazon. It feels right. "Organic. Natural. A cave above ground, a bongo, a ukulele. Reaching out like that is purpose for which it is born. To hold, to comfort, to be. This is why you come here." I'm trying here. I really don't know what that...what she was trying to say. "Fantastimatic." Not a word. It's not a word. These reviews have me a little spooked. Also, it's looking like this is the closest thing I'm gonna get to Shrek's swamp. It does feel like a fairy tale, which is nice. I'm not gonna let that upset me, because this is literally the coolest home I've ever seen. Let's check it out! So I just personally walked around this house 14 times. I have no idea how I'm gonna make the floor plan Photoshop for this one. There it is. That's my best effort. This is not only our first two story tiny home of the video. This one is like four stories. In order to get to the living room, the room I'm in right now, you have to go down two flights of stairs. The fireplace is so cool. Also, I found the bongos. "I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed." If you thought this shirt was ridiculous, just wait till you see the kitchen! What I love about this home is there are no edges. There's no sharp edges in this house. This drawer was custom made to be the trash drawer. The dining room is just terrific. They simply do not sell this seating arrangement at Ikea. And I don't even know what this texture is on the ceiling. But I love it, and I kind of want to eat it. On the 3rd floor or the bottom floor, I'm not sure what to call it, is the bedroom. The bedroom is awesome. It's actually a little bit smaller than the New York City apartment. The bathroom is also crazy. Just the fact that this shower curtain exists is a miracle. Like the ceiling is custom built for this shower curtain. Also, I was feeling handsome in the mirror again. Maybe it's the silver shirt. Last but not least, there's a spiral staircase that feels like it goes up forever. And it leads to this cute little room. This is actually the eyeball of whatever creature this is. And there's also a balcony outside. So this is most definitely the biggest coolest and most luxurious tiny home of the video. I ordered barbecue online and then invited my crush over for dinner. Doesn't this feel romantic? Haley: It is, but you're dressed like a 50 year old man. Hey, boys, can I get a rise in chat? Haley immediately spilled her brisket. We soaked up this meal thinking it was gonna be my last tiny home of this video. I told Haley all of my stories over the last few days, and I said goodbye to her on, presumably my last night in luxury. As I was going to bed, it was really setting in. I was so bummed out that I'm not gonna be able to go to Shrek's Swamp. That was until I checked my phone and saw the most unbelievable text message of my life. "Yo, do you want to go to that Shrek's Swamp with me? I'm flying there tomorrow." The next morning I hopped on a plane and crossed the bridge of reality itself. After 20 plus hours of flying, I finally made it to Scotland. My good friend Airrack partnered up with Airbnb to go to Shrek's Swamp and he invited me. Yay! I cannot express how this is truly a once in a lifetime opportunity. Guys: What are you doing in my swamp? We drove through the beautiful Scottish Highlands and found ourselves in a swamp like region. It's a force that genuinely feels like Shrek would live here. It's time to enter Shrek's Swamp. Three, two, one. Oh! Airrack: I'm emotional for some reason. I cannot believe this, dude. So obviously there are no reviews for Shrek's Swamp, but the listing says here's what we can expect: "During your stay in this spectacularly secluded swamp scape, guests can relax in the ambience of earwax candlelight. Kick your feet up with a parfait. Everybody likes parfait. Swap stories around the fire until late in the night. Enjoy a stack of freshly made waffles in the morning, and of course, enjoy the ultimate privacy of Shrek's trusted outhouse." Without further ado. You ready, Airrack? Oh, it's so warm in here. Oh, I just hit my head. I just hit my head. No way! It feels illegal to be in here. Hey, there's no laws in Scotland. That's just not true, Ryan. It's just not true. So Shrek's house is a little bit bigger than the New York City apartment, but not much at all. This is the second smallest tiny home of this video. It's also the only tiny home built out of mud. Where is Shrek? We don't... Ryan: We don't know where. Airrack: We don't know. Ryan: The Airbnb is also just stocked like a normal Airbnb. There's also a coffee bar. I gotta say, I did not take Shrek for a caffeine addict. There's a Dyson fan. That thing's like $1,000. I wonder what the property taxes are like on this. I gotta say, Shrek's Swamp is everything I could have dreamed of. I mean, the attention to detail is crazy. Everything in here is built so well. Like, it feels like someone really lives here. Airrack I thought when we came in here that this was like a mulsh textured carpet. It's actually just mulsh. It's just dirt floor, like... Ryan: I'm so curious to see who the host is, because someone's bringing us brunch and it says it's gonna be Donkey. Is he sleeping here? I don't... Donkey knows how to host. And maybe the most iconic aspect of Shrek's entire house. <i>(Sings:)</i> "Somebody once told me..." Couldn't get the license to the song, but you know the song. Okay, well, I guess now we're just gonna wait for Donkey to bring us brunch. I heard brunch was on the way. Okay. Donkey just dropped off brunch. Airrack: Bro cooked. He absolutely is in his bag. We've got waffles with fruit, a Canadian bacon, sausage, yogurt with fruit, coffee, orange juice. Whenever I asked Donkey to be in the video, he got really weird. He was like, don't film me. I did manage to get this photo of him. It was very awkward. But regardless, he...he cooks a mean brunch, so I'm excited. Airrack and I really enjoyed Donkey's brunch. We also just had a lot of fun playing in the swamp, catching up. We don't get to hang out as much as we used to, but him bringing me to Scotland and Shrek's Swamp is a memory I will never forget. Airrack, thank you so much for bringing me out here, dude! Ryan: I had a great time. Airrack: Bro, this was a blast. The whole reason you came out here, though, was to wear those Shrek Crocs, right?

  Top Comments:
  1. @dstyyrl [1 likes]: The Music dawg😭
  2. @Dpfan12 [1 likes]: Rizz in chat
  3. @D4toal: the crab you saw at the restaurant
I think its a spider crab 





Don't worry Ryan it's a Japanese crab
  4. @CodyBarr-m2l: 11:36 ayooooooooooo
  5. @jeawetack582: Bro got 2 kisses 💀
  6. @ZawaMliki: U just broke my heart when u stepped in Shrek shoes with those muddy socks expect Shrek at your door the next day😮😢
  7. @NoobyDummy-13: Crazy Houses!
  8. @Frogyy-z5e: Did somebody say MARYLAND
  9. @Littlemiss-oliviarodrigo: Bro said breast milk 🫩✌️
  10. @nhacphan8592: 9:53 my bottle does the same thing but it’s not the same bottle brand
  11. @KalebMunoz-y3o: W rizz
  12. @jasminberderavillamin3585: no one abt the thumbnail....
  13. @OhiocyroRizz: those are some dirty socks that you got there
  14. @OhiocyroRizz: CHEATING??!!
  15. @MiaChavezE: 8:07  It’s a boat😐😂😂😂
  16. @KimberleyBergmann: Bro love your videos and these homes are sick but in Aus some these aren’t tiny home. They one bedroom apartments. Tiny home is like a shipping container home.
  17. @that-one-german-shepard: 2:50  ITS BIG CITY GREENS
  18. @Sonnytranawesome: Did.
  19. @nikilehnherr9740: I saw the title and I thought it was gonna be in New York
  20. @Ryker_Gaming: I actually laugh at the landlord joke

- How are consumers' expectations changing in the luxury sector?: Kind: captions Language: en our free report the changing landscape of luxury consumers reveals the latest trends shaping the industry from the rise of sustainable practices to the growing influence of Millennials we uncover the key factors driving consumer choices discover how brands are leveraging uniqueness Boutique production and internationalization to stay ahead of the curve learn how to balance technological innovation reputation management and brand Equity to resonate with today's Discerning consumers ready to navigate this changing landscape download our free report and schedule a consultation with one of our experts Let's help your brand thrive in the new era of luxury click the link below to download your free report and book a consultation today

- AI Technology Is Revolutionizing Hotels And Hospitality | HotelTechReport: Kind: captions Language: en the hospitality industry is about to undergo its biggest transformation yet a recent report suggests AI could add 15.7 trillion to the global economy by 2030 and hotels are at the Forefront of this revolution want to know what this means for your property but first if you want to stay ahead of Hotel Tech Trends hit that subscribe button we share new insights every week that can help your property succeed here's something interesting we've recently surveyed 400 Hotel guests about their experience with AI in hotels and the results were clear while 58% say that AI improves their overall experience they have specific preferences about how they want to interact with technology for simple tasks like checking Wi-Fi passwords or facility hours guests actually prefer using automated systems it's quick efficient and available 24/7 but what really matters is finding the right balance between automation and personal service let's look at how hotels are using Ai and their daily operations the focus isn't on replacing staff it's about enhancing their capabilities properties are using AI to streamline routine tasks from maintenance scheduling to invoice processing take the Hilton group for example they've implemented AI powered virtual assistants that handle routine guest queries allowing their staff to focus on providing exceptional personal service their AI system Connie handles everything from from local restaurant recommendations to room service Works tools like Hotel time PMS are helping properties predict maintenance needs before they become issues one luxury resort reduced their maintenance response time by 40% just by implementing predictive AI systems meanwhile inflows AI system is transforming how hotels handle their accounting catching billing errors and saving hours of manual work the most successful properties aren't just automating tasks they're rethinking their entire operational workflow they're asking how can we use AI to make our staff more effective now here's where it gets interesting AI is transforming how hotels approach Revenue management one property increased their rev Power by 23% in just 6 months let me show you exactly how they did it Revenue management has evolved Far Beyond Simple supply and demand modern AI systems analyze countless data points to help hotels make smarter pricing decisions leading Solutions like duetto and ideas aren't just looking at hisorical data anymore they're considering realtime market conditions competitor pricing even local events and weather patterns but here's what's really clever they're using this data to predict guest Behavior weeks or even months in advance take the Metropolitan hotels group when they implemented Aid driven Revenue management they didn't just increase their rates they optimized them for the right guests at the right time the result a significant boost in last minute bookings and a 40% increase in their average daily rate during Peak periods they can now accurately predict the value of Group business compared to transient guests helping hotels make better decisions about their business next the real power of AI becomes clear when we look at Guest experiences and marketing some hotels are seeing direct booking rates Climb by up to 30% marketing has become more personalized and effective with AI hotels are now creating highly targeted campaigns based on actual guest behavior and preferences not just broad demographics cloudbeds digital marketing suite for instance is helping properties automate their marketing while keeping it personal one Boutique Hotel in Spain used AI to analyze their guest data and created targeted campaigns that increased their direct bookings by 25% on the guest experience side Solutions like Canary and Dove are revolutionizing how hotels communicate with guests they're handling everything from pre-arrival information to post feedback in multiple languages all while maintaining the hotel's unique voice what's particularly impressive is how these tools adapt to each guest's preferences if a guests always order room service at 8:00 p.m. the system learns this and can proactively send the menu at 7:30 it's this level of personalization that guests are coming to expect but what does this all mean for different types of properties the answer might surprise you here's something unexpected smaller independent properties often see faster results with AI implementation than larger chains but why it's because because they can be more agile in their approach large chains are using AI to standardize operations across multiple properties creating consistent experiences at scale the Marriot group for example uses AI to maintain Services standards across thousands of properties worldwide but independent hotels are finding creative ways to compete they're using AI tools to offer personalized experiences that larger chains sometimes struggle to match one 50 room Boutique Hotel in Austria implemented an AI conci system and saw their guest satisfaction scores increase by 15% in just 3 months the future of hospitality isn't about replacing human touch it's about enhancing it the most successful hotels are those that use AI to handle routine tasks while allowing their staff to focus on creating memorable guest experiences if you found this video helpful give the video a thumbs up and share it with fellow hoteliers who might benefit drop a comment below about which AI application you'd like to learn more about thanks so much for watching and I'll see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @hoteltechreport [33 likes]: Check out our 6 favorite hotel software apps right here 👉https://hoteltechreport.com/

💌 Subscribe to our newsletter: https://hoteltechinsider.com/
🎤 Listen to our podcast: https://podcast.hoteltechinsider.com/
📊 Get a free hotel tech stack audit: https://hoteltechreport.com/tech-stack-audit
  2. @liamtietjens-vaant [16 likes]: Love this! Very true. My AI dev company actually custom builds these and many other solutions - specifically for the hospitality industry. I'd love to connect!
  3. @ChumphonSomprayun [2 likes]: ❤szuper.   from. Thailand❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  4. @VijaySharma-uz5yn [1 likes]: Yeh hai hi unhin ka vanshaj .
  5. @bnbchat7440: To many “platitudes” and wild “percentages”…
  6. @suzannebanks4841: Thank you!
  7. @อนันตสิทธิ์เกิดศีรสว.ศก.2565: ตัดจบแบบงงๆ
  8. @Crownai: Hi I just found your channel and enjoy it! How can I contact you directly for sponsorship inquiries or cross marketing? Thanks !
  9. @Crownai: Hi I just found your channel and enjoy it! How can I contact you directly for sponsorship inquiries or cross marketing? Thanks !
  10. @MichaelAsto1: I have 8 hotels and 1000+ rooms, which AI is better? I want to use it in call management, there is a cost per minute or a whole plan?
  11. @healthylifestylesfoodschan9790: Done, am an hotelier and this giving me goosebumps 😊😊😊😊,,,but am positive the collective advantages will help us big,,,, Thanks for the eye opener,,, can't wait for episode next,,,see you
  12. @น้องพิมอายุ18เป็นคนไทย: ชาย เมืองสิง
  13. @Nurulhidayah-j3m: 😮ดกอแฉ แอนนี่แแฉ XX x ç

- CHINESE FUTURISTIC ENGINEERING: The most amazing wonders: Kind: captions Language: en In China, every megaproject is a challenge&nbsp; that pushes the limits of the impossible.&nbsp; Futuristic megastructures&nbsp; appear ahead of their time.&nbsp; Engineering marvels rise&nbsp; against the force of nature.&nbsp; Extreme geography demands creative solutions.&nbsp; China also stands out in the development of&nbsp; drones, artificial intelligence, and robotics.&nbsp; Today, we dive into the most astonishing&nbsp; feats of Chinese engineering.&nbsp; We’ll also explore lesser-known&nbsp; but truly remarkable megaprojects.&nbsp; Chongqing This megacity is&nbsp;&nbsp; built on mountainous terrain, crossed by deep&nbsp; rivers such as the Yangtze and the Jialing.&nbsp; The rugged landscape requires&nbsp; elevated highways, bridges,&nbsp;&nbsp; and multi-level tunnels that weave together. The result is a city that feels almost impossible,&nbsp;&nbsp; like something straight out of a science&nbsp; fiction movie or a cyberpunk video game.&nbsp; The Chongqing Rail Transit, the city’s metro&nbsp; system, is famous for its unusual design.&nbsp; At Liziba Station, the tracks run directly through&nbsp;&nbsp; a residential building—an ingenious&nbsp; solution to the city’s lack of space.&nbsp; Chongqing is also becoming a major hub&nbsp; for robotics in China, especially in the&nbsp;&nbsp; production of humanoid and industrial robots. The city hosts robotics research centers,&nbsp;&nbsp; including those at Chongqing University and&nbsp; the University of Science and Technology.&nbsp; Tech fairs showcase innovations in artificial&nbsp; intelligence, smart cities, and robotics.&nbsp; Several pioneering companies are already unveiling&nbsp; affordable biped robots, equipped with sensors,&nbsp;&nbsp; vision systems, and real-time processing. Mass production will soon deliver robots&nbsp;&nbsp; for tasks such as factory work,&nbsp; welcoming guests, or providing care.&nbsp; Within 5 to 10 years, they are expected to hold&nbsp; fluent conversations, recognize human emotions,&nbsp;&nbsp; respond with empathy, and even&nbsp; become romantic companions.&nbsp; Raffles City This complex&nbsp;&nbsp; brings together eight skyscrapers connected by a&nbsp; massive horizontal bridge known as The Crystal.&nbsp; It recreates the image of a sailboat&nbsp; floating among towers, paying tribute&nbsp;&nbsp; to Chongqing’s history as a river port. There’s an observation deck with a glass&nbsp;&nbsp; floor where visitors can see the meeting&nbsp; point of the Yangtze and Jialing rivers.&nbsp; At night, an LED system covers the towers and&nbsp; The Crystal with synchronized light shows.&nbsp; One Thousand Trees of Shanghai Nicknamed the Hanging Gardens of Shanghai,&nbsp;&nbsp; this is an urban mountain blanketed with trees. It was inspired by the idea that architecture&nbsp;&nbsp; should live in harmony with&nbsp; nature rather than dominate it.&nbsp; Hundreds of trees and thousands of plants&nbsp; grow across different levels of the structure.&nbsp; The species were carefully selected&nbsp; to bloom in different seasons, giving&nbsp;&nbsp; the exterior a constantly changing appearance.&nbsp; Goupitan Shiplift This massive piece of infrastructure&nbsp;&nbsp; was designed to make river navigation possible in&nbsp; a mountainous area with steep elevation changes.&nbsp; It allows cargo and passenger ships&nbsp; to cross the height difference&nbsp;&nbsp; between two stretches of the Wu River. The vessels pass through a tunnel carved&nbsp;&nbsp; into the mountain, linked to an artificial&nbsp; channel that leads directly to the lift.&nbsp; They enter a chamber filled with water, which then&nbsp; rises or descends slowly, connecting regions that&nbsp;&nbsp; were once isolated. Drone Shows&nbsp; These spectacles are a marvel of engineering,&nbsp; programming, and robotics: a synchronized&nbsp;&nbsp; aerial dance of hundreds or even thousands&nbsp; of illuminated drones flying in formation.&nbsp; They light up the skies of cities&nbsp; such as Shanghai, Shenzhen, and Wuhan,&nbsp;&nbsp; replacing traditional fireworks. Achieving this requires technologies&nbsp;&nbsp; like high-precision GPS, autonomous flight&nbsp; algorithms, and centralized software coordination.&nbsp; A single central computer manages the&nbsp; entire choreography, transforming 3D&nbsp;&nbsp; designs into flight paths for each drone. The shows have evolved from simple&nbsp;&nbsp; shapes into intricate animations&nbsp; capable of telling full stories.&nbsp; Chimelong Ocean Kingdom This massive marine theme&nbsp;&nbsp; park is home to the largest aquarium in the world. It’s divided into themed sections inspired by the&nbsp;&nbsp; ocean, offering entertainment that ranges&nbsp; from live exhibits to roller coasters.&nbsp; Inside the aquarium lies a gigantic tank&nbsp; inhabited by a group of whale sharks.&nbsp; They share the water with thousands of fish,&nbsp; from manta rays to various species of sharks.&nbsp; Whale sharks are the largest fish on Earth,&nbsp;&nbsp; reaching lengths of up to&nbsp; 18 meters, or about 59 feet.&nbsp; Qinghai–Tibet Railway This line connects Xining,&nbsp;&nbsp; the capital of Qinghai Province, with Lhasa,&nbsp; the capital of the Tibet Autonomous Region.&nbsp; It is the highest railway in the&nbsp; world, reaching 5,000 meters,&nbsp;&nbsp; or 16,404 feet above sea level, while&nbsp; crossing extreme and inhospitable landscapes.&nbsp; At such an altitude, oxygen is scarce,&nbsp; so the train cars are pressurized and&nbsp;&nbsp; equipped with extra oxygen to protect&nbsp; passengers from altitude sickness.&nbsp; The railway plays a crucial role: opening Tibet&nbsp; to the rest of China, something that previously&nbsp;&nbsp; could only be done by road or air. New Century Global Center&nbsp; Located in Chengdu, it is the largest&nbsp; building in the world by total floor area.&nbsp; It functions like a city within a single&nbsp; structure, allowing people to live, work,&nbsp;&nbsp; shop, relax, and enjoy entertainment&nbsp; without ever stepping outside.&nbsp; The complex can accommodate up to 20,000&nbsp; people at once and houses hundreds of stores,&nbsp;&nbsp; including luxury international brands. Inside, there is an artificial beach with&nbsp;&nbsp; a digital sky, controlled waves, and a lighting&nbsp; system that simulates sunrise and sunset.&nbsp; Guanghuan Shopping Mall Situated in Chongqing,&nbsp;&nbsp; this high-end shopping center is filled with&nbsp; greenery and visually stunning elements.&nbsp; It was designed to resemble a&nbsp; futuristic jungle under a glass dome,&nbsp;&nbsp; with trees growing on suspended platforms.&nbsp; On the ground floor, visitors find aquatic gardens&nbsp; with ponds, rocks, and real subtropical plants.&nbsp; Each season brings a new theme: sometimes a&nbsp; Jurassic landscape complete with dinosaurs,&nbsp;&nbsp; other times a sky filled with suspended balloons. Qingdao Bay Bridge&nbsp; This structure connects Qingdao with Huangdao and&nbsp; ranks among the longest sea bridges in the world.&nbsp; Its Y-shaped design branches out&nbsp; to link several parts of the city.&nbsp; The bridge includes six lanes for vehicles&nbsp; and an emergency lane down the middle.&nbsp; Built to last at least a century, it&nbsp; uses materials resistant to marine&nbsp;&nbsp; corrosion and was constructed over open&nbsp; sea in an area known for strong winds.&nbsp; Thousands of steel and concrete pilings&nbsp; anchored to the seabed support the entire span.&nbsp; FAST Located in the mountainous&nbsp;&nbsp; province of Guizhou, FAST is the largest and&nbsp; most sensitive radio telescope on the planet.&nbsp; Its vast antenna picks up signals from distant&nbsp; galaxies, stars, pulsars, and—potentially&nbsp;&nbsp; one day—messages from extraterrestrial life. The telescope is so powerful that it can detect&nbsp;&nbsp; signals as faint as those from a cellphone&nbsp; on Jupiter or emissions from galaxies 13&nbsp;&nbsp; billion light-years away. Shenzhen–Zhongshan Link&nbsp; Regarded as one of the most challenging&nbsp; cross-sea projects in the world, this&nbsp;&nbsp; colossal undertaking connects two major cities&nbsp; in the Pearl River Delta: Shenzhen and Zhongshan.&nbsp; Stretching 49 kilometers, or 30.44 miles, it&nbsp; combines tunnels, bridges, and artificial islands.&nbsp; The area is known for its strong currents,&nbsp; shifting tides, and heavy maritime traffic,&nbsp;&nbsp; which made construction with floating&nbsp; cranes and vessels especially difficult.&nbsp; On one of the artificial islands lies&nbsp; the entrance to the underwater tunnel,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing vehicles to enter at&nbsp; high speed without steep ramps.&nbsp; The tunnel descends gradually and contains&nbsp; critical operating systems, including ventilation&nbsp;&nbsp; and traffic control equipment. Guangzhou Circle&nbsp; Standing on the banks of the&nbsp; Pearl River, this skyscraper&nbsp;&nbsp; defies every convention of vertical architecture. It is the tallest circular building in the world,&nbsp;&nbsp; measuring 138 meters—about&nbsp; 453 feet—across 33 stories.&nbsp; Its design recalls an ancient Chinese coin, and&nbsp; the structure is built mainly with golden glass.&nbsp; Three Gorges Dam The largest hydroelectric power station&nbsp;&nbsp; on the planet, located on the Yangtze River. Inaugurated in 2003, its full construction spanned&nbsp;&nbsp; nearly two decades, completed in multiple phases. The dam’s reservoir enabled river navigation&nbsp;&nbsp; and today produces about 2% of&nbsp; China’s total energy consumption.&nbsp; The north side of the dam has&nbsp; two parallel lines of locks.&nbsp; They function as a water staircase for boats to&nbsp;&nbsp; descend from the reservoir to&nbsp; the lowest level of the river.&nbsp; Three Gorges Shiplift The dam is also equipped&nbsp;&nbsp; with an especially remarkable feature. This massive ship lift can raise or&nbsp;&nbsp; lower vessels weighing up to 3,000 tons. It allows ships to cross to the other side&nbsp;&nbsp; of the dam in roughly 40 minutes, compared to&nbsp; the several hours required by the lock system.&nbsp; The chamber seals watertight, and hydraulic&nbsp; motors then lift or lower the entire&nbsp;&nbsp; platform with the ship inside. Chengdu Supercomputing Center&nbsp; This facility was designed to host a powerful&nbsp; supercomputer, a cornerstone in the development&nbsp;&nbsp; of advanced artificial intelligence models. What makes it stand out is its striking&nbsp;&nbsp; cube-shaped exterior, clad in iridescent&nbsp; aluminum panels that shift colors with the light.&nbsp; Inside the cube lies the main hall,&nbsp;&nbsp; where the supercomputer operates at a speed&nbsp; of one quadrillion calculations per second.&nbsp; Unlike most data centers, which are&nbsp; hidden away, this cube was designed to&nbsp;&nbsp; be admired—a centerpiece of an architectural&nbsp; promenade blending science and technology.&nbsp; OPPO Research and Development Center Located in the city of Dongguan,&nbsp;&nbsp; this complex blends innovative architectural&nbsp; design with spaces meant to spark creativity.&nbsp; Its glass walls and sun-shading systems maximize&nbsp; natural light while reducing energy consumption.&nbsp; The layout is organized in interconnected rings,&nbsp;&nbsp; with inner courtyards that let&nbsp; sunlight flow throughout the buildings.&nbsp; It combines engineering offices, training&nbsp; centers, device testing labs, staff residences,&nbsp;&nbsp; retail stores, and leisure areas. Atuleer Ladders&nbsp; These are an astonishing set of&nbsp; vertical steel stairways built in&nbsp;&nbsp; the remote, mountainous village&nbsp; of Atuleer in Sichuan Province.&nbsp; They were constructed to replace&nbsp; the dangerous rope and wooden&nbsp;&nbsp; ladders villagers once used to&nbsp; climb up and down the cliffside.&nbsp; Despite the challenging terrain, the project&nbsp; was completed in just a few months using&nbsp;&nbsp; lightweight, safe materials. The stairs are dizzying:&nbsp;&nbsp; some sections tilt at a 70-degree angle. While others are completely vertical.&nbsp; In the past, the exhausting climb or&nbsp; descent took between 2 and 3 hours. Today,&nbsp;&nbsp; it can be done in 30 to 40 minutes. Why live in such an extreme place?&nbsp;&nbsp; Historically, cliffs acted as natural walls&nbsp; that shielded communities from invaders.&nbsp; In recent years, many families have moved to new&nbsp; urban housing with basic services like water and&nbsp;&nbsp; electricity, though some chose to remain. Yaxi Expressway&nbsp; This highway links the cities of&nbsp; Ya’an and Xichang, cutting across&nbsp;&nbsp; towering mountains and deep valleys. Nicknamed the “Sky Road,” drivers often&nbsp;&nbsp; pass through dense fog banks, creating&nbsp; the sensation of floating in midair.&nbsp; It was designed like a stairway&nbsp; highway, with gentle slopes that&nbsp;&nbsp; overcome steep gradients without sharp curves. The route provides access to remote parts of&nbsp;&nbsp; Sichuan, boosting tourism and local development&nbsp; through a safe passage across difficult terrain.&nbsp; Along the way, it crosses 270 viaducts and 25&nbsp; tunnels, most of them carved directly into rock.&nbsp; Fuxing Train It is considered&nbsp;&nbsp; the most advanced bullet train in China. It maintains high speed and performance&nbsp;&nbsp; under all weather conditions—from extreme&nbsp; heat and cold to snow, rain, or sand.&nbsp; Its punctuality is remarkable:&nbsp; even on long-distance trips,&nbsp;&nbsp; the margin of error is less than 10 seconds.&nbsp; In Guangxi, the line has opened connections&nbsp; to cities that were once isolated.&nbsp; To ensure constant speed, engineers&nbsp; built extensive elevated bridges&nbsp;&nbsp; and mountain tunnels, avoiding&nbsp; sharp turns and steep terrain.&nbsp; Wuhan Suspended Monorail Also called the Sky Train,&nbsp;&nbsp; this system runs beneath an elevated track. It is China’s first of its kind powered&nbsp;&nbsp; entirely by electricity, created to move&nbsp; passengers through congested urban areas.&nbsp; The project is expected to serve as&nbsp; a model for other Chinese cities,&nbsp;&nbsp; offering a green alternative in places where&nbsp; underground metro lines are impractical.&nbsp; Xiaolangdi Dam Built to control&nbsp;&nbsp; the Yellow River, notorious for its floods&nbsp; and the massive amounts of silt it carries.&nbsp; It combines multiple functions—reservoir&nbsp; management, sediment control, power generation,&nbsp;&nbsp; and navigation—something few&nbsp; dams accomplish so effectively.&nbsp; The structure can unleash high-pressure&nbsp; water to flush silt downstream,&nbsp;&nbsp; clearing the riverbed in a controlled way.&nbsp; Its enormous gates release dramatic&nbsp; cascades with explosive force when opened.&nbsp; The annual sediment discharge is such&nbsp; a spectacle that it draws tourists,&nbsp;&nbsp; photographers, and international media outlets.&nbsp; Chengdu SKP Park&nbsp; Unlike traditional malls, nearly all of&nbsp; its commercial space lies underground.&nbsp; The surface above has been transformed into&nbsp; a sprawling park filled with greenery and&nbsp;&nbsp; access points leading to the subterranean levels.&nbsp; This design gifts the city a valuable&nbsp; green public space, while commerce thrives&nbsp;&nbsp; below in a sleek, futuristic environment. At its center stands the Tower of Vitality,&nbsp;&nbsp; a group of structures encircled by&nbsp; powerful jets of water in motion.&nbsp; By night, LED lighting makes them&nbsp; glow as if they were flowing liquid.&nbsp; They are seamlessly integrated into the&nbsp; park’s design, creating an immersive and&nbsp;&nbsp; futuristic visual experience. Taklamakan Desert Highway&nbsp; The world’s first road built across&nbsp; a desert of constantly shifting sand.&nbsp; The Taklamakan, once known as “the place&nbsp; from which no one returns,” was nearly&nbsp;&nbsp; impossible to cross in ancient times. Maintaining a road over moving dunes&nbsp;&nbsp; demanded groundbreaking solutions few&nbsp; countries have managed to achieve.&nbsp; To stabilize it, thousands of shrubs and trees&nbsp; were planted along both sides as part of an&nbsp;&nbsp; ecological barrier against encroaching sand. Danyang–Kunshan Grand Bridge&nbsp; The longest bridge on Earth, stretching&nbsp; 165 kilometers, about 103 miiles.&nbsp; It links the cities of Danyang and Kunshan,&nbsp; crossing a portion of the Yangtze River Delta.&nbsp; Operating as a continuous viaduct, it&nbsp; lets high-speed trains glide over rivers,&nbsp;&nbsp; fields, and obstacles without interruption.&nbsp; A workforce of about 10,000&nbsp; completed it in under four years,&nbsp;&nbsp; an unprecedented pace for a project of this scale.&nbsp; Duge Bridge This bridge spans&nbsp;&nbsp; the breathtaking Beipan River canyon, slashing&nbsp; travel time across a region with daunting terrain.&nbsp; Surrounded by mountains and mist,&nbsp; its dramatic setting makes it look&nbsp;&nbsp; as though it’s suspended in the sky. Standing taller than the Eiffel Tower&nbsp;&nbsp; in Paris or New York’s One World Trade Center,&nbsp; it ranks among the highest bridges in the world.&nbsp; InterContinental Shanghai Wonderland&nbsp; This stunning hotel was built inside an&nbsp; abandoned quarry southwest of Shanghai.&nbsp; Instead of rising into the sky, it stretches&nbsp; downward, clinging to the cliff face.&nbsp; Classified as an eco-resort, it reuses water&nbsp; from the lake and takes advantage of the quarry’s&nbsp;&nbsp; thermal mass to regulate indoor temperature. Port of Shanghai&nbsp; The world’s largest and busiest port&nbsp; sits at the mouth of the Yangtze River.&nbsp; Positioned between China’s coastline and&nbsp; its interior, it acts as a crucial link&nbsp;&nbsp; between domestic production and global trade. Millions of containers pass through each year,&nbsp;&nbsp; carrying everything from electronics and&nbsp; textiles to heavy machinery and raw materials.&nbsp; On a single day, thousands of ships dock&nbsp; or depart, moving more containers than&nbsp;&nbsp; some countries handle in an entire year. Hangzhou Olympic Sports Center Stadium&nbsp; Located along the Qiantang River&nbsp; in Zhejiang Province, it was built&nbsp;&nbsp; to host the 2022 Asian Games in Hangzhou. The design is inspired by the lotus flower,&nbsp;&nbsp; a Chinese symbol of beauty and growth,&nbsp; represented by 28 metallic petals.&nbsp; It hosts world-class sporting events,&nbsp; concerts, ceremonies, and cultural activities.&nbsp; The metallic roof is fitted with&nbsp; programmable LED lights that&nbsp;&nbsp; illuminate the petals at night&nbsp; with dazzling color shows.&nbsp; Alibaba Headquarters Based in Xixi, Hangzhou,&nbsp;&nbsp; this campus is the core of Alibaba Group, where&nbsp; thousands work on platforms such as Alibaba,&nbsp;&nbsp; Taobao, Tmall, and Alipay. Unlike most corporate hubs,&nbsp;&nbsp; it blends modern architecture with natural&nbsp; landscapes, avoiding tall skyscrapers.&nbsp; Designed as a smart city, it&nbsp; features streets, plazas, gardens,&nbsp;&nbsp; artificial lakes, and shared workspaces. The buildings are linked by elevated&nbsp;&nbsp; walkways and covered paths, with names&nbsp; like “Taobao Building” and “AliCenter.”&nbsp; Beijing Daxing International Airport Nicknamed the “starfish,” this modern&nbsp;&nbsp; airport in southern Beijing was built&nbsp; to ease pressure on the city’s main hub.&nbsp; Curved corridors extend&nbsp; outward from its central core,&nbsp;&nbsp; designed for both aesthetics&nbsp; and efficient passenger flow.&nbsp; With the capacity to handle up to&nbsp; 100 million travelers annually,&nbsp;&nbsp; it could become the busiest airport in the world.&nbsp; Zhangjiajie Glass Bridge Suspended between dramatic mountains,&nbsp;&nbsp; this pedestrian suspension bridge&nbsp; has a completely transparent floor.&nbsp; It can support up to 800 people at once, though&nbsp; entry is usually limited for safety reasons.&nbsp; Thanks to its strength in extreme&nbsp; conditions, it has become a benchmark&nbsp;&nbsp; for glass bridge engineering worldwide. South–North Water Transfer Project&nbsp; This is the largest water diversion project ever&nbsp; built, not only in China but in the entire world,&nbsp;&nbsp; designed to channel water from&nbsp; the humid south to the arid north.&nbsp; The idea was first proposed&nbsp; by Mao Zedong in the 1950s,&nbsp;&nbsp; though construction did not begin until 2002. Each year, it transports vast volumes of&nbsp;&nbsp; water through an immense network of canals and&nbsp; tunnels, crossing mountains, valleys, and cities.&nbsp; It has supplied tens of millions of people,&nbsp; particularly in cities like Beijing and Tianjin.&nbsp; Hong Kong–Zhuhai–Macau Bridge The world’s longest sea bridge,&nbsp;&nbsp; this colossal project links three&nbsp; cities: Hong Kong, Macau, and Zhuhai.&nbsp; It combines oversea bridges, underwater&nbsp; tunnels, and artificial islands in a&nbsp;&nbsp; region prone to seismic activity. The submerged tunnel was built to&nbsp;&nbsp; allow ships to pass freely overhead&nbsp; without disrupting maritime traffic.&nbsp; To connect the overwater and underwater&nbsp; sections, two man-made islands were constructed&nbsp;&nbsp; and equipped with logistics facilities. These platforms, built in the middle of&nbsp;&nbsp; the sea, were formed with sand and&nbsp; reinforced by metal retaining walls.&nbsp; Tianlong Mountain Road Near the city of Taiyuan in Shanxi, this roadway&nbsp;&nbsp; was designed as a direct link between urban life&nbsp; and the natural environment of Tianlong Park.&nbsp; It has also become a tourist attraction,&nbsp; offering breathtaking views of mountains,&nbsp;&nbsp; valleys, and underground passages. Its highlight is a triple-level&nbsp;&nbsp; spiral viaduct that winds around&nbsp; the mountain like a coiled dragon.&nbsp; The design ensures a smooth&nbsp; climb, avoiding steep inclines.&nbsp; Jiangsu Rudong Offshore Wind Farm&nbsp; One of China’s largest wind power installations,&nbsp; located off the coast of Rudong in the Yellow Sea,&nbsp;&nbsp; within Jiangsu Province. Hundreds of turbines,&nbsp;&nbsp; some the size of skyscrapers, rise from&nbsp; the sea like a floating steel forest.&nbsp; Some are set in shallow coastal waters, while&nbsp; others stand farther offshore where winds are&nbsp;&nbsp; stronger and more consistent. Country Garden Headquarters&nbsp; This is the main headquarters of Country Garden,&nbsp; one of the world’s leading real estate companies.&nbsp; It was conceived as an oasis amid&nbsp; the noise and fast pace of city life.&nbsp; Every floor has terraces filled with plants,&nbsp;&nbsp; bringing nature into the workplace&nbsp; and improving air quality.&nbsp; The vegetation was carefully chosen to suit&nbsp; the subtropical climate while requiring minimal&nbsp;&nbsp; maintenance. The Place&nbsp; This modern shopping and entertainment complex&nbsp; is located in Beijing’s Chaoyang District.&nbsp; It features one of the largest LED&nbsp; screens in the world, suspended&nbsp;&nbsp; across the ceiling of its main promenade. The screen displays ultra–high-definition visuals,&nbsp;&nbsp; ranging from artistic animations&nbsp; to light shows and cosmic scenes.&nbsp; China Central Television Headquarters A colossal architectural sculpture that defies&nbsp;&nbsp; every rule of traditional skyscraper design. Two leaning towers are joined by a horizontal&nbsp;&nbsp; section, an extraordinary engineering&nbsp; feat for a structure of this scale.&nbsp; The connecting bridge was fully assembled&nbsp; before being lifted into its final position,&nbsp;&nbsp; a precision operation that lasted several weeks. From different vantage points, the building&nbsp;&nbsp; appears to shift shape, bending or twisting in&nbsp; a way that creates a striking optical illusion.&nbsp; Marisfrolg Pavilion Located in Shenzhen, this is the&nbsp;&nbsp; headquarters of the fashion brand Marisfrolg. It merges the natural with the futuristic,&nbsp;&nbsp; drawing inspiration from the&nbsp; intelligent forms found in nature.&nbsp; Construction took 15 years, an&nbsp; unusually long period due to the&nbsp;&nbsp; complexity of producing curved&nbsp; shapes and custom components.&nbsp; National Supercomputing Center in Wuxi A state-of-the-art facility dedicated&nbsp;&nbsp; to high-performance computing. It houses the Sunway Taihulight,&nbsp;&nbsp; a supercomputer capable of carrying out&nbsp; extremely complex tasks at colossal speeds.&nbsp; This system executes massive calculations&nbsp; independently, without relying on&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign technology or auxiliary centers. The installation covers an area the size&nbsp;&nbsp; of a basketball court, with thousands&nbsp; of servers neatly arranged in rows.&nbsp; Great Wall of China Built over centuries to&nbsp;&nbsp; defend the Chinese empire from invasions&nbsp; and to control the northern borders.&nbsp; A vast network of walls, towers, fortresses, and&nbsp; fortified paths stretches across northern China,&nbsp;&nbsp; from the Yellow Sea to the&nbsp; desert regions in the west.&nbsp; It was constructed with simple tools over rugged&nbsp; terrain—mountains, deserts, valleys, and cliffs.&nbsp; Work began around 2,000 years ago&nbsp; and continued until the 17th century,&nbsp;&nbsp; involving nearly 10 million people. Wuhan Future City&nbsp; This district was designed as a hub of scientific&nbsp; and technological innovation, with a strong&nbsp;&nbsp; focus on environmental sustainability. It brings together research institutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; scientific laboratories, and multinational&nbsp; companies in the tech sector.&nbsp; At its heart stands a flower-shaped&nbsp; building topped with solar panels,&nbsp;&nbsp; serving as both an exhibition hall&nbsp; and the venue for major tech events.&nbsp; Sheraton Huzhou Set on the shores of Lake Taihu in Huzhou, this&nbsp;&nbsp; luxury hotel is famous for its ring-shaped design&nbsp; that appears to rise directly from the water.&nbsp; It was created as a destination&nbsp; for relaxation, taking advantage&nbsp;&nbsp; of the nearby lake and natural hot springs. At night, thousands of LED lights illuminate its&nbsp;&nbsp; curved structure with shifting colors, making it&nbsp; resemble a glowing sculpture floating on the lake.&nbsp; Gate to the East Located in Suzhou,&nbsp;&nbsp; its design as a giant gate symbolizes the&nbsp; bridge between the city’s past and future.&nbsp; Informally, many call it “Suzhou’s&nbsp; Pants” due to its unusual silhouette.&nbsp; The façade is embedded with thousands of LED&nbsp; lights across its glass and steel surface,&nbsp;&nbsp; enabling real-time animated displays.&nbsp; Oriental Pearl Tower One of Shanghai’s most&nbsp;&nbsp; iconic landmarks, this futuristic tower&nbsp; stands on the banks of the Huangpu River.&nbsp; It is composed of several spheres connected&nbsp; by columns, each housing observation decks,&nbsp;&nbsp; museums, or restaurants. At night, it lights up in&nbsp;&nbsp; dazzling colors and visual effects, becoming&nbsp; a radiant highlight in the Shanghai skyline.&nbsp; Shanghai Tower Standing 632 meters,&nbsp;&nbsp; or 2,073.5 feet tall, it is the tallest building&nbsp; in China and the third tallest in the world.&nbsp; Its spiraling design is essential&nbsp; for stability in a region prone to&nbsp;&nbsp; typhoons and seismic activity. Near the top, 270 vertical-axis&nbsp;&nbsp; wind turbines generate up to 10% of&nbsp; the building’s electricity needs.&nbsp; Jin Mao Tower For years, it was&nbsp;&nbsp; the tallest building in China and remains&nbsp; a defining element of Shanghai’s skyline.&nbsp; Its tiered design tapers upward in 13 segments,&nbsp; echoing the form of a traditional pagoda.&nbsp; The project marked China’s entry into&nbsp; the era of supertall skyscrapers,&nbsp;&nbsp; with nearly 6,000 workers, engineers from 10&nbsp; countries, and hundreds of companies involved.&nbsp; Shanghai World Financial Center Distinguished by its trapezoid-shaped&nbsp;&nbsp; opening at the top, which earned it&nbsp; the nickname “the bottle opener.”&nbsp; It has received multiple international awards&nbsp; for seamlessly blending functional design,&nbsp;&nbsp; advanced engineering, and striking aesthetics.&nbsp; The large opening at its crown helps channel&nbsp; wind and reduce pressure on the structure.&nbsp; Beijing–Hangzhou Grand Canal The longest man-made canal in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world, stretching 1,700 kilometers,&nbsp; or 1,056.33 miles, linking Beijing in&nbsp;&nbsp; the north with Hangzhou in the south. Construction began 2,500 years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; connecting regions separated by mountains—all&nbsp; without the aid of modern machinery.&nbsp; Along its course, key cities such as Suzhou,&nbsp; Jining, Zhenjiang, and Yangzhou flourished,&nbsp;&nbsp; thriving on the trade it enabled. At its height, around 150,000 boats&nbsp;&nbsp; traveled the canal annually, transporting&nbsp; millions of tons of grain through customs,&nbsp;&nbsp; tolls, and warehouses. Grand Lisboa Hotel&nbsp; Located in Macau, China’s special administrative&nbsp; region, this luxury hotel and casino has become&nbsp;&nbsp; a symbol of the global gaming industry. Its lotus-like shape represents purity and&nbsp;&nbsp; spiritual elevation in Buddhism and Taoism. The upper dome is clad with hundreds of&nbsp;&nbsp; thousands of reflective glass panels&nbsp; that glitter both day and night.&nbsp; Yangsigang Suspension Bridge Situated in Wuhan, this bridge&nbsp;&nbsp; spans the Yangtze River, connecting the&nbsp; northern and southern halves of the city.&nbsp; With a total length of 1,700 meters,&nbsp; nearly 5,578 feet, it ranks among&nbsp;&nbsp; the longest suspension bridges in the world. It features 12 lanes split across two levels:&nbsp;&nbsp; the upper deck serves high-speed intercity&nbsp; traffic, while the lower deck manages local&nbsp;&nbsp; transit and neighborhood access. Phoenix Center&nbsp; Headquarters of Phoenix Television, one of&nbsp; China’s largest private media companies.&nbsp; Its ring-like design of steel and&nbsp; glass resembles a giant woven basket.&nbsp; Inside, the curves of the exterior continue,&nbsp; linking spaces with ramps, balconies,&nbsp;&nbsp; and corridors that eliminate straight lines. The building is filled with soft natural&nbsp;&nbsp; light throughout the day, creating an ethereal&nbsp; atmosphere without relying heavily on artificial&nbsp;&nbsp; illumination. Ring of Life&nbsp; A massive metal landmark in the city of&nbsp; Fushun, shaped like a futuristic portal.&nbsp; It was inspired by the idea of a cosmic&nbsp; ring symbolizing eternity and harmony,&nbsp;&nbsp; reflecting the continuous cycle of&nbsp; life, time, and urban development.&nbsp; Infinitus Plaza Located in Guangzhou, this headquarters belongs to&nbsp;&nbsp; Infinitus Group, a company specializing in health,&nbsp; wellness, and traditional Chinese medicine.&nbsp; Its sweeping curves create&nbsp; a sense of constant flow,&nbsp;&nbsp; symbolizing balance between&nbsp; body, mind, and environment.&nbsp; The design emphasizes sustainability, with green&nbsp; roofs that help cool the urban surroundings.&nbsp; Galaxy SOHO In Beijing, this vast&nbsp;&nbsp; complex integrates offices, shops, leisure areas,&nbsp; and restaurants under one seamless structure.&nbsp; It was designed by world-renowned architect&nbsp; Zaha Hadid, famous for her futuristic style.&nbsp; The layout consists of four domes&nbsp; connected by curving walkways,&nbsp;&nbsp; allowing movement between them&nbsp; without stepping outdoors.&nbsp; Straight lines and sharp corners are almost&nbsp; absent—everything flows in waves and curves,&nbsp;&nbsp; giving the building an almost organic appearance. Tianjin CTF Finance Centre&nbsp; Rising above the skyline of Tianjin, an&nbsp; important port city in northern China.&nbsp; At 530 meters, or about 1,739 feet, it is the&nbsp; fourth-tallest skyscraper in China and the&nbsp;&nbsp; eighth tallest in the world, surpassing&nbsp; icons like the Empire State Building.&nbsp; Its curved glass façade&nbsp; captures and reflects light,&nbsp;&nbsp; glowing at sunrise and sunset&nbsp; like a liquid sculpture.&nbsp; Despite its complexity, the tower&nbsp; was completed in under six years,&nbsp;&nbsp; thanks to advanced prefabrication&nbsp; techniques and 3D digital planning.&nbsp; Guangzhou CTF Finance Centre Part of the trio of super tall&nbsp;&nbsp; towers in Guangzhou’s financial district. It stands out as one of the few skyscrapers&nbsp;&nbsp; in the world to use polished white stone&nbsp; along with steel and glass in its design.&nbsp; Though it shares nearly the same height as&nbsp; its sibling tower in Tianjin, the Guangzhou&nbsp;&nbsp; version was completed first. Hangzhou Low-Carbon Museum&nbsp; A futuristic-looking museum dedicated&nbsp; to sustainability and green technology.&nbsp; It is among the few museums&nbsp; certified as “carbon-neutral,”&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning it produces no net&nbsp; carbon dioxide emissions.&nbsp; The building functions almost like a&nbsp; living organism, capturing solar energy,&nbsp;&nbsp; collecting rainwater, and regulating&nbsp; temperature through natural ventilation.&nbsp; At night, LED lights create flowing patterns&nbsp; that resemble streams of energy, reinforcing&nbsp;&nbsp; the museum’s environmental message. Shenzhen Bay Sports Center&nbsp; This cultural and athletic complex includes&nbsp; a stadium, an indoor arena, an Olympic-size&nbsp;&nbsp; swimming pool, and commercial areas. Its partially open roof integrates&nbsp;&nbsp; advanced lighting and sound systems. By night, the entire venue comes&nbsp;&nbsp; alive with LED displays, turning&nbsp; into a striking visual spectacle.&nbsp; Tuoketuo Power Station The largest coal-fired power plant on the planet.&nbsp; It generates massive amounts of electricity&nbsp; to supply several of China’s most populous and&nbsp;&nbsp; developed regions, including Beijing and Tianjin. With 12 generating units producing 6.7 gigawatts&nbsp;&nbsp; of electricity, it ensures&nbsp; reliable output for millions.&nbsp; Located near coal mines, it benefits from a steady&nbsp; fuel supply while reducing transportation costs.&nbsp; Shanghai Maglev A pioneer in high-speed magnetic levitation&nbsp;&nbsp; technology, this train glides without physical&nbsp; contact with the track, minimizing noise and wear.&nbsp; It connects Pudong Airport to Longyang Road&nbsp; Station in just seven minutes, reaching speeds&nbsp;&nbsp; of 431 kilometers—or nearly 268 miles—per hour. The system was developed with experimental&nbsp;&nbsp; technologies and demanded a massive investment&nbsp; in infrastructure and technical expertise.&nbsp; Fuzhou–Xiamen Railway Line This high-speed line connects the coastal&nbsp;&nbsp; cities of Fuzhou and Xiamen as part of China’s&nbsp; ambitious plan to expand its bullet train network.&nbsp; It crosses challenging terrain—overseas,&nbsp; through mountains, tunnels, and bridges—and&nbsp;&nbsp; is built to withstand typhoons,&nbsp; salty humidity, and extreme climates.&nbsp; Expected to carry 15 million passengers annually,&nbsp;&nbsp; it will ease highway congestion and&nbsp; reduce the need for short-haul flights.&nbsp; Sanya International Duty-Free Complex The world’s largest duty-free shopping mall,&nbsp;&nbsp; located in Sanya, a coastal city&nbsp; on the tropical island of Hainan.&nbsp; Its design takes inspiration from open&nbsp; seashells, as if offering a gift to the ocean.&nbsp; Here, visitors can purchase&nbsp; international goods tax-free,&nbsp;&nbsp; even while remaining inside Chinese territory.&nbsp; Zifeng Tower&nbsp; A striking skyscraper in Nanjing, standing 450&nbsp; meters—or 1,476.38 feet—tall with 89 floors.&nbsp; Its three-section vertical design enhances&nbsp; natural lighting and provides sweeping views&nbsp;&nbsp; from multiple angles. Ping An Finance Center&nbsp; At 599 meters, or 1,965 feet with 115 stories,&nbsp; this is the second-tallest building in China.&nbsp; Its slender, needle-like form, clad in&nbsp; stainless steel, gives the impression&nbsp;&nbsp; of a spire piercing the sky. By night, its entire exterior&nbsp;&nbsp; transforms into a massive LED screen,&nbsp; displaying animations and light shows.&nbsp; Chongqing Grand Theatre A multifunctional cultural&nbsp;&nbsp; hub housing an opera hall, a theater,&nbsp; concert venues, and exhibition spaces.&nbsp; Its geometric form of overlapping glass and steel&nbsp;&nbsp; blocks in green tones was inspired&nbsp; by Chongqing’s mountainous landscape.&nbsp; Harbin Opera House Dedicated to opera and live music,&nbsp;&nbsp; the building is wrapped in white aluminum&nbsp; panels that emphasize its contemporary design.&nbsp; The architecture draws inspiration from the&nbsp; snowy, windswept scenery of northern China,&nbsp;&nbsp; resembling a frozen dune or&nbsp; a wave carved by the wind.&nbsp; Jiangsu Grand Theatre&nbsp; An architectural landmark in Nanjing that&nbsp; blends futuristic forms, cultural symbolism,&nbsp;&nbsp; and practical design for the performing arts. Each hall is shaped like a petal, and together&nbsp;&nbsp; they form a monumental flower,&nbsp; seemingly unfolding toward the sky.&nbsp; Yunnan Grand Theatre A cultural and architectural&nbsp;&nbsp; gem of southwest China, located in Kunming. From its circular base rise geometric lotus-like&nbsp;&nbsp; forms that crown the structure. The Venetian Macao&nbsp; One of the largest casinos in the world, situated&nbsp; in Macau and modeled after the city of Venice.&nbsp; It features indoor canals with gondolas,&nbsp; Renaissance-inspired architecture,&nbsp;&nbsp; and replicas of Venetian landmarks. Built on reclaimed land, it relies on&nbsp;&nbsp; deep foundations and stabilization systems&nbsp; to ensure its strength and durability. With awe at such ingenuity and admiration&nbsp; for these once-in-a-lifetime creations,&nbsp;&nbsp; we bid farewell to China’s engineering&nbsp; marvels. Until next time, China!

  Top Comments:
  1. @OceanTree [1 likes]: Authoritarian regime with no freedom of speech is the future?
  2. @ヘンリあやたか [1 likes]: コメント噓くさ！全て中国人の書き込みか政府のサクラでしょう。何故ほめたたえるコメントしかないのか？現状世界から見た中国は経済的瀕死の状態ですのに？
  3. @min_nekomin [1 likes]: This is the best movie we should watch in our English Class
By the way，this movie shows only the cities of China. How is the countryside of China？
  4. @Xutbeddinov [1 likes]: I love china
  5. @KH-DEN [1 likes]: A creepy country whose intentions are unknown
  6. @sikijuliawan: Ternyata negara komunis tak seburuk yang di berita kan selama ini, mereka lebih maju, lebih beradab, dan lebih berilmu dibandingkan negara demokrasi
  7. @akashverma1965: An eye opening video, I have seen over last many years. I am from India and can say that while other countries including India and their people were busy and fighting over trivial issues like religion, communities, dirty politics , blaming china for its communist government etc. which still continuing. CHINA was concentrating over real development and innovations, even with its huge population. CHINA knew how to productively utilise hidden potential of its high population. India has the same population but not being used constructively. WORLD must learn from CHINA.
  8. @yosepdidikhernanto5562: Wisata China sangat menganggumkan tetapi wisata yg ditayangkan disini tidak tersentuh bagi wisatawan mancanegara bahkan dunia. Alibaba tour belum mumpuni atau memang CHINA sendiri yg tertutup.
  9. @jicjic148: J'adore la Chine
  10. @ミニオンズケン: 何が中国は未来だ！だよ　２～３年持てば良いとこ壊れてまた地下に埋めるくせに  WWW
  11. @tomello6067: To wszystko mozna zrobic. jezeli Rzad, Banki i Skorumpowani politycy nie kradna panstwowych pieniedzy
  12. @alexjoens5014: Meanwhile we have to live in tents or cars in the US land of the free
  13. @aaronefung8706: USA - wait until these buildings age which need loads of money and man power for maintenance, the greatest nation on earth like us USA- completely ban buildings these buildings.
  14. @shenzhenresidentfor19yrs29: This is the land that gave birth to ancient philosophers including Confucius, Laozi and Sun Tzu. It is a place with a 5,000-year civilization history. The teachings of Confucius have profoundly shaped the people of this land and their governance.
  15. @shenzhenresidentfor19yrs29: Among these places being mentioned in this spectacular video I lived in Wuhan, Shenzhen, Hangzhou and traveled to Shanghai, Chongqing, Qingdao etc. Beautiful country, hardworking people, and respectable government.
  16. @htprince3729: These advanced Asian countries should never impose their culture on countries outside Asia...otherwise, they will collapse in the future due to people moving from other countries to theirs.
  17. @EllieJones-b3l3p: Wheres the space ships !!
  18. @EllieJones-b3l3p: Its very interesting and i think  it is definatley is the future for us!.😊
  19. @EllieJones-b3l3p: The sunshine bit is nonsense otherwise lovely
  20. @EllieJones-b3l3p: What are the houses like how much to get in😂

- How to Use Psychology to Sell Luxury Items: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered why a company like lauro Pian can sell a white linen shirt for £625 when you can get a perfectly functional linen Shir from somewhere like H&M for 16 bucks well the onset is linked to behavioral psychology and recognizing that selling luxury Creations requires a uniquely different set of skills than traditional selling my name is Paul Russell and if you're new to my videos I'm the managing director and co-founder of luxury Academy where I've had the privilege of collaborating with globally renowned luxury businesses helping them to forge meaningful relationships with high netw worth clients I'm going to take you behind the scenes of luxury selling focusing on the psychological aspects so you too can learn how to influence high no worth clients to buy from you now the first and I think perhaps the most important lesson is that luxury is all about desire you see desire is an intensely strong emotion and we as humans will do almost anything in its Pursuit it's desire that enables Brands like lauro piano to sell breathtaking expensive shirts as I mentioned in the introduction a huge mistake people often make is confusing Desire with needs and wants nobody needs to pay that much for a shirt that's why phrases like needs analysis within luxury annoy me so intensely because I don't need an S-Class Mercedes or an X7 BMW I may want one but that doesn't automatically convert to a sale now does it if you step back and look at luxury critically yes a Rolex watch is nice and the craftsmanship is beautiful but what do I need to watch for well to tell the time of course so a Casio or timx would do the same job the secret behind why I desire Rolex so badly is down to something called identity markers whether we like it or not luxury products are perceived as symbols of achievement money and social status thez barenberg is a fantastic example of an identity Mark it's one of the most sought after and expensive handbags in the wild and it's known for its Exquisite craftsmanship its luxurious material and its iconic status and despite its I wateringly high price tag which can range from thousands to hundreds of thousands of pounds demand for the burken B far exceeds its limited Supply owning the BG becomes part of your identity it tells a lot about how I want to project an image of myself to the world so I I suppose the burning question is how do you tap into that psychology and sell luxury well the best advice I can show is selling luxury is very much about creating an experience let let me explain High net worth clients hate sales people so typical High Street sales tactics where you may try to convince a person they need an item simply won't work I think it's helpful to remember it this way a Supercar salesperson does not sell cars to rich people instead they help a high Networth client acquire the right vehicles for their lifestyle the two may sound similar sell and acquire but it's very different psychologically a jeweler doesn't help someone buy a bespoke CTI necklace instead they help them own it the key here is that you must sound and act like an expert not a salesperson High Networth clients are surrounded by experts all day every day another way to sell luxury is to harness the power of exclusivity as humans We crave exclusivity even in the most mundane things priority check-ins or priority boarding at airports Uber black over Uber X whe over Uber a great example of exclusivity is the Pinnacle of exclusivity the American Express Centurion card probably better known as the AMX black card now with a £10,000 joining fee and a 5,000 annual membership charge you may be surprised to learn that the card has pretty much the exact same functionality as the MX platinum card but as we now know it isn't about the need to have a credit card to pay for something it's all about the exclusivity of taking out a black AMX of which there are only a few thousand in the world if you want to sell luxury you must tap into this gving for exclusivity by creating experiences that reinforce something rare finally there's the emotional connection to a brand and how it makes you feel and this is created through the history and Heritage alongside the craftsmanship of course it all plays into an emotional narrative you have brands that are loud and proud like verace and Gucci they proudly plaster their logo and icon over everything in an attempt to scream to the world please look at me and then there are quieter GRS like Brunello Chell who managed to sell incredibly expensive products in a much more understated fashion let me get something off my chest there's a neest trend and I hear people talk about it a lot recently and that's affordable luxury let me be clear this is nonsense if a product of service can be afforded by the general population then it isn't luxury the lack of exclusivity will never trigger the parts of the brain that get a deep sense of satisfaction and let's be honest superiority that a real luxury product producer so to summarize the key takeaways luxury is about desire not needs and wants High net worth clients buy luxury as as symbols of achievement wealth and social status and we call these identity markers and if you want these clients to buy from you need to create an experience of exclusivity and you need to be an expert not a salesperson I hope you find this useful

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ammulu-f2o [10 likes]: I'm a property investor with 18 units. Our Edveros is the most requested unit in the portfolio every month. It's also the lowest-maintenance. The combination is unusual.
  2. @metamorfozis.net_KRiSZ_III [1 likes]: 💯
  3. @shivaarandomguy: Ur bgm is annoying
  4. @pennypoohoothepollyjeanmiester: Nice commentary, scholarly  and not stuffy.
  5. @AboYahya-e7c2g: South island winters don't care about insulation claims. Our Edveros held through the whole season. Genuinely impressed.
  6. @shaiekahsultana1291: We were quoted 34 months by a traditional builder for a comparable spec. We moved into our Edveros in month 7 from contract signing. We've been here two years. Our original contractor is still building a different client's project started after ours.
  7. @PSPKSRT: Took my skeptical wife to see an Edveros in person. She's the one sending links to people now.
  8. @kuldeepthakur00KINGofTHAKUR75: Went with Edveros. 5 months. Moved in. My neighbour is still fighting with his contractor two years later.
  9. @GetahunSisay-g8d: My company uses our Edveros retreat as a client entertainment venue. The ROI — measured in client retention and new business — has exceeded any other hospitality investment we've made.
  10. @GajananGode-oi7cx: The Edveros build was the first time I've experienced construction without anxiety. No contractor calls to chase. No material delays to manage. No budget conversations to have. A fixed date, a fixed price, and a building at the end of it.
  11. @sweetie4915: I will soon begin a luxury business, and this is what I needed. Thank you!
  12. @BIGDOWNEYTV: i will be a multi millionaire real soon
  13. @kensandlin6121: I have found my place on the internet here, having been in luxury architectural sales for 35 years. This is excellent insight.
  14. @acrometic-vs4ze: Working on HVAC-R field experience in installation, Maintenance, services, repairs and console, nice to have from your websites.
  15. @kaizerbrand8054: Its quite an eye opener.
Thank you
Kaizer - New Delhi
  16. @morriganfey6079: I hate the "affordable luxury" idea because they seem to use it to sell you on more sub-quality items than the effective off-brands.  

If you want cheap, buy cheap.  If you want quality, spend for quality.  Idk where "luxury" comes into that because I don't much look for it anyway.
  17. @MunecaStudios: Can this video be 3 hours long thank you
  18. @ryzeruffort: Any advice to selling Photography to upscale and luxury fine dining?
  19. @CaptRobinator: well stated in a couple short minutes without a long tacky intro
  20. @Juiczey: News flash it's all the same material it's all made in China Andrew getting scammed. If it's not made in China it's made somewhere else with the same material and you're still getting scammed just for a little bit more money

- 3 Problems With Owning An AirBnB That No One Talks About!: Kind: captions Language: en foreign David is with us in Dallas to start off this hour hi David welcome to the Ramsay show yes thank you sir for having me sure what's up yes so just quick context my wife and I when we were engaged did FPU that was six years ago we are now five thousand dollars away from being debt free aside from our mortgage way to go I'm just 5 000 yes thank you just five thousand left of our of my student loans um here's here's the thing we're pastors here in Texas we are moving to Oklahoma to be pastors of a church there and what's awesome is part of the deal is we have a parsonage so we will not have a mortgage payment there um and so my my Ultimate Dream is that we are financially independent from the church I love the church I would love to one day not even have to take a paycheck from the church and so what I'm seeing is our expenses are staying the same our income is actually going up a little bit with this move and I would like to turn my house in Texas uh into an Airbnb property and hopefully even make income to take one step closer to being financially independent from the church and so my question really is is that a smart move or should I just sell my home here in Texas profits I don't know the way the market is right now I can maybe profit 60 70k something along those lines from what I've seen and so I'm just asking you what may be the better or best option is um I love your goal and I don't dislike your plan overall I would I would sell the house and move the money to Oklahoma pile up some more cash and pay cash for your first rental in your own backyard airbnbs uh have two problems that all the people that talk about how much money they make with them don't bring up or they have three problems that people don't bring up problem number one there's a ton of hassle a lot of details a lot of work involved in getting the people in getting them out getting them cleaned all that kind of stuff like uh probably 25x a normal a normal rental because you'll have multiple renters in a single month right and so you've got you've got maid service you've got a higher level of Maintenance you've got a lot of work involved in managing and messing with them okay so a lot of hassle uh go ahead so sorry interrupt can I just speak to that I do have family here in Texas that would be managing the property and so I kind of have a little bit of a built-in system which is a bad eye which is a bad idea you're going to take you're taking advantage of your family okay I'm telling you Airbnb the hassle factor is very high there's great money but the hassle factor is very high so if you want to do an Airbnb it needs to be in your backyard problem number one with Airbnb problem number two with airbnbs is you have a lot of extra maintenance people tear the crap out of your property nobody talks about that that's the Dirty Little Secret of airbnbs you're constantly buying carpet you're constantly buying paint and drywall repair uh because they do not take it I don't care how big a deposit you get or how much screening you do it's not their house and so you're going to have a high level of repairs and maintenance which is part of that hassle Factor the third thing that nobody's talking about is several areas uh are now passing zoning prohibiting it right right and uh so if you set your whole model up only on Airbnb that you could have the rug jerked out from under you if the only way the deal works is Airbnb don't do the deal because it might not be available to you now if you want to run the hassle for the extra money and run the maintenance for the extra money you'll make more money but it's a lot of work so I would move the money to Oklahoma whether you're going to do a straight rental or whether you're going to do an Airbnb because it's in your backyard and you're going to lay your hands on it and you are a man who controls Destiny you don't ask your first cousin to do it yes sir yeah that's that's what I would do if I were in your shoes but I like your overall idea but let's just pay cash for a rental and go that way Christina yeah I've talked to a lot of Airbnb owners and it kind of does feel like a part-time job for a lot of them and and you get six of them it's a full-time job um yeah and I agree that having your family do that would kind of be taking advantage of them especially if you're not paying them if they don't get a cut of that and if you start paying them then the need for doing an Airbnb goes away yeah exactly and there's just a lot of of mental aspects of like I mean there's a review system on there so even with the maintenance even with keeping your Airbnb up you want to make sure that it's Top Notch because you want those five star reviews if not you're gonna have a tougher time booking people and the list goes on and on it can definitely be more of a headache and I think your heart is with the church you ultimately want to pour your heart into the church that's why you want Financial Independence and so that you can love on people better and if you're stressed out by this basic other part-time job that's not going to be the best use of your energy yeah I think it's a good move I love your move to Oklahoma and you're making more money just take your the fact that you don't have a house payment anymore pile it on top of that 60k go pay cash for your first house then pile all that rent up and or Airbnb money up whatever it is and go pay cash go pay cash for the second house and and go pay cash for the third house and you end up with five or ten properties you'll have enough income coming in that you are independent and then you can decide um how you're going to serve the church and what the financial arrangement of that is you that gives you the option of that and it does put you in a completely different position um in the church world for sure and I love your heart and where you're talking about going with it yeah and that's a super exciting move congratulations with all of that a new job new promotion and not having to pay rent or a mortgage that's outstanding so I think you're going to be able to pile this cash up quick now it's going to put you in a really really good position so I've got a good friend that is a pastor and he started at that age buying properties and he's done exactly what he's talking about doing he's become he's become he's got a lot of real estate become wealthy and he didn't steal the money from the church and he didn't get overpaid by the church he just managed his money well for decades and has a bunch of paid for Real Estate now and he's good at real estate he's a pastor but he's good at real estate and so uh you know he's managed the properties well and he's you know he it's like his little side job so to speak his hobby he loves fooling with it he loves messing with real estate like I do and he's just done very very well so he's many many years ahead of you uh David and um he has done what you're right you know he's put himself in a position that he's independent from the church and so he's publishing deals all that kind of stuff he just he doesn't have to uh be unquote owned by the local congregation unquote and I it might even change a preaching a little you never know good well some people it would

  Top Comments:
  1. @MMAFan20 [1 likes]: I own 7 airbnbs.They make plenty of money, they've never had any major damage.Dave doesn't know what he's talking about. It is a lot of work. You've got if you want your house damaged and destroyed just rented to somebody long term
  2. @Real08-j9g [1 likes]: The people that talk about Airbnb as a bad idea are the one living in 2000 long time rentals now in days don’t work Airbnb is the best decision you can make
  3. @Outrageousconduct [1 likes]: Id take money over hassle and not true if you get the people right no college aged people
  4. @Outrageousconduct [1 likes]: Oh brother  enough  with this nonsense , asking this guy is the stupid thing anyone can do
  5. @JaxsonRW [1 likes]: I think Mr Ramsey has a vendetta against short term rentals! My AirBnB is the best thing I've ever done. I now have 4 properties I rent out on AirBnB
  6. @roncurtis5066 [1 likes]: I manage 45 Airbnbs part time while still working my 9-5 Dave has no idea what he’s talking about if your thinking about investing in Airbnb as long as your market allows it and it cash flows I would highly recommend it
  7. @damonalee1 [1 likes]: These people obviously have not been involved in Airbnbs. The maintenance is way less than a long term rental that ruins the place and you can make way more with short term.
  8. @michaelconverse5127: I air bnb a house in Chicago because I split time between there and arizona. I block off for the time I’m there. As a result , it doesn’t quite cover the mortgage and taxes (property tax in Chicago is ridiculous)but it certainly helps. Most guess  have been good. I’ve had a few complaints from neighbors about late night parties. Regarding damage, I did have somebody destroy a bed and a futon, and some minor paint damage but overall it has been good. 

However, I also armed long-term rentals and it’s definitely easier. I still get a call here and there for repairs but overall it’s an easier experience. My plan is to do a traditional rental on my Airbnb house next year as I spend less and less time there. 

I do think that it would be easier if it was in the same area that I lived in. So Davis right on his points although I don’t think the damage of the Airbnb is any worse than a long-term tenant would leave. Every time I’ve had a long-term Tenant, I’ve had to do some type of work, even if it’s minor.
  9. @robertoroblero3259: I am considering Airbnb for our playa del carmen vacation house.  My wife and I have owned long term rentals 12+ months in the atlanta area, and its been a huge success.  Bought little houses cheap, and kept them up.  Buying better condition homes is best.  Finding great tenants is the secret to success.  I see a lot more work with short terms, but better income, we'll see.
  10. @bi0lizard1: My STR experience so far SUCKS! Things break frequently. Had a huge issue that required over 12k of work basically wiping out any potential for positive cash flow. I’m underwater - mortgage keeps coming due. This has COST many many thousands of dollars, a shit load of effort and I have less than nothing to show for this. Worst mistake I made in my life.  Guest are VERY hard on it. They just broke the microwave- gonna cost me $1200. Crap like this constantly pops up constantly wiping out any would be profits. It’s been horrible. Wish I would’ve just done a LTR.
  11. @fritzrichter8033: Dave has no idea what he is talking about, we had a Airbnb in San Diego and made a ton of money without any major problems, had great guests from all around the world with some of them coming back year after year.
  12. @chrismatthews1762: "Me and my WIFE are pastors".
Dave should have stopped him right there
  13. @cadiz-sololife: This video is 3 years old.  Now hosts will need to pay the 15.5% guest fees to simplify pricing for guest bookings.
  14. @noenthusiasts: Sort term rentals can work. I get one or two disrespectful guests a year while the majority are great. My biggest problem is with the AIRBNB company which refuses to back up an owner when damage occurs. A guest left the house a mess in addition to they got the flu. Instead of driving home in a few hours to see a Dr. they stayed, threw up on furniture, made a mess and lied to me about it when housekeeping arrived and reported the mess. I spent several hundred dollars having the entire house sanitized by a commercial cleaning company in addition to my housekeeper going above and beyond to clean the place thoroughly. Pictures and invoices were submitted to AIRBNB who arbitrarily decided to pay me .25 on the dollar for damages. AIRBNB doesn't want to offend a guest who may or may not ever book again but rather short change an Owner who makes them money every week. Evidently the 2 owners of AIRBNB care about the price of their stock and nothing about the people who made them wealthy.
  15. @louisep5178: Great advice thank you - but income from a well located and suitable Airbnb property can be 4 times the income for a rental property per week in the UK. Rental properties need to be maintained and are costly and can be a lot of hassle too.
  16. @cecilitza: I’ve had a couple Airbnbs for a a few years and I don’t think it’s a lot of work, it may be at first when you setup the property, but once you have systems in place it runs smoothly (I was able to travel for months while managing my Airbnbs). 

As for the damage, it’s actually the opposite. It’s less used than regular rentals, cleaned constantly (more than most renters), and guest barely do any damage. If they do, you can always claim it through Airbnb and either the guest or Airbnb pays for it.

The zoning restriction and other legal restrictions, yes, that’s a 100% a problem but it depends on the location, so just do some research on the area you’re interested in.

I do agree with Dave, you should be able to supervise your property easily, doesn’t have to be in your backyard but close enough, nobody will take care of it like you do because it’s yours.
  17. @jcbever1511: I've been going to the same airbnb to visit family every year and never seen it trashed.
  18. @georgethetravelgenius1705: A lot of people look at STR's (Short Term Rentals) like airbnb's as they would an apartment or condo property, No, that is the wrong way to look at it.  I have an STR in Utah and at first, I did look at it as that, as my family had owned apartment complexes.  Thats a nightmare.  If you look at it like you're running a BnB, or a boutique hotel, you'll have a better outlook and frame of mind for running one.
  19. @LaurieMacDonald-x8w: I disagree, we have had very little hassle but we live in an expensive tourist location
  20. @GuentherJohnny: Built a unique Airbnb in 2021. Tourist area. Paid off in 3 years. After paying manager 20% of the profits.

- Running a LUXURY Short Term Rental Business with Heather Brown: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] okay everybody welcome back to the accommodation show i'm really excited to welcome heather brown to the show this week she is an extraordinaire from the us she is a short-term rental host she's got a number of properties she's been doing it for a number of years she's wonderful i met her on clubhouse i want you to all get to know her get to meet her and to share some of her knowledge that uh that she's gained over the years heather welcome to the show well howdy thanks so much for having me bart i'm excited about this excited don't be nervous don't be nervous i'll look after you along the way um look uh i i've been excited to do this particular episode because i've heard you talk quite a few times on clubhouse funnily enough uh you being you helped us with the room not too long ago where we were helping hosts with their airbnb listings or with their listings in general to improve them to make the pictures wonderful and that sort of thing one of the tips that you gave in that room was to make sure that all the lights are on in the rooms when they take the photography that was you wasn't it it was yes and the funny thing is is those pictures came through i don't know if you've seen them but they look wonderful make sure you check it out on my instagram you'll see what they did with it and you've got oh that was my work that's how impactful heather can be and today's episode we're going to cover all sorts of really interesting topics around short-term rentals but also the leisure market so she's got properties in the ski fields and um we'll kind of go from there but hello introduce yourself let everybody know where you're from who you are your experience in this space and and what you're up to so what kind of what kind of a business you're running sure okay so i'm heather brown and i am the co-founder co-owner of stalex properties llc aka stalex luxury vacation homes and we operate using the ho hosting model and what that means is that we leverage the second homes of private owners in the park city utah area so as you can imagine many of the homes in park city utah are owned by people out of state they have the money to spend and they say hey we want to have a second home in park city so we can come and ski for one week out of the year and we say to them hey we'd love to use your property for the other 51 weeks of the year and help make you a little bit of money to help subsidize your mortgage payment and hoa fees and whatever else they've got to pay tell me a bit about about park city utah for those people that just imagine like it's a bland canvas and people don't know what it's all about what the area looks like absolutely so park city utah is located on the wasatch back so the wasatch mountain range is in um park in the kind of towards the maybe upper half of the state of utah um there is the wasatch mountain range and so park city is located on the wasatch back interestingly enough there are other resorts very well known on the other side of the wasatch which include solitude alta alta snow bird um a couple of other ones and in in this on this side of the mountain or on on that side of the mountain and so park city um is part of the veil um i guess you could say conglomerate of ski resorts throughout the united states and park city just recently merged with the resort called the canyons and has now become the largest ski resort in the united states and so anyone who carries a veil ski pass has the ability to ski veil in colorado and any of the other resorts that vail owns as a company which includes park city mountain resort and the canyons and we also have deer valley resort which is very well known also the place where a few celebrities have met their death unfortunately but yes there have been a few um well-known people who have um met their demise at deer valley it's it's a pretty rigorous uh mountain from what i understand i interestingly if i'm not a skier but um but i'm happy to to take people's money when they come to you when they come to stay so you're just sticking with that you you stay in the you're the kind of person that's in the chalet at the bottom drinking a hot cup of chocolate or a mulled wine or whatever absolutely i'm the one knitting a sweater when you come down for the mountain you will have a sweater waiting for you handmade that's me yes that's beautiful okay so um all right we've got a bit of the contest as the area so in terms of the business you've got a number of properties are they all um in that area at the moment or are they scattered what is it what does that look like all of our properties are in park city um there are little towns that kind of connect to park city so when you leave the highway coming from the airport in salt lake it's actually one of the quickest resort towns to get to in the united states it's only anywhere between a 20 to 30 minute drive from the airport to get on the slope and so that's really amazing and one of the draws for this um and so what you're looking at is there's a little town called kimball junction that then leads up the road um into park city proper and then beyond that you have kind of like the jordanelle area and so we have properties everywhere from kibble junction to park city proper all the way out to the jordan l okay great so you have these properties they're all kind of one type of uh of property that you're going for one kind of guest avatar that you're looking at and i think this is gonna be a really interesting topic for everybody is talking about sort of destination uh accommodation or short-term rentals and working within a specific niche a specific industry how to do it how to get yourself up how to get yourself set up now i'm really interested so you've got i think you told me before there's about 21 properties at the moment so you're not huge but also because you're at the luxury end you don't need to be huge it's more about quality over quantity but i'd love to know are you in terms of adding more properties are you consciously trying to target your particular area or are you looking elsewhere or how does that how does that kind of come across yeah that's a very interesting question as far as scaling i'm assuming that that's kind of what you're talking about is what is what are our plans to scale what do we see as a future of stalax properties so to answer that question i would say that there's a couple of thought processes here in mind between myself and my business partner and one of them yes is continued acquisitions of you know uh owner contracts here in the park city market and we're at a point now where we can be very picky about what we choose who we choose to partner with as a owner partner we don't neces so so that being said we're in a position where we have made it um a decision to say we want to partner with owners that are going to bring us anywhere from 80 000 gross and above preferably a hundred thousand gross and what i mean by that is that the gross revenue the gross rent would be a hundred thousand in a 12 month period um that's what we really would prefer and that doesn't mean that we don't have properties in our portfolio right now that are less than that we do um but we're at a point where we can now be very picky about our acquisition um that being said that's not necessarily where the ball stops rolling for us we are considering the concept of going almost franchise where this would become the stalex park city market and then we would help other people who are wanting to break into this industry who don't have structure procedures policies in place systems in place and we would then offer them that tutoring basically and say listen you're going to fall under stay lives but maybe it's going to be you know stalex austin or wherever it may stay looks hawaii whatever it may be we're thinking that that would be a very good model to follow and so you know and we may end up acquiring maybe some of our own properties that stay lux actually owns um and kind of go kind of blur the line a little bit between the co-hosting model and the owning model so yeah there's there's some options there so in terms of that selection so you've said we're looking at the numbers and we're saying hey we want to make sure that it's profitable and there is a certain amount of revenue or yield being derived from each property property which i think that by default what that means is that the properties that you deal with they are going to be more of a luxury type property they're not going to be super basic and you're going to have a certain demographic that you're appealing to with those properties because of that um so you're kind of getting a win-win where you're not divesting your efforts as a business and going all right well we're doing a bit of this a bit of that a bit of everything but because it's price drip and you're like well this is our minimum sort of threshold and therefore we're appealing to that luxury space and am i nailing this absolutely but the caveat that i would add here bart is that i will tell you right now that from our portfolio of 21 properties the highest grossing property in our portfolio is a tiny home it is not our five-bedroom home and so that being said it's really important to understand what you're looking for on the granular level and what i mean by that is you are going to be able to demand higher revenue for experiential stays and i personally believe that that is the direction that short-term rentals are going in general is experiential stays the type of people who are coming to stay in what i would call vacation homes which as we've talked about before that's different than going into you know a corporate lease or something like that when people who are looking for vacation homes want an experience and they are willing to pay for it and at the end of the day this tiny home right at the top of historic main street you better believe it's it's booked solid all the time and and that that little tiny home grosses over a hundred thousand in a year so this is a great segue and i think that people can learn an awful lot about about what you've just said and you're saying well we're selling the experience so of course we get the property we make sure the property's got a nice view and it might have a spa bath or a hot tub or i'm not sure what you guys call them over there um hot tub so you've got those sorts of things you might have a billet table pool table you might have these different things but then you're saying hold on a second there's the experience and i i'm gonna take a bit of a punt here that stalux is an experienced brand so what is it that you guys do and i always consult with clients and i say um you need if you want to build out a brand you need to have something that makes you unique some sort of reason to stay with stay lux what is that reason is it just because it's clean and cheap or is it other things so tell me about the experience side and what it means to stay lux and your guests sure that is an amazing question i'm glad you're glad you asked that so it is very very important to us my business partner and i beau um we built this brand and our tagline is where luxury is personal and we 100 believe that as we move forward growing stalex as a brand and what that means to us is that we provide a very hands-on experience well i say hands-on hands-on from our perspective but hands-off from the owner's perspective so it's an all-inclusive um management asset management program in which we are connecting on a very personal level with both our owners and our guests that pro that creates an experiential stay every guest is has a personal phone call from bo a personal phone call there are texts that are sent out he if they need him to show up at the property he is there um and it's the same with our owners you know i think there's some thinking out there that in order to be professional you have to have i've heard this spoken before that you have to have like a landline a dedicated landline for your business and is what makes is one of the aspects that makes you professional in talking with the owners that we have in our portfolio they 100 love the fact that they can call me at any time and i am going to answer the phone okay they are never going to have to question that i exist that i'm there watching what they need that their guests ever have to um you know feel that there's nobody that they can contact so that to me is part of the luxury experience is that personal communication and connection with other people that's what we're in the business of doing is connecting people so in terms of your branding your marketing now if we go so i've got the property management side and i think that that part um i'm quite comfortable with and i think people within the audience may be and it's something that we can um i think people would circle back and actually reach out to you and say hey what what do you do in terms of building out that client database and providing that experience i'm really curious about the guest side um so you've got the those touch points with the guest when we when you market yourself on any of the booking platforms or your own website do you have pictures of yourself or is it just the stalux brand it is actually just the stalex brand and we do that i know that um you and i talked before and and there's a differing of opinions obviously there some people are very much on the side of of putting their own face on their company and versus those people who want to put their brand you know their logo as as the face of their company and we use the logo simply for the um feeling of being professional it's it's a matter for us we feel like it it indicates some trust it's like oh this is not just you know my paw jones that's renting this home to us this is a legitimate business they are these are professionals who are offering this home to us and we can count on them to behave like professionals is kind of how we look at it and then so your website your personal one does it have an about us that talks about you or is it is it all once again branded as the company that's really interesting we don't have an about us page currently but the reason for that is the type of website that we're using so the property management software that we're using right now provides a free website we have been using that for these first 12 months we are actively building out a new far more robust and interactive website on which we will have an about us page that will have photos we may even have a photo of the dog that's part of our team i think that's what most people want to see anyway right they just want to see the dog right that's exactly right on the about us page yes yeah wow okay great and then so then you talked about that personal communication we call the guests um because i assume that a lot of it's remote check-in so actually you know going and going what i want to ask you about is the the tools so you've got that process of calling each guest as they're checking in because obviously going in and meeting each individual guest can be quite time consuming and expensive but you give them a phone call make sure that they're all okay i imagine that there'll be a mid-stage message saying hey is everything okay if it isn't let us know what kind of using any particular tools or is it all quite manual still so we have a firm belief that really exceptional hospitality should be as personal as possible meaning less tech the better so our tech stack for those who are in this space watching this are going to understand that terminology tech stack but essentially what that means is you know the tools the technology and software assisted services that we're using in order to operate our business func as a functioning business we keep that tech stack small i think our textbox stack is maybe five um there are those in the industry that have tech stacks of like 20 deep or more um i find and my business partner finds that maintaining the manual and those high touch points like you you mentioned is what has allowed our business to grow at the rate that it has and to maintain the reviews that we have to maintain we've had people one of our newest properties was a former guest who loved staying here so much with us that he bought a property and immediately contacted us and said i've got a property i want you to manage it so that's really what we pride ourselves on and because of that we stay pretty removed from having heavy tech stacks but yes to your point we do want to provide things that at least portray again professionalism that this is not just mom and pop we're currently looking at possibly providing the tablets like your welcome tablets as our guidebooks and our properties so we want there to be tech available for our guests to feel like they are getting a value for what they're paying for because they're paying quite a bit we want them to feel like they're getting the right value but we don't want it to feel so remote and so sterile that they feel like oh well i mean this was not any different than any other short-term rental that we've ever stayed in yeah yeah so it's almost like that continuation of of the experience they would have on an ota where it all is quite depersonalized um and you don't want to continue that you want to break out of that mold and be like all right what can we do which is a bit different which they can't achieve using the software um and they can't make that phone call that sort of thing uh the the those 5d tech staff do you want to is there any chance you can just rattle off some names of stuff that you're actually using sure so um the things that we had in place from day one no matter what was the property management software we currently are working out of guesting but we are in the middle of migration to streamline um and there's this whole story behind that but that's that's what we're doing for a property management that's another another another episode it is it's 100 another episode um but uh yeah so then the other piece of the puzzle that absolutely had to be in place before i launched this company was revenue management and i've said this in clubhouse numerous times i am not a revenue management genius guru or anything of the like and so i knew going into this that i wanted dynamic pricing and that i wanted a human being to take care of that revenue management for me and so we we use rented um as our revenue managers because they offer that consultative approach where it's a human being that's taking the data and then manipulating our rates inside of our our property calendars so i think beyond that we do use brevo formerly parakeet that's who we use for our home automation so i think that makes three let me think i'm trying to think of any other tech that we what about the the trello and the asana and the onboarding of a new client see we don't even use that that's that's all me right now um we need we need to have a we need to have a conversation around that uh it will change your life or just make your life a lot easier in terms of everything that you're doing asana before for sure but it's getting my partner to be on board with that because he typically refuses to plug into those kinds of things but for the most part um yes i i would like to have some in fact just this last week i was thinking to myself what would be the best um tech to plug into that space as far as scheduling and making sure everybody's on the same page at the same time um i think that streamline may offer something similar to that just built in to their pms which would make it really nice i think so the other i mean one of the other ones that i can think of and you and i've talked about this before is um just the smaller uh software as assisted services kind of things which are for me box brownie as my photo editor um i 100 can understand those individuals who say listen um i don't want to be doing i can take great photos but i don't want to do it myself i'm a little bit more particular maybe ocd i don't even know if that's if that's a real thing but i'm a very particular about the way that photos are taken and um you know the angles the composition and that sort of thing and so i do i take all my photos myself and then i just dump them into box brownies as a part of my look uh today's episode is going to be a shorter one because from talking to you and actually even before the show so for everyone that's listening what happened is we got talking and talking and talking before even hitting record so the good news is heather will definitely come back on if she has the time for us and uh we'll cover some more of these topics because i think that there's a lot to unpack but i think that so far what you've said is incredibly valuable looking at the guest experience looking at how to create a bit of more of a premium stay for people working in one particular area and really understanding that particular marketplace and then you sharing all those tools has been incredibly valuable and will really help people with their journey now you've spent some time with us is there anything that we can do for you as a community well you know i don't know i i'm not typically the one to ask um i'm not that's not really my my mo so you've caught me kind of off guard i don't know that i have anything i would say that i necessarily want but um i can tell you that if i if i can think of something i will definitely be reaching out and and like you said i'd be happy to come on again and maybe unpack some of the more you know details and of some of these the different topics so folks uh connect with heather on instagram on clubhouse you'll find her on linkedin as well i imagine all will be in the show notes so just follow her i think that's the best thing that you can do and you'll see how her journey grows she went from 2020 in the middle of a pandemic from 15 properties now they're 21 properties so they will be growing and they will be expanding but i think that the quality is more important than the quantity for heather and beau right now but there's a journey that you definitely want to watch and it will be an exciting one so look once again thank you so much for joining us on the show i'm looking forward to seeing you around and talking again um we'll catch you around perfect thanks thank you so much heather

  Top Comments:
  1. @theaccommodationshow [1 likes]: Like our content? Support the channel! https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQo89MBE_ExeHTfN5GtyupA?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @jillenagreer1 [1 likes]: Heather you’re so gorgeous! ❤️
  3. @theaccommodationshow: 0:00 Luxury Rentals in Park City Mountain Resort
01:54 Heather Brown's experience in Short Term Rentals
02:52 Park City Mountain Resort in Utah
09:25 Finding the right-fit franchising partner
11:31 How StayLuxe is personalising luxury
14:05 Do you use your own face or your brand logo when marketing?
15:00 What to put on the "about us" page of your website
16:18 How much tech should you use in your property?
18:47 Revenue management and dynamic pricing tools

- Episode 7: Leaning into Luxury STR's w Bobby Souza: Kind: captions Language: en yo what's up thanks for checking out the paycheck to profit podcast I'm your host Robert Johnson today we're going to be talking with Bobby Souza and we're going to go over all things St Str or short-term rentals in real estate and get into just The Balancing Act of of everything in life and you know really looking forward to it this is actually my first time talking to Bobby so this will be a great conversation just getting to know each other and learning a lot Bobby welcome to the show man awesome yeah thank you thanks for having me on um yeah I'm looking forward to to talking uh all things you know short-term rentals but really real estate in general and um and just about you know how how does that uh intersect with the the day-to-day world uh you know having having a family and and um having a daytime you know W2 job too uh as well that I'm I'm currently in um so looking forward to it yeah totally so yeah why don't we start there like what is your W2 that you're in right now and how long You' been there what are you what's your kind of your role there so I work for a a SAS company uh and so I'm in the tech space uh I have been in data and analytics for oh 10 years now in that uh for that company actually uh coming out of college so I got a degree in actorial science right so um you know pretty uh good at math uh and but I actually minored in statistics and so I really oh well kind of got uh I fell in love with like numbers statistics and and actually from a I'm a big Sports person too so I love like you know I learned about saber metrics and and how do you applying statistics to sports and you know and know I so I got I was huge into that um and I used that degree agree I didn't want to go the actoral route um and it was just boring to me but it it uh I think it was unique on the resume so I I ended up landing at a company and as a data data analyst and you know that role has become more and more popular over the years and uh so been a data analyst now I lead a team of data analysts and I've been at that company um and and they they basically you know software as a service that's what SAS is right so they uh they provide a software to to uh businesses it's a business B2B and um pretty large now but I've been there 10 years so I know the ins ins and outs of the that industry and and uh but I've used a lot of the analytics skills and then the leadership skills and the relationship building and the because I worked on the relationship management side so I learned a lot about um building relationships with executive like executive presence really building a team and then also sales was a component of that too so all that has actually really helped me um where I'm at today in translating you know a lot of the things that you have in your W2 you can use if you have the right mindset about it you can use and translate that into the the things that you want to do which in this case for me is like real estate and and hospitality and so that's uh that's kind of where where I started and where I actually still am today in the W2 nice dude yeah so um so SAS you said it it's software as a service right MH so what's the what's the company you're working for right now it's uh ukg it's a so they're they're on the Miami Heat jerseys um they're HR and payroll software company oh okay okay cool yeah so um there's a lot of those companies out right now right like ton how long is yeah yeah I mean they're big it's yeah they it's it's too like um huge huge company it's they you know they they merged uh is Ultimate Software which is where I started working they on the Miami Heat jerseys okay and then they merged with Chronos which is another big player oh yeah and now that's ukg so they're one of the biggest if not the biggest uh HR payroll software company or I guess HCM human Capital Management uh in the in the country wow but yeah it's good I mean it's a lot of Dynamics when you merge when companies merge together and when you bring businesses together that have very different styles and different processes and it it really you have to keep an open mind um and I would say it strengthened my uh like you know the ability to keep keep an open mind and and really understand where people are coming from processes how to how do you and your processes line how do you make such a big company run right and a lot of that stuff I'm using today at a smaller scale for the on the real estate side funny enough and and kind of building out our business although it's more of a startup style right like you have much less um resources but it's still the same principles same Concepts yeah no it's great yeah yeah um so when uh when you were talking I was a couple things before we move on so before the recording started you were talking about your own podcast that you did in the past about uh fantasy football and when you started talking about your statistics degree and I was just like putting it together and like oh it's huge in you know like obviously into fantasy football but you probably took it to the next level yeah yeah I mean I'm I'm in I'm in a lot of leagues um and I mean I love it though it's it's the that that to me is very enjoyable uh yeah like I like you know I like building building uh a a team of of players and using data and Trends and yeah um and really using analytics to to drive those decisions and it's kind of like having a portfolio in stocks in a way like if you have a bunch of teams you're diversifying you're finding a way to to uh strengthen like you know your positions in different because each of those leagues right A Winner Takes money so it's it's still like there's a component of that too and it's just fun I I have a blast doing it um that's awesome I've been doing it for for years now as well but yeah yeah I have a lot the experience with like the fantasy or the podcast stuff setting up you know all the equipment and um yeah that's a lot of fun I bet you have some crazy spreadsheets huh uh yeah I I yeah I do it's funny is like in the analytics space like as as soon as like you start to move away from spreadsheets so like I use them now for our business because it makes sense to do so and but ultimately like in my day-to-day I'm working in in a data warehouse we're querying oh sure like data we're running millions and millions in a row of dat like of data records and we're doing so anything but a spreadsheet so it's funny like in the analytics field people like like please no spreadsheets right like most accounting and finance departments in these big companies they all use spreadsheets and it's like like you know so it's just funny that you say that but yes I did have spreadsheets um and then I ended up actually funny like on my laptop I built out a a data warehouse um within my own that I can actually store data inside of it so being really nerdy but yeah it's fun it's good stuff um I'm kind of applying that now to in the real estate side and like really you know focusing on pulling uh pulling lists of of properties for um for like someone that I'm partnering with to make calls all day they you know pulling that data and being able to store it and put it in a place where we can keep it organized and kind of like that integrator role um I've been able to apply a lot of the stuff I've learned to that which has been which has been nice it's funny to see it come full circle like that but yeah no that's awesome yeah let's jump into the real estate stuff so you uh you're doing Str strs are you uh from what I could tell you have some that you own but then you also own a property management company that does like candles s strr specifically is that right yeah y so we we have um so we started a uh co-hosting company right so basically we assist um homeowners investors in running their short-term rentals and uh you know the it's just like you would think of like a long-term rental and you need a property manager management company we we are we're not a manage we manage everything but we basically will F full service right we provide um everything and the investor or the property owner or the vacation rental owner uh sits back and they you know they collect a uh a percentage every single month and we just run everything for them and we really got into that space because um ultimately like you know the short-term rental space grew and and grew exponentially and went crazy in during um the pandemic right like astronomical like it it's it's so funny when you when I'm underwriting deals because I do a lot of underwriting the the norm then was like if you don't have 20% cash on cash return like don't even touch it and now it's like what I would I I I mean now it's like 15 could 15 work is like you know 10 like just because uh especially here in Florida right so I I'm live in Florida and I live in South Florida and B tone but we manage properties throughout Florida we can manage anywhere um and we've shown that like we do anywhere within Florida but we also can manage anywhere outside however we stuck with Florida to begin with um and we have uh four properties now in in KMI like in the Disney Market oh yeah yeah and then we have three down here in South Florida like Fort Lauderdale Lauderdale by the Sea and then we have two up in St Pete St Petersburg in the west coast and so we're continuing to grow we're like more of a boutique company we want to focus on luxury but we provided that service um like you know grow co-hosting that's all co-hosting yeah now one one is owned by so um me my my wife Kristen and my uh and my business partners Phillip and Jen that we all came together and started this company now they own one uh in Disney as well that we managed so the whole goal was well one of two things really iron out our processes and build out our automations build up this company and get it to a place where we can then invest and buy shortterm now we have cash flow coming in from these man these these properties that we managing co-hosting then buy our own and run it through our our our machine that we've just built um and so that's kind of the goal now and that's how I got into creative financing was through because and in from an acquisition standpoint just the numbers weren't making sense uh doing I you know yeah yeah totally so how active are you guys like I know you said you have the data warehouse you have all your leads going in sounds like your teammate's the one doing the calls for um finding the deals I'm just curious like how um how many properties are you looking to acquire how many um like what's your strategy uh for your leads too like where are you finding your leads yeah um so so from a short-term from a co-hosting standpoint uh it on so I'll show I'll show both I guess the co-hosting standpoint it's really um focused on a couple things uh agents right we work with agents and um we can help we help provide a market analysis and underwrite for them in in exchange uh you know like when they sell a house recommend you know we have a man we have a co-host service that can take care of everything for you on the shortterm rental really allow you uh so we've gotten a few deals like that and have built really great relationships with agents that way and then um the other aspect is um more uh we have the inbound like we have our Google SEO like Google and our website like we get some leads from that uh we've gotten one lead that we still have to this day one of our best performing properties from somebody found us on Google right so we're just making sure we stay on top of that yeah and then outbound it's like find out some of some of these bigger companies which is like the lwh hanging uh with uh like Picassa or evolve they they're not great management companies right they're too big so they don't have the attention to detail and that people want uh that you went ideally uh signed up for so that's where we come in right we have more of a boutique focus and we can take we've taken business from FASA and evolve um uh multiple times now like there's three three of our listings that we've taken from there that's another source right just finding those properties and and kind of um doing the same thing you would if you were to purchase it uh um skip trace and find the owners reach out to them let them know we're out here right like you we have a service for you and so that's we do it that's for co-hosting and then the acquisition side of it where we're trying to invest on our own it's the same concept you know prop stream or uh just finding lists uh of of deals that fit um certain criteria and then try and Pitch creative financing whether it's subject to or or seller financing where where it seems fit so we've been doing that that has just now started to come over the last like couple months really starting to wrap that up and then we still have the prospecting for our co-host Services right right so you've been obviously focused on co-host for for a while now but now you're looking at how do we actually acquire these properties for ourselves so that you can you can essentially double down like you've you're you're making all the profit instead of half the profit or whatever that split is yeah yeah exactly great I mean that's that's why we got into this it's uh it's just so funny um in 20 in 2022 we uh gosh it's crazy how fast time goes um it's we you know we we did a refi refinance um of our of our place to take that that money and put it in somewhere and uh again this is before I knew about creative financing so everything I would underwrite it's like nothing was working and Florida has been rough because Insurance um has gone up like crazy right now now they just introduced like six new insurance uh like companies within into Florida which should should make it which should be better yeah that's that's good we'll see how that goes but property tax is the other thing it's been insane like absolutely crazy to where the kill a deal oh my gosh every time yeah so like I found so many amazing like opportunities like agent Outreach like there's there's deals there and it's like oh yeah we're interested we're interested and and that's sometimes the hardest part right is like getting them to understand that you can do a subject too and and and once you get past that barrier and then it's like you underwrite the deal and it's like cool well uh yes the the uh principle and interest is great because you have a low interest rate from whatever you bought but um the insurance and property tax in whether it's Oola County um or P County which is like the Disney area which has gone up like crazy or Broward County with or Palm Beach County down here in South Florida it's it it kills it kills the deal yeah yeah so that's been rough and and so we have to we had to Pivot I bring I bring that so um we also what we what we were recommend in certain cases is like don't you don't depending on where you're at as an investor right if you're an investor and you're trying to go hands off just realize right like paying for a co-host Services is not 10% Like a long-term long-term management is is simple very easy right shortterm is you know you're dealing with a ton of turnover you're dealing with um you're dealing with you know uh key management and you're dealing with a ton more volume right and uh and from a standpoint it's Hospital ality right it's not just longterm like every now and then you'll have to send someone out there so you're going to pay for that but if if you if that's going to kill the deal the other thing that we've started to offer is like hey we can um we can provide a service where we get you onboarded we get you right because that's the most stressful part right like those first four to five weeks of onboarding a property uh and once you get there we'll we'll be there for you for like the first three guests uh three three reservations and then we'll now you can run it yourself you can save your um 20 to 25% additional that would have went to a co-host company to to now yourself right and then that's a service that we're providing now and we're being honest with that because we don't want to kill a deal and just ultimately it's it's difficult to do it like it what uh like 2021 2022 yeah that's that's a great option I think you know good for you guys putting that together because you know just realizing the fact that not everybody can do this long term but you know if they just need to get kickstarted I'm curious like what does that look like do you help with Furnishing like what's the the A to Z on or the high level A to Z on on getting that set up for somebody yeah so we do um so it'll start from in the onboarding process right like first and foremost it's uh yeah the two things that might take the longest are getting your the applications and the you know all your tax like the things the administ of stuff that's not fun but as part of the county as part of the state and uh as part of the city even like what do you need for ordinances to be in compliance and that can sometimes take a long time because you might need a someone to come out and inspect the property you might need so it's all different like Oola County different than P County different they're all so different it's wild and it's because it's still so new sure so that we do it's like we help with that right out of the gate like what do you need that's a huge value yeah in itself right and every time we do it it's it's so uh it is not fun to to do but um you know we set that up and then the other thing is the Furnishing right because it might take a long time to or so we have a designer that you that is a service too and um basically they will help you from A to Z depending on the market right like kissim me um Davenport you have to be so themed out like Disney like yeah Toy Story room and Moana cars and Monsters Inc all that stuff you have to be so themed out and uh or else you're not going to stand out because there's over you know there's over like 30,000 rentals in in CMI so you have to be um yeah 32,000 active rentals so you have to stand out great Market though because they'll never die you know like people always going to go to Disney like you it's just and they're going to build a Super Mario World there like great markets just margins are smaller because there's so much volume um but then the you know basically we the design get that ordered get whatever it needs the inventory huge like do you make sure you have the right inventory for the less headache next the The more you are prepared UPF front the less headaches because you will encounter some issues and the ability to do that have enough inventory on you know and then getting the right cleaners we help we'll help train the cleaner like we'll help get them ready to go basically at the end of it um even for your first three reservations so you get the idea we can we help set up the uh PMS system right like property management system and that sends automated messages like all that stuff we help set up basically from from A to Z because then the only thing you have to deal with is the um you know monthly like doing the taxes if Airbnb or wherever whatever platform you're renting it on doesn't remit taxes for you you have to do that and then you have to deal with craziness that you get sometimes with guests Hospitality space you get some pretty crazy stuff yeah I like that um I like that not only because that you know it gives a a person or an investor some some opportunity to um take that on themselves you know if they they maybe need a little bit of help at the front but they really want to take it on but uh it helps them in that regard but it also I don't know if you've had this happen but do people realize after that they take it over that that's not for them and then they come back to you because they saw how well you handled it yep yep yeah EXA yes exactly it's um they so and that happens a lot like we uh so it's cool being in this industry and it's still like it's still new like they there's a conference that goes on every year and I have to I'm going to miss this one which I'm bummed about and which one is like Pace Pace Mor is going to be at that this St our wealth conference in Nashville so I've been the last uh since when they started those and um and I you know I'm not going this year but why why aren't you going this year because we just had a baby and and I'm basically we're not going yeah and it's right in February like if it was in March out maybe uh but yeah and but it's a I just want to pull that out dude congratulations on the on the newborn yeah yeah thank you thank you yeah yeah I appreciate it yeah it's definitely um thrown a uh it's just a a new um thing to account for in the dayto day totally pretty big um but it's it's been it's been fun it's been fun I'm enjoying it and it's nice to you know I you know have my W2 and what's funny is they just implemented a uh they went from four weeks paternity to eight weeks like starting December 1st that's so I got super lucky uh with that so now I'm out until in the end of February which is nice so trying to take advantage of that yeah yeah that's awesome well I was just going to kind of wrap up what what I when you asked that question um it it happens a lot uh it could even it even happens the other side where uh you manage then they're like this is easy because they're sitting because you know the owners I get it because we make it look easy because we we don't we hide a lot we don't bring a lot to that you don't have to deal with that but everything like we have such high ratings because everything we we act with 24/7 we act right away we send out whoever we need to send out like we make it we do things the right way and we make sure it's we do right by the guests and that takes a lot of giving a giving a crap right like so if you care um and it's but that can add a lot of stress so sometimes the owners um and and that's what I was saying I went to the conference it's such a small circle so we're around a lot of these big players some of them own boutique hotels some of them them have like 30 40 50 properties in different parts and and it's all like the same like like there's different problems like that the owner will be like oh I want to run it myself they run it and then they come back they're like no I'm giving it back to you so it'll you know either way it's it's uh it's good though it's it's been a fun experience the last like um year and a half building it out yeah yeah that's that's awesome and you know like you said earlier the fact that you you have a process driven mind at some like so that aligns perfectly with this because I can imagine that there's a lot of um people helping third party you know like people coming in like the cleaners and maintenance and things like that so you probably have these these uh processes built out for them or you know Sops and and things like that I'm sure it's just helping you be as successful as you are yeah yeah the uh the the main thing there I just I just wanted to call out was like the um that is such a big factor especially if you're managing from a distance and is what I get into actually yeah getting that team like around you having the cleaners are by far the most important it's like your point guard it's like the person that's going to be is like your eyes and ears and they like we have some Rockstar cleaners and it doesn't always start out like that like we've gone through a couple cleaners um before we found a team people that feel like they're also growing with you and part of a team and that's that's been fun to do but it's hard to find uh and across everything to your point like right now I'm dealing with a toilet's broken in one of the places like I gotta we got to set that up make sure the guest is go with them entering like all the little things yeah we got to find somebody for that and that's more challenging but so long as you got your cleaners like you're 80% there like that is nice that's money yeah all right cool yeah I was actually uh going to lean into and ask if uh how does it work setting up a outof market short-term rental for somebody do you do you have the you said you have the ability to do it but what does that look like you know building those teams like say you're in Florida and somebody comes to you from Phoenix and they say hey I want you to help co-host this how do you get there yeah yeah so we have we have a pro we have a process like we have Sops we have a it's all it's all con the same Concepts right like you're building a business you're building a team it's the same thing that no matter where you go so we take those principles and we apply them to wherever we go so even if it's out of state out of City out of County so for example we just went into St Pete um St Petersburg and you know we don't have uh cleaners out there we don't have a handyman we don't have anything out there um but we know how to put that together we know how to put it together relatively quick we don't let it slow us down just like anything else right like you know it's not going to stop us from we know exactly how to do like we'll go up there we'll visit it so whether it's out of state and stuff like that we're going to go there and visit it get a feel for the property um but then ultimately we start the interview process we get people in there and and working and if they don't we have certain things like if they're not taking pictures of everything that they're doing if they're not keeping us in the loop if they're not punctual like you know we got to find an a an a team and so we go through that process just like you were with anywhere else and we've done it um quite a few times now uh in different uh locations where we're starting out new so we just rinse and repeat that process and um and we have all those things built out from from our experience and and we get them plugged into our property management system and and uh it's been good so far so ultimately that's what I would say we kind of we just just rinse and repeat and and go through our process no matter where yeah yeah it just goes back to what you were saying about having Sops so now you have all that built out it took you time to put that together I'm sure at the beginning it was you know you're you're learning as you go you make updates and then now you're to a point like you said where you just rinse and repeat you go into a new market you have the documents you interview people I'm sure and then give them an opportunity with the documents and and track how that goes and then you find like you said you you find some people that work and but it's going to take some time yeah and as long as we don't let it impact yeah exactly and what's what's cool is um so long as ultimately the most important things in this business is like is the guest experience and just making sure that you don't fall flat on your face in the beginning and and get getting you know those five star ratings um to be very like uh objective about it like getting five stars is things screw up all the time we have things happen all the time but it's actually like how we respond to it how quickly we respond to it and and like you know we so we've turned so many situations like me and and Philip my business partner just like look at each other and we're like oh yeah we're getting four stars but we're going to do everything we can for this to get uh and we end up getting five stars and it it's you know they people understand that that things can happen that's why you're staying at someone's home so so long as you uh are attentive to it and very sympathetic empathetic to to it then then you'll be good yeah yeah that's great I mean and that that kind of goes with everything in life I think like it's how you react to things not what happened because shit's GNA happen yeah that's that's true yeah yeah so you just carry that on into your business which is great and I would agree like from a guest perspective myself I I haven't done any hosting but I would I would definitely agree that you know from my perspective as a guest it doesn't matter if I come in and like you know something wasn't clean right or whatever or like it wasn't prepped the right way as much as it does like how are you going to handle it are you quick are you um attentive to what I'm asking for and do you take care of it in a in a timely manner all those things kind of add up to it yeah yeah yeah cool so uh I wanted to go back you were talking about how you really focus on luxury and I and actually you said a couple things that kind of cut my interest um you're focus on luxury and obviously the Market's different now so I I'm curious like what's your take on it like how does how do you feel so bold bullish on luxury when the market is kind of like shortterm you know there's a lot of heat on it right now there's a lot of new ordinances and and city laws and things like that where it's keeping people from being hosts or restricting the way you can host so I'm just really curious of that Dynamic of like okay the market is saying we don't want you to do this pretty much and you're like no I'm going to do it but I'm going to do it as luxury yeah yeah um so ultimately there is a there's a lot of of research out there um too that that supports this right so airdna right which is a big company that a lot of a lot of people that are investors or um definitely in the shter rental space know and they they pull air uh Airbnb data as well as vbo data and they have a they're kind of like the the OG one of the ogs and and pulling all this data together and Aggregate and they have data since um pre pandemic mic and um all the way to today right and you can see basically what has been happening where where people are saying the sky's falling on airbm Airbnb and that's a bust and all that is really it's just normalizing it's coming back down to pre-pandemic levels and it's still growing but the inventory shot up so high right in in Fort La in South Florida like Fort Lauderdale area you'll see growth it's it's grown um like uh nearly the other 8% right year-over-year it's grown 8% and you can see it just steadily growing um every single quarter every year and now they're at they have they have a ton of volume and So that obviously will impact occupancy and that impact to occupancy um on top of the idea that now that we're coming out of the pandemic right there's going to be more international travel and we've already seen it um with how the economy is uh now it's it's just changing the travel behavior and we're seeing that coupled with volume so yes it looks like it's it's very hard to find um deals and it's very hard if you are not a good operator to to uh basically optimize and have your your listings um making money like making what you expect now everybody should have a tempered expectation But ultimately what it's done is it's separated the the very very good operators and everybody who used during the pandemic just threw up a Airbnb listing and said it and forget it and they'll be fine no matter what because they're going to make a ton on it it is really now focused on our people really dialed in to their pricing to their occupancy to forecasting out and seeing like where's the trends going like what do I need to I need need to price optimize my pricing so that I can make the most I can uh but also get it filled how are you doing with your upsell are you selling additional experiences and things to guests and making sure that they also provide references to other guests like are you really in the hospitality business or were you just throwing this up there and hoping for the best that's the difference of like the services we provide we are always on top of the latest and greatest in all the technology and the trends of what we need to focus Fus on to get it optimized but it's still down so back like to your to your point of luxury space luxury space actually has not taken as big of a hit as the um the rest of the vacation rental market luxury airdna put out an article too but luxury is actually still seeing a growth and it's you know the the folks that are staying in luxury and again you also you want luxury you want you want homes with um you know depending on the market four five plus bedrooms like in South Florida you want eight nine 10 plus bedrooms in Disney but all these families come together and they want to stay there and it's better than staying at a hotel so you just have to know your clientele you have to know where you're at and you have to know you you have to look at those Trends and you can actually see the differences in luxury listings versus the rest and so to us also the other big decision for us to go into that space was no matter what it takes the same maybe not onboarding and setting up a property because it's different setting it up but it takes the same amount of time for us to run a two-bedroom one B apartment than it does t to run a five bedroom luxury home on the inter Coastal there's not a difference really it's it's the same thing you're you're dealing with you're dealing with guests you're it's the same exact thing the cleaners have a difference and we pay the cleaners sure obviously more for the but it's not any different so we want to get the most um the best the way that we can provide our services and feel very confident in being able to like really give it our all in our Boutique operation is go to the luxury hit home runs in that space and it'll benefit us especially with a smaller team um but then also benefit the owners right because we're focused on there we know the luxury space and um and we give a crap so it's like that you know that that's it's just a recipe for us to be able to be good in that that space um yeah over a long period of time yeah yeah and that I mean that makes that makes a lot of sense to me where you know it it is really it's Market driven uh you know like you said being by Disney you're going to want as many bedrooms as you can because you have so many multifamilies coming and traveling together and you know if you you go and rent a a two-bedroom one bath like you said and maybe it's not themed out like how do you succeed in that when you have so much around you the inventory is so high so uh from that I kind of took away you know know your Market use the data that that you have available so like air DNA and make sure that you're following the patterns of successful operations already yeah exactly yeah use um use that that enemy method right like look at the uh look at your competition and and really analyze them and you can see the ones that are succeeding you can you can tell a difference um with design and everything and that's just the marketing right that's how you get eyes on it and then you get bookings through your Co you know through your copy through your uh your rating your reviews from other guests so so then it's really about the operations how dialed in are you into a point where your um other guests have stayed there and they love it and and now you're popping up at the top of the page uh but to your point everything I what we're seeing a lot of as people are selling like crazy right now because they bought in um during the pandemic and maybe their rates are high uh but they are struggling they're struggling because they're seeing occupancy go down and they think it's it's it's really just correcting itself but people are struggling because their their pre you know their Debt Service is high and property taxes is increasing and things like that so you're going to see volume start to to to decrease as well um but it's it's just interesting to the most important thing when we're underwriting is be conservative write your numbers and and have that understanding that here's my floor but here's my upside and everything that we underwrite it stink we tell Realtors all the time like when we're working with Realtors or working with investors it's like nope that's not a deal that's not a deal that's not I say so many times and it stinks it's just like you know it feels like uh you know just negative you know but it's it's just true it's just not a good deal for shortterm rentals given all the expenses you have on the Str Str side right yeah so uh I was just thinking about this and you probably I'm sure you follow Ro built on I don't even know if I'm saying it right but on Instagram a yeah rob a solo yeah um and just going back to the luxury thing like you you need to know what you're doing right like he had a uh I remember he posted about this where he had a property that wasn't performing well it started dipping and he could have sold it off and he went the other way he actually leaned in and he spent he invested a lot of money into um I think it was like a basketball court or Sport Court you know something and like added more amenities to to bring that experience up and he ended up making it one of his best performing assets so it's just really like I was just thinking about that as we were talking and wanted to call that out like you really probably are getting getting a better bank for your buck when you go into that luxury or add experience it doesn't even need to be a luxury house necessarily but if you have other things that you can provide that's going to separate yes yeah that um I know what you're referring to too I think it's the one that he has with David Green in like Arizona it's like a massive um luxury home and uh and he showed the numbers on it too and and know it is it is incredible and and that's what we try and work when we're working with investors or owners we're trying to get them to realize that because the more you spend in that it's only going to benefit you it stinks because you don't really you know it's different than longterm where it's just like do whatever you can minimum uh to save yes you're kind of doing that in certain aspects of design but also just know like experiences there's one Airbnb that crushes um somebody else had a post on this I don't know where it is in like Tennessee or Georgia or Carolinas or something like but you see all these properties are like mediocre and and then this one is like stands off it's like oh my God it's making so much more Revenue than everybody else and you look yeah and they have like a wall of like water guns like they have like a like it's literally they're just all hanging on the wall and so like they are like gone after yeah exactly so it's like parents will see that or whether you're like a bachelor party or something like you see that and you're like oh my God that's freaking cool like we got to stay there and so now like you're creating that experience to your point and that doesn't cost that doesn't cost a lot so how creative can you get and then depending on where you're at like you know it but that's the most important part can you stand out and then like what's that experience you're going to bring that people aren't going to get in a hotel or people aren't going to get in any other listing because people aren't spending money to do that they're not focused on experience and Hospitality they're focused on um revenue and for their for their Airbnb yeah yeah I think it's a trap a lot of either people or companies get into is you know you're so focused on the bottom line that you miss these opportunities to see the possibility of what you could do and yeah yeah yeah oh man that's great info about sdrs yeah yeah it's good it's a it's fun stuff class on it yeah yeah there's so much there's so much to it but it's it's still a it's still a an area that I'm very much like uh I think it's it's going to continue to be strong um it's continues to grow Airbnb it and a company in itself is crushing um it's just separating the really unique experience places and and the top operators from from those that are just you know average and uh so it's good though I'm bullish on it I also like the boutique hotels and those things are still short-term stays but um yeah there's a lot of opportunities still yeah awesome so what's what's next for you like what do you see for the next you know three to five years what are your your goals that you're you're aiming for yep so for for us uh like we want to get um we want to get relaxed days uh our co-hosting compan we want to get it to at the end of this year like we want to get to a point where we're making um over like 50k a month in gross revenue right and we want to have a we want to have an experience for for um for guests that like we want to have like a travel blog like we want to have like these curated experiences for guests like we want to create something that um really helps us stand out because uh we're actually invested in in the hospitality side of it and so we're we're focused on building that out and um and really hammering on the properties that we do have here again because because we you know we want to be in the luxury space it doesn't take as many to get there but when you hit that it's not just throwing it on Airbnb it's how do you Market it like how can you do wedding events how can you do so like we really are dialed in on building our team and and getting more um more properties and co-hosting But ultimately too in that five years like we want to invest in our own and run it through that company and um and so in I would say the next at the end of this year uh goal is to have four acquired properties acquired um and probably using you know definitely using creative financing that's the only way it's going to work but getting that into our portfolio by the end of the year and then we also we want to get to 50K uh a month in growth gross a year so like last year we did 300,000 across the whole year but we want to do 50k a month by the end of this year and then 3 to five years I mean we're going to be um we're going to be in the 500,000 a month range is where we want to get to so um as well as acquiring our own yeah yeah yeah so that's that's the goal um and we want to the other thing too is because that experience uh I love the idea of and this is a passion too but I want to build I want to get land and build like from the ground up and create an experience um for awesome that way too that would be that's so awesome and I I I'll I'll get there it'll it'll definitely happen um it's just finding the right spot and the location going through that yeah that's awesome so couple questions uh from that one is I'm sure you've thought about it you probably think about it often is how do you get from 50k a month to 500k a month and still maintain the small company the boutique and the you know like not become the Evolve you know um we talked about it a lot like that's what kind of sets you apart you're more um you know specialized with with people and you're you're Hands-On with them you know with this process so how do you how do you scale that with maintaining that that uh same vision and and principle yeah so so so good that's a that's a excellent question I think um the main thing two is what's funny with the like vassa or evolve so like evolve um they they'll do their marketing but they're not they don't have really boots on the ground like they they're you have to pretty much manage everything you manage the cleaners and everything like evolve doesn't manage full service uh but aasa they full service but they actually Outsource to local man local like property managers within the area got and they they're not it's it's so crazy when we talk with these property managers and and different like like most of them if they even answer the phone they take forever to respond it's like it doesn't take if you care and and we're setting principles in the the foundation for our company now it's funny is like Philip and I who's uh you know my business partner and and I we work at the this the company that I'm prior to like the company that I'm at today for my W2 but before that there the best company culture I've ever seen it was number one Forbes um and like it was in the top 10 for a little bit it was definitely in the top 100 and it got all the way to number one because they they focused on culture and they focused on like that people first mentality and truly I've taken that along away with me and so has has Philip but I think if as we're building our company it's really focused on taking care of our team taking care of our people within our team and helping then take care of our guests right and taking care of our clients um taking care of your people first and then our clients and everything and then and then whatever whatever comes after that but ultimately if we can take care of our own our cleaners making sure that they feel like they're part of the team and we build out those things um we be good like we're going to continue to maintain that that's what makes it different than ocasa or Evol is because Vasa is in a numbers game right there just volume volume volume and we're in the experience game so our metrics of what success looks like is different than ocasa um we're not about volume we're more about how do you leverage the properties that you do have continue to have high ratings so that you can um continue to you know be at the top of your game and leverage other sources of revenue too within the guest promoting the guest experience and we want to be a brand that that people um when they see like and they know that they they want to stay at one of our places because they know they're going to get the best experience uh and we want our team to help take us there so that's that's the only way that you don't become one of those it's such a great question and I think one of the things that um right now we we just brought on someone new to the team and um and so that's that's been great kind of onboard them and we just got to continue to build and skill from there and when I get to there like I'm I'm I'm be excited uh to kind of you know see that the culture and everything that we built from from here yeah totally yeah I love that that answer um really resonates with me too you know I in uh um I've only actually worked at a few companies in my career but I've I'm in retail so like I I work at a regional grocer grocer chain and MH um in my first job as a in retail in like grocery it was you know it was just kind of run-of-the-mill you know it was like it sold some natural products and kind of tried to differentiate itself there it wasn't really like separating itself from the others and then I jumped over to where I'm at now new seasoned market and it's all built around the principle of people first and I really you can see it you know when I started it was just insane like more people in the store so you have better service you're not worried about the job of throwing Freight but they're worried about how do you can interact and connect with people in the store and the wage is higher than minimum wage you have better benefits all these things add up and I think you're right on the right track like I don't know that you could have answered that any better yeah I than yeah it's unless you work for it unless so you're experiencing it and and and I again that's why it's it's funny to see the journey going up to here and it's like I like the W2 it's still teaching me and how to be um what's right and what's wrong about certain culture company cultures and corporate structure and when you do build and not trying to become robotic but at a sense you kind of do have to come build in processes and things like that uh to keep on the same page but it doesn't mean you you you have to lose your that culture and making sure that everybody is there for each other and it's it's more family oriented um and I to you're experiencing it to actually and I to actually see that and be part of a company and actually see you know the CEO just kept it super simple very simple and every time he had the same delivery and same like speech pretty much every single time that we saw him present so consistent but he kept it simple you know he's like make the product better make make the service support you know service better and just you know keep the main thing the main thing and uh and focus there and I don't know just that company prior to the merger was um there's going to be nothing else ever like it in terms of especially about built in South Florida it's pretty exciting and I'm I'm glad I was able to be a part of of that um and now and now we see different experiences or different like a culture shift but it's just interesting to see that and be part of that so now I've learned kind of understand why those things change yeah yeah it's a great Point dude cool um that was yeah I I really am passionate about that part of it like making making sure that you have good processes but the people are in your own team are going to help Drive the change in your company and drive the growth so take care of them make sure that that you're you're really doing right by them yeah yeah um man I had another question that I wanted to ask you and I like got so involved in that I forgot it but um I'm so we're we're pretty much coming up on time here but I I did want to ask um you know with the newborn I think you said you had another child as well you know you've got your W2 you're doing all this what what does your schedule look like like how did how did you come to the determination that you're going to put all this extra time into this this business and how do you keep it structured for yourself right now yeah um yeah so it's it's been good I mean it it's taking a lot of uh a lot of like dropping certain things um and you know it it's been good though like I've always had like the Entre entrepreneurial bug um and this is not the first uh you know I I started like an analytics consulting company and then I I uh I did try and build out something for for fantasy football and like I've always had that that bug and I I you know I I work hard like I'm I'm a hard worker I I like to work like I like to put in the time on on things uh that I'm that I'm passionate about like I just I like to work and so I uh when building out even before our our late our baby girl that we just had in the beginning of January um you know we still had three-year-old and uh balancing that that was by far the most important thing was in that certain times in the morning and then after um daycare like in the afternoon or in the in the evening giving my attention to that so that's like a non-negotiable and then uh and then it's at night after we put like my son down that's when I can that's when I can work so from like like 8 to midnight 8 to One 8 to like I have I wear I actually took it off because um I had to like I had like a irritation or whatever on my arm but I wear it all the time the whoop band have you heard of it oh no what's that it's awesome it's like one of the best it tracks data like uh it's one of the best wearable tracking devices in ever like it's just one of the best they it's like a lot of great technology there's some athletes Patrick Mahomes Wears Like There's um it has so much data it tracks your sleep it tracks your um uh when you rest like it tracks your your your strain so like how are you strain are you straining enough are you sleeping enough are you restoring like the body and it shows your heart rate like it was able to actually also track when people early indicators when you had covid because it it knows you know you're like respir respiratory rate yeah all these things so when you look at it my sleep it's so funny uh CU I'm I'm in a group too with some other guys that are in this industry and and uh and it's funny to see how little sleep you get but it's and I'm not to say that that's like necessary I think it is at to a point when you have so many things that you're juggling um because only so much to give right like a W2 you just that's the thing you got to do right now and there might be during lunch how can you be super how can you shift your focus and be like okay I got to knock out this amount of time and and my wife's taught me a lot about that too because she's you know she sacrificed a lot as well like she's hanging she's picking up my son and spending a lot of time with him in the afternoon and so she also has a job so she it's like she fits in even more um time like more things in a very short amount of time but she's hyperfocused as soon as you kind of turn that timer on it's like I need to get this much done it because you set that timer you get it done so you're very focused and structured there that's how um I've been able to get up to this point where it's like very very uh um like the you know I have I'm very focused on what I need to get done in in the in a period of time but being also the non-negotiables of like I have to I'm giving this time to to family and doing those things and trying to balance to the best of my ability but there's never a Pure Balance is something's got to give yeah uh honestly like whether it's your physical health or like family time or whatever like there's got to be a balance there for a period of time until you can build it up enough to where you can delegate and that's kind of where we're at now we're finally at the thing where we've built out a lot of systems and everything we're we're really focused on trying to build a team that can we can delegate out to and give us some more time so that we can be more strategic on where we're building instead of in the dayto day yeah yeah that's awesome dude yeah oh go ahead sorry the the other thing automations right like if automate whatever you can build processes whatever you like whenever you can and it takes you a long way but you have to have that like me and my business partner like he he'll run a lot of the day-to-day operations I'll focus more on the marketing and sales but I also will focus on trying to build out processes and and where can we automate here and there and it's like if you can tweak it just a little bit every single day just be consistent but if you can do it every single day before you know you it's you've built out you built a company where you're like oh my God like just you know last year like we had one and then now we have uh eight um and so like and by the end of this year we're gonna have you know close to 20 like that's their goal so um yeah it's just little by little every day kind of tweaking it and figuring out what works and doesn't work totally yeah that's huge um just going from one unit to eight within a year is is awesome and you know like you said earlier like you know your your trajectory where you're going and you clearly have the processes and systems and the mindset to get you to those uh those next steps in the Milestone so I'm I'm looking forward to following along with you I'm glad that we got to connect like this and meet and you know just again looking forward to following along with what you're doing too yeah yeah awesome yeah know thanks for for having me on and talking through this stuff it's I love I love uh I love talking this stuff it's good yeah yeah I do have uh so I do have a random question at the end um I just want to ask you really quick so for you some tier Sports guy what if if you were only allowed to watch one sport for the rest of your life what which sport would it be um I guess I'd say football American football um and uh just because you know I there's there's a ton when I when I was going through the like I was saying I was trying to build out a we were evaluating quarterbacks and like using data and using film watching film and when I was watching film and I was talking with uh you know some a couple I that actually are like coaches and and actually really understand the X's and O's and got me I I truly appreciated even more on what it takes to to be a very successful team and be a successful quarterback and just the intricacies of it um that is I would say that I would say that Sport and um yeah because I I used to play I grew up playing baseball um my dad wouldn't like really let me play football because obviously injuries and all that so I played baseball but it wasn't really my passion um so I would say I'd say football yeah nice nice just a side note as you're saying your dad wouldn't let you play football you've seen have you seen the movie happy gomore yes yeah when he's like chubs has got the wooden hand he's like oh he wouldn't let me play it's too dangerous it's like yeah mhm and then yeah yes yeah that worked out well yeah how that work out yeah that's great yeah no true true it's funny too cuz I I I rode like dirt bikes and everything growing up too with with my dad and but we did trail riding right so I wanted to do Motocross like I liked racing I like competing but uh again it's like you can get jacked up there and um yeah and so it's but I'm you know I'm grateful for it it's not like it's I it didn't change it basically just made me you know focus on okay where where can I really die in and and focus in on and I played Sports so that was a good playing sports in school and playing multiple Sports is always helpful right from a leadership standpoint from a team camaraderie standpoint but also just staying active in there but I didn't you know I'm grateful that I didn't get uh seriously injured or put in a position where I was so yeah totally yeah nice well thanks again for coming on man um how how do people get a hold of you what's the best way to reach you uh so you uh YouTube is it'sit Bobby Souza and then on Instagram it's Bobby Souza but also our uh short-term rental companies at your relaxed stay R ax d s y um yeah that's the best on that's the best way to to reach us um yeah but feel free to DM me or you know I'm on Facebook Instagram Twitter all the things I'm on I'm on all of them not Tik Tok but I'm on everything else great yeah I'll I'll put all that stuff into the description for everybody so easy to easy to follow links thanks again for jumping on here man and thank yeah yeah it was it was great getting to connect with you yeah no I appreciate it thank you very much thanks for setting this all up yeah totally and for everybody else elain we'll catch you on the next episode

- Scaling Your STR Business With Remote Staff: Kind: captions Language: en when we talk to smaller operators they're like complaining about the fact that they don't have time to grow their portfolio and they're they're running around like crazy so it's really important to identify the recurring tasks that could be delegated easily to others and then focus on your business growing your business making sure that your financials are in good shape rather than responding to like Wi-Fi troubleshooting issues in the middle of the night or and in like why early checkin is not available like with a 10 time like in a week to different guests welcome to short-term rental Solutions a show for hosts and property managers looking to overcome obstacles maximize revenue and optimize their short- teral business by learning from the innovators who are designing the solutions that are shaping our industry Hello everybody welcome to this week's episode of the short tental solution show this is going to be a great episode completely well worth your time because we're talking about something that's important to people in the short-term rental industry kind of across the Spectrum and that is the concept of scaling and how to grow your business specifically with how to use remote team members and remote staff to help you um not only scale but also there are people who are you know choose to hire a property management company because they're afraid of the time commitment and obligations that are involved with um self-managing and if you understand and are able to take advantage of some remote Staffing options then it could potentially unlock the ability to you for you to successfully self-manage a small handful a small portfolio of properties so we are here today with Ari who is the founder and CEO of extend team and so Ari thank you so much for joining us today thanks for having me excited to be here great thank you would you just take a moment to introduce yourselves to the listeners and viewers today and tell us a little bit about your journey into the short-term rental industry and how you came to found extent team absolutely so I got into the vacation rental business by mistake while I was getting my industrial engineering degree uh as I believe I was like a sophomore at the time like USC here in Los Angeles California and a friend of mine decided to take a sem semester off like he was having some personal issues with his girlfriend at the time so my journey into short-term rental started by stetting his one-bedroom apartment in Downtown LA on VRBO like back in the day like Airbnb wasn't even even like out there like and VRBO was charging based on the number of photos that you upload it was like a directory simar to Craigslist that's so my journey started after the 0809 real estate crisis and I I formed like a property management company like here in California and then got involved into other short-term rental Ventures as well yeah so I'm sure that experience of you know property management and whatnot you really understand kind of intimately the pain points and the things that are evolved with once you get to the point where you need staff scaling hiring training all of that absolutely like and honestly like when I was running my own company as I told earlier like I was a full-time engineering student so I didn't have the budget like to hire like someone State side or had the time like to like run a portfolio of unit so it started as a need like for my own company like I started hiring people for my own company remote remote team members from overseas from my own property management company and then scaled from there yeah so in your experience both personally and then also working with people through extend team what are the types of things that really make sense for people to look into possibly Outsourcing through remote teams that's an excellent question like specifically like it's really important like to pay attention to like the type of person that's you are hiring and also like what kind of tasks one is willing to delegate to someone else right often times we or our portfolio companies like the companies that we work with typically have like about few hundred units but uh when we talk to smaller operators they're like complaining about the fact that they don't have time to grow their portfolio and they're they're running around like crazy so it's seem tasks that could be delegated it easily to others and then focus on your business growing your business making sure that your financials are in good shape rather than responding to like Wi-Fi troubleshooting issues in the middle of the night or answering like why early checking is not available like with a t time like in a week to different guests if that Mak sense yeah yeah so definitely gu guest communication is something that's relatively easy to you know document the answers to frequently asked questions and then pass that off to someone who can help I would say that's the like lwh hanging food eight 75 to 80% of our team members like work in some sort of like guest Communications Guest Services reservations role that doesn't mean that you won't be able to Outsource or delegate some more specialized roles to a remote team members whether they're based like State Side in a different state or overseas some other positions that we found success is revenue managements marketing coordinators executive admins maintenance coordination and dispatch position so we even like high like full stack Developers for like some of the uh property management companies that were like building their own property management system so anything that could be done remotely like we can help you with that that's great that's great I think that when people contemplate you know this concept of remote Staffing if you're not familiar with it even the thought of getting started is pretty overwhelming so what's kind of some tips or best practices that you would give someone who hasn't done any of this before doesn't even know where to start how do you successfully kind of get into this that's a good question like I guess like the key thing is like knowing what knowing and clearly like defining what tasks you're willing to delegate to someone else and what business functions you're willing to let go so for instance if you're like hiring someone for guest Communications you need to set expectations and tell that individual I expect you to like respond to all incoming OTA messages in less than x minutes or I expect the Phils to be answered like within three ranks these are like things like that we teach our team members to what we call extend team University but we work with like over like 150 companies right now in various sizes smaller operators with a handful of hums all the way to publicly traded RS and everyone runs their business a little bit differently so you need to like really like put what's you're in your head and what your like Sops are like on a piece of document it can be as simple as a Google doc or Word document it doesn't have to be like a SharePoint or like internal Wikipedia or consist just need to like set up your Sops so that your remote team members know whether like they're supposed to Grant like an early check-in for free because you're more focused on get the guest experience or whether they should be charging X dollar for an early check-in if the unit is available because profits come first right they need to understand like how you run your business yeah the documentation of that and there's actually well and I'll back up Sops in case people AR familiar with that acronym that stands for standard operating procedures so if you you know however you prefer to run your business like your example that you just Illustrated with how you would potentially handle someone who was inquiring about an early check-in or a late checkout just basically taking the time to document that and you know I know that a lot of people choose to use a screen recording software maybe like a loom or snagg it where as they're just working without really making the extra step of formally trying to do something above and beyond their normal activities they just capture themselves going about their daily operations and work and then that becomes a training video that could then be passed off and handed to remote team members to kind of begin that process absolutely and one thing that or new clients typically do is like they get on Zoom calls just like we're one one right now and do screen share like and have the new team member marry you just like just like they're sitting next to you so that's that's one other like way like to train uh remote team members obviously yeah highly effective I do use a remote team member myself and you know a lot of the software that I use for various aspects of my business for example I use a SAA I use canva for various things you're able to create teams in those platforms many of the platforms even like your property management software you can add team members typically and assign them various things but then they can actually as a the owner basically I can set up basic templates or basic flows and then they can just fall in and move through that flow that I've created and it it really does make a difference and simplify it yeah like and you know like we work with with like a wide spectrum of clients from different states and different parts of the country like so some people like can keep it simple and they just use like a shirt Google sheet they put the tasks assigned to deadline whereas like we see like some other companies using jira clickup Asana Trello like different project management tools so the key thing is like one question that I used to get a lot like when I first got into the business is how would I know like if these people are not slacking off and working and I asked the question like how do you know like that's your like employees that are like sitting in the office are not slacking like when you're like running around running errands and when you're out of the office so the key thing comes to like setting expectations right what is it that I'm expecting team members like to do like on a regular basis and if there are like any analog tasks or projects who's responsible for it what's the deadline and what's the scope of work yeah the the clear expectations and clear assignments does make a really big difference so okay so now someone who's thinking okay this is something that I want to step into that process of how do you then go about finding reliable team members and it's interesting that with extend team you guys specifically are niched down to the hospitality industry yes like so are our client bases short-term rental operators so not only like the hospitality industry but we focus mostly on the short-term rental space we have a small division that handles uh multif family and traditional rentals which we extremely laser focus in the Str Str space and as a result like we only hire people who work that like either like the rental companies or five star resorts before who speak better English than I do so we have like bunch of boxes that people need to check before they they can become like an extent team candidate then they go through extend team University like which we curated with our friends at KTN Kennedy training network. Kennedy it's a program that he created for us that educates individuals on the differences between like a state side us-based company and like a company that may be based based in Asia right like the slang that Americans use like how to communicate with guests what to do at difficult situations small talk stuff like that is what we teach we also look at people's capabilities of being able to coach you it's not very easy to find individuals who would you know like know this PMS and that Revenue management system and has five years of experience like in a guest communication so we looks for people's ability to learn those skills and their like attitude as well that's great and I hear you mentioning that there's kind of a vetting process and so when people reach out and connect with extend team looking for some remote team members kind of that initial vetting sounds like has already been done correct like so since we're like a fast going company like what we always have like candidates like what we call like they're like on the bench ready to be deployed because we sort of know more or less based on our sales figures like how many people we would meet and as a result like we we can place people in less than 14 days typically much faster it it the numbers go up a little bit if these are like specialized rules if you're looking for a full stack developer like who's going to help you like build a module on your PMS obviously we need a little bit more time and little more sort of like yeah yeah so what what would you say for people they they get a team member they're working with them and it's maybe not working out the way they had imagined what are some ways I mean I'm sure you guys have dealt with that helping people with that connection what are your thoughts on that dep as far as how people can increase the odds of success because I know so many people who went and hired a VA or a remote team member and they had them for a few months and then they're like oh I ended up letting them go so typically it really comes down to like all we talked about earlier right like setting up expectations and training them like even if I were to hire like someone who would be sitting right next to me it's very it it takes time like to transfer like the knowledge as well as like how One operates right everyone operates a little bit different and you know like my assistant and like Mar and like she's been with us for like two years now like she knows how I operate but if the more time and energy you put put in to communicate with your remote team member better they would be functioning and I guess like this applies to like old sorts of relationships whether it's like professional or personal you just need to communicate the typically like when we have issues where like our new clients are like not so happy about it like we tried to like turn turn the mirror and like so like did you actually like teach them on your policy oh no I was expecting this person to like move this guest from well like if you didn't give them the authority if you didn't tell them that they can move a guest from a two-bedroom condo to a four-bedroom ocean front house wouldn't you be upset if like the person took initiative and did that like it all comes down to training and communication yeah and maybe the expectation on our end as the short-term on a professional that there's going to be a a period that could potentially be a few months long where they're continuing that learning is continual you know sometimes there's this urgency when you you hire someone to be a remote team member because you're really eager to pass things off and you know people who Rush that handoff and who aren't willing to continue to kind of like you said mirror with them walk with them side by side and I found also and you can maybe speak to this the cultural differences depending on where your remote team members are from people from different countries can you know ex handle that feedback and that redirection and stuff differently I work with someone from the Philippines personally and I made sure at the very beginning of our employment relationship I let that team member know it is okay if you don't understand how to do something please let me know if you have questions I won't be mad I won't think you're not doing a good job like I don't expect you to know everything up front and it's really really okay and because I kind of diffused that right up front I was thrilled when I saw that she was asking me questions and seeking additional input and so then as the months have gone by she's just continued to grow and become a more and more valuable employee so I don't know that's been my experience you're you're spawn on like it's a two-way street right like communication needs to have flow like both ways and one thing that I've seen is I don't want to generalize but like this typically happens with smaller operators like typically like when they come to us they they have some sort of immediate need right and they they look look at us as like we would come with a magic wand and like take all their problems away the truth is like running a short-term rental business is not an easy job like especially like when you're like small and you're just getting started so sure like we can't provide you talented people but as a leader as the owner of the short-term rental company you also have to like roll up your sleeves and take the time to train these individuals and due to the fragmented nature of the SDR industry like every does things a little bit differently like when you look at the hotel industry which is a little bit more mature like both in Europe as well as state side or all across the world the policies and processes are like more or less standardized right if you work at a Hilton even if you like go to like a Marriott group like the check in like this you probably would be using Opera like as the system the housekeepers probably have the same so so piece or similar so piece VR in be so fragmented like it's if you're like at a mountain destination you may have to go to an office to get the keys one may be asking you just STP to beds believe it or not like despite us being in 2023 whereas like another company may be offering like daily like turn down service so it's very fragmented and we we see a lot of success at companies that have a good culture and good leadership if you will but based back to what you said about culture differences like we welcome diverse people and we work with comp team members Philippines Mexico chile like and everyone's love it difference so it's it's really good to like have like open communication lines as you mentioned and tell your team member listen it's okay for you to not get something that applies to people that are Bas State side as well so open communication is key absolutely and I think when I I felt like as I've been willing to extend that Grace it's developed more I feel like the relationship has developed more rapidly and the Loyalty has come along much quicker because they immediately begin to feel like I care about them and that I'm willing to invest time and effort into them I'm not going to just kind of make a quick assessment and you know let them go in a Flinch moment you know because it hasn't worked out in the first 30 days you know it's okay like Mary and like who's being phenomenal like in our uh company's growth she's seen like the company like evolved like almost from day one and just like me like she's not perfect she makes mistakes and you know like her and I like built that working relationship so if she makes mistakes she owes it then it's fine you know we all make mistakes we're not like super human beings or Bots at the end of the day people have good days people have bad days yep yep so and I know that you guys do not like the term VA a lot of people call them virtual assistants why is that that you guys have strategically chosen not to call them vas like something that I've decided to you like from day one like just because one space like in a different state or a different country or like 7,000 miles away from us they're not virtual they're like actual human big so why are we calling I just thoughted a set a concept of calling people who are like based elsewhere virtual assistants they're not virtual they're human beings if we're talking about elixa or Siri like sure like call those virtual assistants but I think we want to humanize what we do like at the end of today like I fly out to the Philippines to meet with 400 plus team members that we have there and they have families just like we do they have kids they they have issues they they have social life so like they're like human beings just like we are like so I just don't like the concept of calling people virtual just because they're like not based in the US yeah I love that and I absolutely agree with you so I'm glad that you guys have taken that position and I'm happy to support that with kind of the way I talk about remote team members is that how do you guys choose to call them we use like the word team members I think yeah remote team members is perfect yeah same basic thing okay so let's let's really talk very specifically about extend team now kind of what are the products that you guys offer you know obviously some sort of a remote staff and remote team product but break it down a little bit more than absolutely so we have like in a nutshell I don't want to bore you with a sales pitch but in a nutshell we have three product clients one is our Legacy product which is shouldn't be calling it product it's a service it's like dedicated to team members right so companies have managing anywhere from like 30 to like few th000 units come to us and they ask for like a team of like one team member like team of two people or like 20 people depending on their size and in most cases those dedicated police forces handle some sort of guest communication or reservations positions and these team members like work exclusively on one account one one client right so this is not a call center like they're like dedicated team members working the hours that you want them to work to just like anyone who would be like a w2f employee of yours and they in most cases they work like us hours unless you want them to work after hours the second product that we have is our accounting services that's like a shared service we have probably like 12 or 14 people on that team right now they help dozens of like us-based companies with their like monent processes generation of their owner statements accounts payable income statement and valy prep anything that would be done anything that needs to be done to close close out the month remittance of local taxes to City County like any authorities and if you have like a controller in place if you're like a large company that's fine you know like we work with companies of various sizes some companies Outsource 100% off their finances to us some companies like have like a hybrid approach where they have some people sitting in the office but they Outsource like the data and Fe and Fe of the invoices and like some admin tasks to our accounting services te last but not least I'm really excited about this because this is our first true sauce product our first software product that we built for smaller operators called Tailwind Tailwind is SDR industry's first guest Communication Service that uh where we respond to our clients OTA messages sell calls and text messages and we aim to Sol 9% or more of their issues this is not like an after hours answering service where we just take the message and pass the buck to like an onall person we actually integrate with our clients uh p pms's and Airbnb accounts and VB accounts so we respond to like all inbound guest communication whether it's sent through otaa text message call call email and we try to resolve the issues and we we've SE right now are piloting with probably like 20 clients 22 clients and we've seen like phenomenal success and the reason why we came up with that product is people in the industry have been hearing about extent they're like oh yeah like I need gas Communications great but they didn't had the need of like say like a five person team to cover 247 365 just because they didn't had few hundred units so with Tailwind it's a flat fee per unit per month that's our clients pay and uh we had all the guest community Communications I think that's going to be gaining more Tailwind in the upcoming uh months yeah well I actually kind of got not a sneak peek but I got word of this I had the opportunity to learn about this Tailwind product before you guys had fully launched it and I agree you guys are bringing something to Market that there is definitely a need for that I don't want to say burden it's really not a burden I love communicating with my guests but I also have a life right so it's great to think that I can you know and we already there are tools that can automate guest messages like I have a standard message that goes out to guests automatically when a reservation is confirmed or automatically the night before they check out to remind them of the you know two or three things to do before they leave but then there's always those little things that are you know specific custom questions or one-offs and so those are when I have to pick up my phone and respond right away and and it's not that difficult but you know when you're growing a portfolio of properties the Small Things add up and so and you know we you have you have ai now you know there's lots of places where people are like oh well AI will be able to generate that message and potentially respond to even those custom messages but I think that there's still a place where you know an actual human being can see that question or see the need that the guest has and be able to address it so and you know there's so it is it's kind of like this Enterprise level you know to this point that solution has mostly only been available at the Enterprise level you know big large property management companies that do have a you know staff and people dedicated towards guest communication but there's there's just a tremendous amount of smaller operators and even just people who started with one or two properties that their trajectory is growing a portfolio potentially becoming ho co-hosts and nurturing themselves professionally to become potentially a property management company down the road and so one of the barriers for people to be able to do that is potentially the time commitment that's involved and having yeah having a solution like Tailwind is really important absolutely and it's no about the time commitment per se but like what was bothering me like when be when I'm going like 15 years back like when I was running my own company it wasn't much time that it took but it was the fact that I had to be on call 247 365 like I was going to movies then like a guest is calling me because they they read the checkin instructions and they can't locate the lock box or the toilet is called right like so these are things that at the end of the day like in my opinion like this is not a real estate business like this is a Hospitality business like short-term rentals are mostly like Leisure Travelers and we need to be hospitable towards a guest and having that person on the phone pick up the phone when it rings or uh having someone to respond to text messages and OTA messages it may not take much time but the fact that it's not stackable and it those messages may come at any time like makes a lot of difference and so far like the feedback that we're getting is amazing because one one mother like picked up the phone and she actually thanked me personally for like having her own life back because now she can spend more time with her family and kids yeah you think about it right well I can give a personal illustration of this just this past weekend our family went camping we went camping into the mountains went fly fishing had a wonderful time and I would I looked at my you know calendar before I left touch base with my guests let them know there'll be this interval of time where I will not have internet service you know is there anything I can do for you before I go and you know and then I immediately checked back with them it I would love to have not had to worry about that and just to not even think about it I can be on a plane in airplane mode I can be out of cell phone signal any of these types of things and my business isn't going to skip a beat so fantastic fantastic so let's go ahead and I know that you are willing to extend a bit of an offer to people from extend team so why don't you tell us a little bit about that yeah like so typically like what our all of our services there's like a small on boarding fee Vault and we're willing to give 50% off on all our product lines uh product lines on boarding fees like for people who mention the podcast the solutions podcast great great that is fantastic so thank you so much Ari for taking thanks for having yeah to speak with me I loved it lots of really helpful information for people who have heard about you know V quotequote or remote team members and maybe didn't know what that looked like really constructive solid information so thank you for being on the show and again why don't you tell everybody I I think I forgot to mention it but why don't you tell everybody where they can find you and extend team sure like obviously you can find us on extent team.com and we'll be at a lot of trade shows like you know we'll be at vrma obviously we'll be at streamline I think we're doing live next year track so we'll be at almost every single trade show in the country so just stop by at our boot say hi or just go on extend team.com and click on contact us you can always email me at my personal email it's re extend team.com as well and have to chat with you as well thank you great all right thank you again for tuning into the show everyone we love having these conversations with the innovators that are designing the solutions that are shaping our industry if you have any questions about problems or issues that you are facing in your short-term rental business and want us to speak with companies that provide solutions for those problems please be sure to reach out to us you can reach me Christian stub.com you could also DM or message me on any of the social media platforms where you can find me we want to know how we can help you and just grow your short-term rental business so thanks again for tuning in to our show

- STR Series: Advantages of Visiting a New Market in Person: Kind: captions Language: en welcome ladies to the real estate investor show providing inspiration strategies and insight to empower women investors to live balanced and financially free lives now here are your co-hosts Liz and Andressa welcome back ladies this is Liz and this is andresa welcome back to the real estate investor show excited about today's episode because Jess and I went to go see a bunch of properties in Florida for a vacation rental and we are talking part two on this mini sewed about why you must visit the market that you are looking to invest in it's a must must must so I'm dressed I'm excited to get into that right today I am because we make so much assumptions right looking online and having Zoom calls and looking at the data don't get us wrong right that is always essential for you to evaluate the property but there are so many things that wrong assumptions that we made good assumptions that we made that really will make the change on how we evaluate so this is data that we could not get have gotten online so we're going to dissect that for you what we have learned and what can you get when you are looking at an out-of-state investment property I love this topic on Justin because there are there are two different schools of thought there are people that would say you don't need to actually go physically to the property or the market uh and there's a lot to be done as leveraging teams and what have you and you'll hear people right talk about in a podcast I'm I built my portfolio about ever stepping foot in that state or that market and good for them that's great um I think there's so much value that you're missing when you're not doing that and that's we're going to jump in today so let's look at the market the markets that the first piece of the puzzle and there's multiple pieces of the puzzle that's about Market we're gonna talk about property properties I should say and obviously team so what surprised you the most when we actually went to Florida about the market yeah we knew a bunch we did some research but what what did you get that you couldn't have gotten from Google from Google our friend Google so just to give a context right this is a series that we are talking here and if you missed the first one we're gonna put the link on the show notes for the the part one series but we are looking at a short-term rental a luxury property so the range is going to be around four or five million dollars eight nine bedrooms that that's what we're the contacts here so of course we we got comps and actives and we had schedules but from the airport right when we get the rental car and when we were driving to the destination that's when our experience kicks in right what are we looking at we're looking at construction on that road we are looking at developments on the side we are seeing it the transition we're looking at the details of the colors of the buildings to see okay this is more older looking brownish colorish oh this is for sure newer white black like slick cut you can see those things that you couldn't get when we were there right so when and you make assumptions like okay this is an older location what is crowded in New Jersey is not crowded in Florida and it those are assumptions over there but where where I got surprised in a good way was is that the location that we are looking at it is stable however there are plenty of new construction going on and plenty of other opportunities that we can totally see it that we did not see it before and we can't we we were able to get it by driving around and really creating the story about that specific Market I think the other big piece when you're actually driving around and you're there physically is this wonderful experience of the sub markets so just and I even before we said you know these are some of the properties they're in two different neighborhoods some of the properties and we've said you know from what we're seeing we really like you know Pro we like neighborhood a we don't like neighborhood B actually and then when we went to the properties and experienced the towns we flipped them we said actually we really like B because of actually it was half the taxes and for a few other reasons we'd like that and a you know just didn't seem as appropriate as what we were thinking before we got there so again literally you could flip your your hunches uh when you when you don't know that market inside out more importantly the sub markets and where you're driving we were able to drive to like how many communities undressing we're on our way to dinners we learned so much about who's coming here why are they coming here where are they coming from what they're eating here what they're eating what is available for hospitals for food Lifestyle the the cars that we saw it we kind of started like okay ABC neighborhood what's going on over here who you're serving where is our Avatar it's going to be hanging that's I think that I like that a lot one thing that you're seeing Liz is like really identifying the bubble right where is the bubble because I don't want to be inside the bubble so we had to identify that we want to be outside the bubble which leads me to the property right I was disappointed with the new that was my biggest take regarding the property I was freaking disappointed pissed off with the designs and architect drawings that whoever did that for the new construction properties yeah did not make sense to me a couple of the design choices that was made uh how you call slapjack what is it not Jack yeah Blackjack job just to you know build that up and rent it out amazing property that can take 20 25 people inside yeah then you can see the beach you could see them you can see the beach with this tiny hot tub on the outside no outdoor kitchen no nothing I was like oh my gosh and another one they could see the beach too uh no wheels what like what happened you just like recycled the the Arctic drawings from another location and just like put it here and we're so excited to see those properties and then when we saw that or like oh no no not at all I love what you said we were going through a uh what is it four million dollar property and on we looked out the window and then Jessica goes I do not want to see a sign that says 9.99 come get your floats you know and so now would you be able to see that on the listing no the listings don't include now you can do an aerial view of course or you know but if there's something so powerful about being there that you know literally on the left right we see all these signs and it's just an astute Point undressing made about you know here you are sitting in this four million dollar property and what's next to it is an eyesore and then we go to another property right next to it you know learning a little about the owner because a lot of these properties are are shifting hands Generations right the older Generations holding on to some of the older ones if they're not all of them are getting redeveloped so another eyesore interesting right could be good could be not so good so again it's that holistic approach when you're looking at the property it's not just the property because if there's just the property yeah you can get someone to go do a walk through for you real estate more than that we know that and that's what those eyes you have to have those eyes on everything 360. yeah absolutely and and I think that that is that is the key like what your experience is going to bring in here because it this is a short-term rental a luxury one we're focusing on the experience and the experience does not start when people check in they experiences are where they're going to park there's one property they need to go in the back of the house I'm a woman I don't want to go in the back of my house pardon my car in the back of anything right not doing that much right so everything I'm thinking like there is one remember that one that I said there's a mole like a everybody just to give you all a visual look it was a it looked like a little pop-up move indeed and there was things growing out of the roof right does that affect the experience of the people that are living that are going to be renting my property yes so if I were the developer by that do whatever you need to do in order to buy that because this is dropping like really quick you went down on the driveway when I look at that I was like oof down right pretty quick so the the next thing that we're going to talk about is team right we can totally build relationship with people through zooms and pet messages and emails but Liz you are the expert in building relationships here so what what you got out of it yeah I think there was it was a huge huge learning for us and just a huge experience in that we met with two Realtors you know great agents but it's it's not just the walking the property of the vetting the team it's the chatting after the property getting to know them more personally getting to know their their history in that market learning about all the other pieces of the puzzle you know the taxes we learned right about why one Community is literally one of the most fastest growing communities of the country why their taxes are they what they are and how that why they're so much higher than literally the town over got to half the taxes right could I have Googled maybe could I figure that out from a tax assessor and not been there maybe but in a few minutes I got that information from the person we're building the relationship with so again the key is who do you need to have on that team and who can be a resource tune again Beyond agents you know I like to think of team as a holistic approach the team is also the people you talk to the people you meet local investors now we didn't meet any local investors but the two agents were also investors themselves so they had that role within it which was great they had a hat on I talked to a gentleman on the way there Justin I like to sit next to each other I got upgraded and she was very sad people yes about that sure please shame Harold the comments that she'll ask me just tell us talking to the gentleman and he gave me his perspective and I picked his brain the whole time about the you know and a bunch of other things he was a p he's a pilot learned a lot about about other things but with regards to the to the market and to the properties and what the view is from people and and the you know things that you're just not going to be able to get so think of team as holistic think of teen as you're putting a deposit in the relationship if I then said to and I this is the lesson I'll say if we said to these agents you know what we're very serious about buying the property and we just kept emailing them send me a new listing send me a new listing send me a new listing don't you think it's a little different now that we've been there completely different properties but I'm saying the investment we made in that time investment of time taking our weekend and Justin I love real estate so and we have fun together too we laughed a lot but we really you know we made an investment in the relationship and in the market now whether we make offers on these three or four properties is is kind of here or nor there we're not attached to that but I that's a huge relationship like they're gonna take you seriously someone gets on a plane from Pennsylvania to Florida all right we would take these people seriously then the next real estate agent in years a long line of them right that say send me your listings I'm just like everyone else well you know what we differentiated ourselves and we differentiated our seriousness yeah that matters they get to know us right while we're looking at when I I came across a property that the circle was all coming out right what's happening here but I think that the other thing that I really liked about them the side scoop of the market but they also gave us great tips of experiences we went to a local restaurant over there because I want to eat the food I want to drink the coffee I want to go to the breakfast place because those are the areas the places that my avatar that we're serving the guests that are renting the short-term rental that's what they're going to do right so they didn't say oh just go to Starbucks right here on the corner no no go to this local coffee place and they have this English muffin there and go to this this breakfast area here and by the way there is this flea market Happening Here There is this Fair happening there so you start seeing like who is doing what there that's like an inside scoop how easy it is to get there how is it is to park I am like walking the walk as if I am my avatar and that gives me much more confidence into really saying okay Market plus property plus team equals d feel because it's all needs to match right yep and that's an experience that they're going to be getting all needs to match overall I think we are on the right track and I stay tuned people because we're we're we record a ton of Beats and pieces of of videos about what was coming up for us as we were doing it so if you are looking to invest outside we are going to be sharing our journey to buy a short-term rental out of state stay tuned and ask questions if you're curious about what happened here what happened there or if you have a situation that you want to share with us ask away we're here to serve all right thank you so much bye if you enjoyed this podcast and want to receive updates on our next interviews go to our website the realestateinvestor.com there you can subscribe to our show become part of our investor community and get updates on upcoming episodes if you like our show please share with other women who would benefit and don't forget to leave us a rating on iTunes we'd really appreciate it and as always we encourage you to take one action as a result of today's show and put it into motion so you can live both a financially free and Balanced Life thanks for spending time with us ciao

  Top Comments:
  1. @DonnaGalanti: This is very timely for me! I've zoned in on an ideal market about 5 hours away from me in my state. I am going there in April for a few days to explore, research, and also meet up with other investors/buyers/agents I've already made connections with. I've also joined the local REIA group. I can see myself visiting every couple of months to keep building connections and hope to find a partner who has boots on the ground there. Thanks for all the great info here!

- Power of STRONG Relationships | How to Build Trust and Relationships | Sonu Sharma: Kind: captions Language: en-IN People always care about this thing that do you care about them or not! You should know the dreams of five people on your team. The problems of five people on your team, you should know! Let me tell you again, relationships matter a lot! Don't waste your time! You need at least these three qualities to become great in this business! No. 1 Relationship building I always say this, "Relationships are more important than product." Relationship are more important than opportunity! important than compensation plan! Relationship are more important than skills! The most important thing in this world, to do network marketing is relationship! Ladies and gentleman, relationship has more value than product! Relationship has more value than business plan! Your skills, the talent you have , my friend, relationship has more value than that! value than opportunity! If you do not have the skill of building relationships, you cannot become a great leader in network marketing! Leave network marketing, you cannot become a great leader in the world if you do not have the skill to build relationships! let me tell you, people always care about whether you care about them or not! People are always interested in themselves, not in your earnings. Heed my words! People want someone to talk to about their dreams. People want someone to talk to about their goals. talk to about their problems. People want someone to talk about them! One job of leaders is that they should know how to build relationships. I want to tell you again, in my career of 20 21 22 years, I have seen one thing, I have noted one thing, I have realised Those leaders who have good relations with their top leaders, they grow a lot! Those people who they grow and leaders who do not have good relationships with those below them, no matter how capable they are, do not grow! You always have to keep this in mind, if you move forward in this business, it doesn't matter if you are on 5%. Develop a Quality My Friend, maintain good relations with person below you! Right! How to develop a relationship? Relationship develops by asking questions! How to build relationship? How to build? Ask questions! What questions to ask? Ask questions to your downline, what do you want to do in life, what is your dream? Top 5 people on your team, I say top 5, always identify top five! Never work in a crowd, it never happens. Always identify top five! You should the goals of five people in your team. You should the dreams of You should the problems of You need to know everything about five people in your team that those five people know! Don't try to work in large crowds! Catch five my friend, top five! And build such a relationship with them that they are ready to live and die for you! If you don't do this then people will keep leaving you. People will keep leaving you! No one leaves relationship! People become unhappy with their people. I just won't do it with you! relationship matter a lot! Even if the money doesn't come, then also he will not leave you and go anywhere, if you have great relationship with him! He will say, I will die of hunger but not leave you and go anywhere! If your relationship with him.. Try that with the top five people you have great relationships! How to build strong relationship? By asking questions! It's written above, Gandhi connects with people. Mahatma Gandhi In 1915, he returned from Britain after practicing law! In 1915 The man who has been a lawyer in 1915, can't be stupid! Something else going on in WhatsApp University, that is a different matter. But in reality, there are 110 such countries where the statue of Mahatma Gandhi is still installed! People of 110 countries believe in Mahatma Gandhi! It is a different matter that a worthless person sitting on WhatsApp is abusing him. Who doesn't even have ₹2000 in his account! Don't leave it, let's not go to that topic! A man who passed from London, Britain in 1915, who was lawyer and a barrister, he left the upper clothes, he wanted to connect with people! There was no cloth in India during that period, there was no money, there was hunger! He used to say that I will cover only that much body so that respect remains! So that I can tell you that I am also like you! Don't consider me a lawyer, don't think of me as a big man, don't think I'm a far away man, I'm just like you! When Gandhi started doing this, people connected themselves with Gandhi. Relationship was build! I always say that in that era there was no whatsapp, facebook, twitter or linkedin. Gandhi is giving a speech, 5 lakh people have gathered, because they used to connect with Gandhi! boys and girls! After telling you a story of 20 years, does anybody know my intention? So you can connect with me, that he is just like us! When you say in the market, I can do it but you can't, people leave you! When I say again and again in my speech that I am also stupid! If I can do it so can you, so what you do is connect! Why people connect with Sonu Sharma? Because they know he is just like us! He is just like us! My language, my vocabulary is like a rowdy, why? Because people connect with me! I don't use any words that you have to open a dictionary to understand! Yes! 300 videos have been uploaded on YouTube, 300 only! And I have crossed the 10 million subscribers in just 300 videos! I haven't done anything big, only 300 videos and this is not magic, this is not an overnight event, It's just one thing, that wherever people meet me, whether at the airport or anywhere, only say one thing, your words reach straight into the heart! Your words reach straight.. I want to tell you that relationship matter a lot in this business! This is what I have to say to all leaders, with your top 5 people, like fist has five fingers, there should be such a relationship! You should also know what color underwear he wears. You should know all, about his sorrows and troubles, what problems are going on at his house, why is he upset, what does he like, you should know all, When there is such bonding with you then you tell him, your Mercedes is coming, I know, of silver color, I want to work for your mercedes! I know you want to build a house there, I want to work with you for your house! So whatever level you are at, my friend, don't underestimate that you are at 5%, these people are crown directors, you hold on to this relationship building, you will leave anyone behind within the next 3 years! Just catch 5 people, catch five people with you! If you are 10 percent then catch 5 people, their sorrow and happiness should be your sorrow and happiness, their problem is yours, don't take the contract to change the whole world! I will change the whole world! Even your father can't change. God can't change it! Mahabharata happened during his period, can change it? No! Can you change everyone? Only catch five, try your best! Try from your side that changing the lives of these five people is my responsibility. And they should feel this that he thinks about me from his heart! Because see, no matter how much drama you do, even then it is understandable! Relationship! You will have to learn this skill, if you want to succeed in vestige! If you understand then say yes! Relationship matter a lot! Only with 5 people. 1500 people are sitting here, if you make a relationship with five people then you have 75 hundred people under your control! 75 hundred people are with us today itself! If those 75 Hundred people made relations with their 5 people, What a wonderful net this is, man! When you make two people consistent, your five people immediately do two, because the relationship is like this! You whisper into their ear, hey do it, don't you have to buy Mercedes? You wanted to take 2BHK inside Indrapuram, when will you take it? Do! When you know nothing about him, with what right will you say this? You don't get PV by just asking for it, my friend! You don't get PV by demanding for it. To demand PV one has to reach his heart. Leave PV he will give his life for you, If you reach his heart once! You do it with your heart, you try understand his problems, Ask him what he wants and what is his problem. Sit together and eat, sit together and chat, share your well-being, tell about yourself that I am also like you. Don't present yourself smart in front of him! That I am God! No one is like me! You are my child! I have come to change your life! It doesn't happen sir, it doesn't happen. When you are not connected, you can't convince! You connect and you can convince him! So the first fundamental is that relationship building is very... There is a line written in Hindi, read it out loud. People always care about this thing, that whether you care about them or not!

  Top Comments:
  1. @4everr_0007 [9 likes]: 2026 me kon kon dek rha hai
  2. @aasiftotar3006 [1 likes]: Love you sonu sharma sir
  3. @RenuKumari-jj1gx [1 likes]: Haa isi relationship k chakar mein kuch jyda hi vo intrest lete hain ladki aur ladka  dono hotel k room mein trip k bahane milte hain aur us trip mein hotel k room mein gajab ka dhamaka karte hain isi relationship mein😂😂😂
  4. @MonuSingh-m2s1x: ❤
  5. @fitorhitchanel378: ❤






❤







❤






❤
  6. @rikuparsaio24: 😊😊😊❤
  7. @amannoida1: Thanks sir 😊
  8. @nareshmehta4679: Sir mei first meeting kerne ke baad client ko sirf WhatsApp msg kerta hu,call nahi kerta hu,meri sale close nahi hoti,kya WhatsApp msg is not sufficient, calling is important.
Pls Reply
  9. @Ankush_Jatav777: Right
  10. @FF_gaming_ravi: Super snr ji 🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
  11. @NishaKumari-z8p8d: Jindgi bdelegi meri sonu sarma sir❤ki wajh se❤
  12. @Dharmendrad5u: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  13. @Supriyo____JI: Kon kon ye same problem ho raha hai 😊
  14. @ShankarMistri-l3q: ❤❤❤❤❤ 1:42
  15. @ShankarMistri-l3q: D̊i̊l̊  s̊e̊ n̊m̊s̊k̊år̊❤❤❤❤❤
  16. @ShankarMistri-l3q: 1:42 1:42 ❤❤❤❤❤s̊e̊ n̊m̊d̊k̊år̊
  17. @AdvikYadav-gm3bs: Apane AAP par vishwas kre
  18. @harshsingh4828: Smjha to dete boss
  19. @Bhagrajsen-u6v: https://relantioshiporgfbfromantic2026guide.blogspot.com/2025/12/2026-me-relationship-janiye.html
  20. @AsifAnsari-hq3rs: Jisko dirct selling me kaam karna hai wo msg kare

- 21: Saying No and Staying Aligned: Unique STR Business with Mike Sebastian: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey everybody, Tanya Rooney here with Tribe Builders Podcast and I am super excited to have this guest today. I just got to learn even more about him and I pretty much told him I need to be best friends with him because my god, there's so many things that I want to ask him and I just want to ask all these questions and find out more. So I'm excited to ask him more questions on the podcast and get you to get to know him as well. So welcome Mike Sebastian. How's it going? It's good, it's very good. One down on this side of the world, I love it. Awesome. Where are you coming from today? Where are you sitting in the United States right now? All right, awesome. only been here for a few weeks now, so it's new to me and everyone else. I love it That, that's awesome. Okay, so, well, perfect segue. Like, what are you doing in Louisville, Kentucky, Mike? So we, I just moved here, we left Seattle a year and a half ago and I've been in an RV kind of traveling around since then. But we landed here so that we could specifically be here for our builds. So we've got six unique builds going on and Red River Gorge, there's a couple more that are gonna follow up once those are done. And then we've got a potential 72 acre development that we're looking at right now and all of that needed someone to be hands on. So. Whoa, okay, so now tell me about like, I hear builds, I hear all these things, I think it's something to do with short -term rentals. Tell me more about like, what's the company that you have, what's the business that you have going on? Yeah, so we've got the hideaways, myself and Jordan Holmes run the hideaways and we build and then manage unique short -term rentals across the United States. Mainly focused in Kentucky. We've got some in Georgia, Ohio and Washington, but trying to really focus here. There's a lot of opportunity, a lot of really good people here that we've found. So we've bought, I think seven houses down there right now. We're building six more. And then if we can land this 72 acre deal, we'll have quite a bit more to work with and start putting some really unique stuff up in cliffs and whatnot. That's super awesome. And tell me, do you guys talk to hosts about things? Like you have another business on top of your short -term rental business, right? Tell me about it. So my goal in kind of all the spin -off things, I'll call them, that I like to do is to have one database point, if you will, say, so like E6 in a spreadsheet, right? If that one action that I do every day can populate 15 different places, right? Whether it's social media or emails to the guests or training hosts in that case. And it's just one thing that I have to do every day, then it's something that I'm really interested in because it doesn't take any more bandwidth for me to actually do that action. So what we've done is we are building, we are advertising to guests for guests to come stay with us. So what we've done is taken all of those systems of processes that we've built and then put them into a platform to help educate other hosts. about building, about guest messaging, about systems and innovations, about marketing, you name it on the STR side, but it has to fit within something that we're already doing. We're not learning new skillsets to train anybody. We are hosts first and then educators second. So build your hideaway is what you're talking about. And that is a host education platform for unique short -term rental hosts. That's awesome. Can you tell me more about like when did that start and like what that group looks like right now? So that started ironically, I want to say four years ago. But it has only been really running, I want to say, for the last eight months, maybe six months. I started, I had a passion project. Before I was, I was a host, but I had one short -term rental at the time. I still owned a marketing agency, and I really wanted to be a better writer. So I decided to start a blog called Superhost. And I had like Superhost with two U's and I just launched it and I would just write every single week. I was like, I'm just going to write until I'm good at writing. Right. I'd read a bunch of books. I'd taken some courses. I was, sucked at it. I still kind of suck at it, but I just wanted to write until I was good at writing, but I didn't want to write about marketing because it changes so quickly. So I wanted to write about hospitality and hosting and guest experiences and all that kind of stuff. was way more interesting to me at the time. So I brought that to Jordan, like randomly on a call one day. And he was like, I think this is a thing. He's like, I think we could actually do this. So in that time period, our brand had kind of changed from the 15 different ideas that we had that we'd have put together into this hideaways theme. So everything we do is under the hideaways umbrella. And we had all of our Rockhaven hideouts and Heartland hideaways and all these different like hideaways in our names. So we have the Hideaways umbrella. And then what we did is we took Superhost and we changed it to Build Your Hideaway instead of, you know, Discover the Hideaways is the other side. So we got the guest side and the side. So we took all the content that was there. We kind of revamped it into actual training material courses. And then as we got further into this, it's all geared now towards unique builds specifically. But one of the beautiful things about unique builds is if you do it right, you're going to have three times the reservations that people do with non -unique builds. And they're going to be three times the dollar value, which means you have to have everything under that dialed in. You got to have your messages. You got to have your workflows. You got to have your marketing set up. Everything needs to be really dialed in in order to handle the volume that you can get. So in that course has all of those things as well, like your foundational elements, as well as now how do you stand out? How do you get that traffic that you need to really populate the top funnel? That's super cool. how do you, so people could sign up for this course and then do you have like a community that hangs out in a Facebook group and a Slack? Like what does that look like? We do. We've got 3000 people in the community. There's 105 right now inside of our Facebook group that are active daily posting questions, posting that kind of stuff. And then we do free weekly calls. Right now it's twice a week. I don't know if we'll continue twice or just once, but free weekly calls every Monday and every Friday. It is literally just a pow wow people that enjoy hosting that want to get on and learn some stuff. we have every Monday we come with a topic where we'll talk about, you know, performers or finances or marketing or social media management or whatever. whatever we want to talk about. and whatever's top of mind that week for us. And then we kind of say like, we're hosts first, right? Like I'll cancel a call because I need to deal with something with a guest because I'm a host for, don't want to be the person that's training on something I'm not doing. So it's like, we're hosts first. So whatever it is, it's top of mind for us is what we're going to talk about. This is what we impacted this week. We had a bad guest, had, you know, a bad review, whatever it is, we're going to bring that and we're going to talk about it. But then anything that anybody has questions on, you know, come, we've got a hundred people in the group, ask a question. We might spend 60 seconds. We might spend 60 minutes just talking about that topic. depending on how passionate everybody gets and whatnot. And it's very, it's fun. It's such a blast. Like I absolutely love just connecting with other hosts in real life. Mm -hmm. Has there been anything in your group? So you do you guys have a paid mastermind as well? No, so we have a couple trainings. actually doing a live training right now. It's an eight week live training, hands -on training, where we go through seven or eight people in this cohort that we go through their specific, like one wants to invest in Asheville, one wants to invest in Hunter, New York. So we're taking their exact market and putting it through our process. And then basically at the end saying, like, how do you feel about investing here now? So we do those kinds of things. And then we have a couple, I want to call them like a la carte. Things like we've got a whole revenue management course. So if you're in price labs and you want to make more money with your rental, this will take you step by step, screen share the whole way. I've got like a Airbnb SEO. So if you want to increase your rank on Airbnb week over week over week over week, like there's a course just for that. So they're more like all of car courses. okay, cool. So I'm curious then, so you have a pretty big Facebook group with all kinds of people in it. Has there been anything that's come up that's really surprised you within the community? So like you weren't a part of either the conversation or just something that's like, this thing happened and it was so cool. So there's like a recurring theme that we're actually trying to get away from. It's really funny. Which I know everybody that we talked to is like, go with the uniqueness, leave with the uniqueness. The uniqueness is what like, and it's true. Like the uniqueness is what makes money. The uniqueness is what gathers the attention, the attention drives the desire, the desire drives everything. That model works, but what's funny is that people in the Facebook group don't understand it when they first get there. They're like, that's cool, but I don't have like a million dollars to like float a box across a river and put it on an island and all this kind of stuff. So it takes a while for them to get there. What everybody wants to know in the beginning is systems and email marketing. Like those two things are like, how do you do? I don't even know what an email service provider is. Like how would I ever sign up to that? kind of inching them along like this is, it's gonna take five minutes out of your day and then you're done, right? So you've learned that part, let's move on, you know, like let's go to the fun part. And then I think the other part is like what, how the unique build and how the unique elements, we call it unique stacking, right? Adding more and more more unique features to your listing, but how those things can be $30. Everybody's like, you need to build, that's going to be a million bucks. It's not. You can do a big rope swing for less than $30, build it yourself, drill a hole, and screw it in. It's not as complicated as people need to make it. that's super cool. And has it been fun to watch people in your community like actually watch it work? You know, as in you teach them, you know, to add a rope swing and then you get to see like the progression of what they're doing. Is there anything super cool? out. They're like so excited about it. And I'm like, I told you, like, it looks better than I expected it to look like. I'm so stoked. So it's true. It's, it's just, it's just like a, a limiting belief in their head where they're just like, I never perceived it that way. So like, when you break it down, like, I don't know when I was so it brings me like way back 2014, I was working for a company and like, if anybody can see like my screen, right. We would go into a meeting, there's 30 of us, we'd go to a meeting here and we would talk about here. The company is going to go from here to here, it's going to be there, it's going be great, we're going change the world, everybody's going to be super pumped when we're done with this project. We would all leave on cloud nine, we'd be like, my gosh, this is going be awesome, we're going to change the whole world. then everybody would go back to their desk and they would be like, well, whoever has to do that, like that sucks. That's a lot of work. know, no, nobody, nobody connected the dots. And it was like, you don't, you don't need to jump, you know, from 2014 to 2024. What you need to do is just put one foot in front of the other, right? You know, start that first little piece. And that's exactly what this is with Unique Stack. like you do one thing, you see the revenue jump. You do one more thing, you see the revenue jump. It could be $30 and then $50. And eventually you have enough money coming in to say, I'm going to build like the most unique, crazy, like abstract build that I've ever seen, put it out there and like start making real big bucks. But it is, it's just kind of getting them out of their own head. I mean, like it doesn't have to be complicated. Do one thing today. know that's super awesome. So it sounds like you maybe have navigated limiting beliefs in a certain way. Like I like to talk about mindset stuff as often as I can just to show people that everybody has limiting beliefs. This isn't a new thing. It's just we all get over them differently. So what kinds of things do you do? Like A, do you have any limiting beliefs? You know, maybe give an example and then how do you get over it? Yeah, I definitely have limiting beliefs. I think one of my favorite things to do is try and identify and break through those. And it's like, if this is a limiting belief, how can I get around that? Is it education? Do I need to talk to a mentor? Do I need to find somebody? I've reached out to people that were, in my view, unattainable. I was like, you are the hero in this story. And then you reach out on Twitter and they're like, let's jump on a call. And it's like, blown. Like, how's that possible? And then they start telling you things that are just, they make it simple. They break it down. And I think that's kind of like where my goal with that comes from. When I started my first company in 2014. I was terrified because payroll and taxes, right? On day one of running my company, I was not responsible for payroll or for taxes. I didn't know anything about it. I just needed to start the company. I didn't think through that because I had built up this mountain of a problem. which was payroll and taxes. And I had a guy that actually was like, he heard that I was starting a company or one and two. And he was like, sit down with me. He's like, let's just get lunch. So we went to this awesome salad place in San Diego. And he was like, I asked him like all of my questions. And at the very end, he's like, you need QuickBooks. He's like, it's not the best solution in the world, but it answers every single thing that you just asked me. And he literally took this mountain of a problem that I had and answered it with one word. and a $25 a month subscription. And I was like, my whole life trajectory just changed after that point, right? Because of a $25 a month subscription and one word. And I was like, that's crazy to think about that. that little thing, that little obstacle was gonna stop me. It was gonna keep me in the W -2, the J -O -B for the rest of my life. And I think those kinds of things are what I try and break through now. am a little, I need some more limelight right now because sometimes I'm like, that's a good idea, let's do it. It's like, I have no idea how we'll get there. Let's just like sprint until we can actually like figure it out. So it's good that I have a business partner now that's like, Maybe not that one today. It's like, let's, let's do this one today. You know? Yeah. That's fantastic. So, so it sounds like though that you kind of know how to utilize your community for things like this. Like you just named a couple of people, somebody that reigns you in, hence Jordan, your partner, and then somebody that you had lunch with just that just blew your mind. Like, how did you know that person that you had lunch with? That was a different me. That's a different lifetime. That was a friend of a friend of a friend in a small group of people that I met in San Diego when I first got there. Actually, good story. Everybody loves a good story. Everything comes in waves, right? And the wave today has been stories. So I'm going to tell this one. I met a girl on Tinder and that girl met a hair cutter on, what's the Groupon? On Groupon. Yeah, Groupon, okay. so she went twice I went once in the middle of that because I was like I need a haircut I don't know where this is so around everybody around here So I went there got my haircut broke up with the girl that I met on Tinder We started dating for a while broke up with her And the hair cutter actually texted me and was like, Hey, it's about time for your haircut. And I was like, it's okay. Like Jen and I broke up, you know, I don't, I don't need to come back. And she's like, well, I'm not going to lie. She's like, you were way cooler. So why don't you come in and I just won't text her for her appointment. So that, yeah. Fast, fast forward. That was, that was 2013 fast forward, literally to 2023, November, 2023, me and her husband. the hair cutters husband who by the way she hadn't even met in 2013. Right? So me and the hair cutters husband are walking around Red River Gorge in Kentucky looking at land and both put $250 ,000 each into a project so that we could be business partners and invest together. So yeah. Okay, I love that you say this because I feel like I have so many of these stories and I think a lot of people in real estate or in business have these because you never know where the community is gonna come from. Like you're building it every single day. Like right now, if you're a business owner, you're building your tribe, whether you know it or not, because all of a sudden the like random little thing you'll get from somebody is just... Yep. Like you don't know that it's gonna happen in five years or 10 years or 10 minutes. of Tinder and Groupon that did it for me. was just like, this is it. It wasn't in the thousands of dollars I paid on masterminds and training and courses and events and networking. It was Tinder and Groupon. That was my secret sauce right there. Well, I think it's great because it but it's also about fostering some kind of conversation and like fostering some kind of relationship and it doesn't mean that you have to do it even that often. Like how many times would you say you talked to that gal in the last 10 years? Was it like daily? Was it weekly? Was it yearly? talked so. In the beginning, for the first year, getting my hair cut a couple of times and whatnot, that was it. Over that year, we developed a really close friendship. got really close. So we were, after that, hung out two or three times a week. After that, and then once she got married, I started hanging out with her husband. I had known him through their dating cycle and whatnot, or dating phase, whatever you want to call it. But we became really good friends. And then we all had this shared business entrepreneurship interest. So the two of them and myself, and my wife's a teacher, bless her heart, she does not care. about the entrepreneurship side at all. So she loves the houses but doesn't care about the actual business side. So it's the three of us when we get together and I'll go do that and then we come back and hang out with my wife. but yeah. that's really cool and just like pointing out, like you never know what's gonna happen with one relationship. Like that could have been a story of somebody you met at a mastermind, it could have been you met somebody at an event like anywhere, but it's just fostering relationships that like feel aligned, that feel like it's a good conversation. You just keep going, you know? I like that phrase like that feel aligned because in the beginning of my entrepreneurship journey, I was trying to pour into everyone, right? And learn from everyone and be present with everyone. like, I know relationships are like how this works. So I need to just meet everyone and talk to everyone. And then I realized a few years in, I was like, well, you can't meet everyone. can't be present with everyone because there's too many people, right? You're just you're just going to run out of time. But it is and actually I do this right now. So I drive down to the Gorge. It's two hours from where I live right now. I drive down there once a week and clear my entire calendar. And my only goal is to be present with the people that I'm potentially going to be present with that day. If I get on the computer and I do other work, that's fine. But I'm not planning on doing that. And last week, it was 7 .50 in the morning. I text a guy that had a sign up for property for sale. He's like, when will you be there? And I was like, I'm here. He's like, I'll see you in 10 minutes. I spent four hours with him. We had 10 minutes notice, he drove up, he just wanted to show me all the stuff that he was doing in Kentucky. So we just drove around, place to place to place to place. Turns out he knows the builder, he knows some contractors, he knows a handyman that I need today. So I texted him, I was like, do you know a handyman? He's like, I know everyone, you just let me know who. So, but that presence is really what does it and it is not fakeable. I can't show up and pretend to be present. It's not something that's possible in my opinion. And it has led, that single thing has led to more opportunities, connections, growth, personal development, you name it, than any other single activity. But it is also important to make sure that's like kind of selfishly, that it aligns with you, right? Where are you going? What are you interested in? What are your goals? because if you meet me today, I might not be that person for you. I'm not gonna be that person for everyone, right? So, and if that's the case, that's fine. You don't need to be best friends with me for the next 10 years, right? But giving it that split second of an opportunity or a couple of minutes of an opportunity to really like, like you and me, like, where are you going? What are you doing? Who are you interested in? Who do you talk to? And it's like, there is something there. Let's, you know, take another 10 minutes here. Yeah, no, absolutely. think, I think once I realized like I've been in my, I'm going to call it my mindset journey for a while now, cause I got into real estate and then there's just, there's a lot going on. There's a lot of things to learn. And I feel like mindset is a really big part of that. And then realizing alignment goes with mindset is really, really important. Like being aligned with the people around you, the stuff that you're doing. Like if everything is hard every single day, you're probably doing it wrong. like there's too much friction and I think learning that about yourself especially in an entrepreneur world like you you got to like you got to learn how to get stuff off your plate and be like this is the aligned things I'm working on and these are the people that I'm working with like the people that I talk to every single day about hosting I'm aligned with them like we are literally so synced up on some things. It's crazy. Like we have the same crazy stuff happen here and there and it's just but we know how Just, again, we're aligned. Like, that's the perfect word to put on it. It's my favorite thing when you're like we use a sauna I hate texting and honestly not all phone calls So we sauna so I can answer on like my time and allow like other people to do the same It's such a beautiful thing when the person that you're working with so frequently or the person that you're talking to so frequently your conversation changes from, you OK if I do this? To, hey, I just did this, sending to you for visibility. Because you know that both of you are going to think the same way about it. It's like, I know that you're going to be OK with it, but let me know if there's anything I'm off on. Yeah, think that's awesome. It sounds like you have a pretty aligned partnership, is a big deal. I mean, because it's marriage. I go into a partnership thinking, this is just another marriage. It's just with different kind of exchanges of money. Because really, marriage still has an exchange of money. of times divorces all that stuff but a marriage in like or a partnership is the same dang thing like you got to be very very on the same page. I think that there's, I feel like in my... in my worldview, everything is balanced, right? Either in the macro or the micro, but everything will be balanced. So if you're feeling like elated over something today, it's like, just make sure that you've already balanced out the other side of that. And if you're feeling super down, just know something great is coming, right? But I don't know if I feel that way about the, I do agree with the marriage analogy, but the relationship marriage and the business partnership marriage, it's like the business partnership marriage is lacking all of the good parts of the relationship marriage. And I'm like, when it goes bad, it goes real bad. I've been in those where I'm like, what in the world is happening? So I completely agree though. You've got to make good decisions there for sure. that fun. And you just have to prepare the same way you would with a marriage is with a prenup. You would do that with a contract with a partner. And yeah, it can be it can be gross. So that's awesome. Okay, tell me a little bit about I want to talk about like, so you've made a lot of relationships along the way. I mean, you've already given some pretty good examples of them, but is there one thing that you've made money from that came specifically from a connection within your community that's like, you know, you, there's no way you would have that opportunity without that person being in your life or in your community. Yes, honestly, everything that we've been talking about with Build Your Hideaway. So it was a passion project. It was not going to be what it is today by any means with just me writing blogs. I wasn't going to turn into that. so Jordan, my whole relationship with Jordan, finding Jordan to be business partners with was through another community. So I, I was in, I had bought three houses in Washington, started to venture over to Blue Ridge, Georgia and realized like, need more education. My, my knowledge, I don't know if it was a limiting belief as much as just lack of knowledge on how to invest in things. I was like, I need to educate myself before I invest more. So I joined another mastermind, met Jordan. And it's like this, like, just like you said, it's like, there's just this like symbiosis. So was like, makes sense. And there were, I to say 200 people in that mastermind. He was the only one that I was like, my gosh, like that's me and this guy could crush it right now. So we started talking a little bit more, started talking about unique rentals, started kind of going down the rabbit hole of like, what would a business partnership look like? And immediately, like it was like light bulbs going off. It's like, yes, yes, yes. We started, you build your hideaway. We've also got Horizon Hideaway as the top company for everything and just started investing, started finding, you know, deals, finding investment deals, investors in our deals and whatnot. And we got to seven properties in the gorge really quick. So we've got 16 total between the two of us and then seven of those are combined. So that all happened in two years. Yeah, that's awesome and all because of a good conversation at a mastermind event of some kind. It was the mastermind was digital at first. And then after we had decided this, they put on an in -person event. both he and I went there. Since then, we've been meeting up at these job sites almost every other month. tell me a little bit more about the stuff that you used to do? Because it sounds like you have a marketing background. And can you tell me, like, was there a lot of community stuff surrounding, like, what you did there? Yes, so I had outside ROI, was a marketing agency that I used to own. I sold in October of 2023. I'm a renter for, it was like just under 10 years. But that was in that space. Our primary client was mindfulness based clients. So Sounds True, Shift Network, Deepak Chopra, Brene Brown, and Cartole, all them. And I, there wasn't a single company that we worked with that didn't have their own version of a community. Like all of them had different names, you know, some were masterminds, some were tribes, some were groups. Like it just depended on what they wanted to call it. But all of that was to bring people together and connect them in that community. So Deepak was his whole health and Eckhart was, you know, power of now, power of presence and those kinds of focused groups, depending on what people needed. And it was. I don't know, having like an external view of that was really beautiful because it was, I would see people come in, when people came into Eckhart's group, right? You had power of now, power of presence. are two entry level groups for him, depending on what it is that you're looking for. know, at that point in your life, what book you resonated with, right? And he would have those groups, he'd bring these people together. But then we call them Akardians. So you would see them, you'd see them like advance and develop in their own mindfulness journey. And then they would like level up to the next group, and they'd level up to the third group. And then they would do this like big in person conscious manifestation event, where it was a week or two weeks and super expensive, and they'd fly somewhere and they do all this. But it was beautiful to watch that like, wherever you are is that place to start in your journey, right? There's going to be a group for you, but it's also freeing in nature because if you're in a group and you're like, I don't know if I'm getting out of this, what I used to get out of it. It's not necessarily because something changed other than you advanced, right? You stepped forward and this group is still teaching you the 101. So it's like, Hey, just find the 201 group, right? Go there, go to the next one and continue on your journey, knowing that like you are in control of your journey. that's sore. I just really love what you just said because I've had these conversations about masterminds kind of being like a trip to college. It might be four years, and honestly, it might only be four quarters. But showing that, and then once you get to that spot, instead of creating friction on how you're not getting your money's worth anymore and you're answering too many people's questions and all of this stuff, you just graduate out of it. And it's okay to do that, to find your next group, and then to treat that like your alumni. I love the college that I went to. proud of it, I still talk about it that way. So I started to treat the masterminds I've been a part of the same way. Like I still cheerlead the first mastermind I ever joined, because I think it's fantastic. Like it's it it it my God, it introduced me to so many different things. Yeah, like I just, I my mind, can't even, I don't even recognize the person that I was 10 years ago, nor five years ago. And so I think of those masterminds very fondly because they've just gotten me to where I am. And then I know that I need to graduate. I know it's the next step. So it's really neat that, watch that. know what I used to look at it as, I don't know where I came up with this analogy. I never really played video games, the, always looked at like primary school all the way through college is like teaching you to drive a car, right? And then you get to the racetrack and it's like up to you what you do. You can sit still, you can drive a hundred miles an hour. You can go left, you can go right. up to you, but the track is there, right? That's life. That's where you're going to go. I always look at these masterminds as, I don't know what the things are called, those little like strips that you go over in Mario Kart. where you're doing like 60 miles an hour and it's like, you know, then you're doing a hundred miles an hour and you're like, my gosh, right. You're going to slow down again after that. But it's like that to me is like life. And when you say, hey, I want to get like more educated, right. You're to go through that and sometimes it's going to last for two seconds and sometimes it's going to last for a year. But it's if you do it correctly, the goal is to be bored with it. I want to be so good that I don't need to learn anything from that because I get it. And that's Jordan and I resonate really well with that. There's a couple of people that didn't. they kind of graduated the mastermind and they were like, that wasn't worth it. And I was like, we met each other. If nothing else comes of it, that wouldn't have happened. I started a whole business. I've got a hundred and some people in a Facebook group. got 3 ,000 people on email list. And the only reason is because he and I had a conversation and said, let's change the brand from Superhost to Build Your Highway. And if you can't be like thankful for that, forgot the mastermind was a few thousand dollars. It's like, I've wasted way more money than that on stupider ideas than joining Mastermind. I completely agree because honestly anytime I do a meetup or like an event or like go whether that's an in -person event for a mastermind or a conference they I mean I don't have expectations anymore because I know the craziest shit's gonna happen like I if the more I expect it the more I'm like I don't know the more blindsided I get by whatever's gonna happen because I think the universe or like I believe in the universe and I think the universe is up to whatever the heck they want. It's not what I want. It's not that I need this very specific thing. I need to raise $100 ,000. So that's what I'm gonna find $100 ,000 while I'm there. Nope, universe is like, haha, fuck off. We're gonna do whatever the hell we want. And it's going to be, you're not gonna find $100 ,000, but you're gonna find three people that are eventually gonna find you $4 million. and that's but that's also gonna take six months but so it's just like taking these steps you talk about like to take a small step just take just keep taking the steps because you're it's not up to you like you can't force it if you're if you're not able to do the thing that you've been trying and trying and trying to do it's probably not the right thing to do like something is telling you that it's not going to happen for a reason Someone the other day, it either a podcast or it was a podcast Jordan listened to and he told me. But there's a guy that said, don't measure the output. Like everybody says, like, I want to get to like 20 units. I want to get to a hundred units. And that, that'll be like the goal. It's like, don't measure the output, measure the input. Cause that's the only thing that you have control over. And I love that so much because for me, it's like, I'm going to wake up, I'm going to log in and I'm going to do the things that I can do. Making sure that you do it, organize whatever, but, but measure the input. And he said that his staff works from eight to goal. It's not eight to five. It's not eight to four. It's not nine to 10. They were from eight. call. So you get in at eight, you log in, when you hit your goal, go home. If your goal is 100 sales calls, you did all those by nine a cool, go home. That's what we're supposed to do. And it was to me, it was just so beautiful because it's like, that is the one foot in front of the other mentality. It's like, yeah, you might have a bad day, but like, did you do a few things? Did you get there and try? The universe might say, you know what? Not today. Like you're not going to do this. Like I'm, I'm going to push through this. I'm going to keep going a couple more things. And it's, I don't know. It gives you like, it is an illusion of control, right? It's an illusion. I'm going to straight up say it like we're not in control. There's other things that are out there doing it. However, I think that like the illusion of controls what keeps us sane. It's like, me just try, me put one foot in front of the other, make sure I'm putting my good effort into it. And your mentality, you're talking about mentality, right? Where it's like, if you're doing that, it's like, do good, I feel good, I feel productive, right? And that's gonna radiate around you, it's gonna transmit to your tribe that's sitting next to you, and then all of a sudden, everybody's gonna start building on that. Like this is just, yep, this is an aligned conversation, people. If you're listening, this is what it looks like. Because we're both like, yes, we're cheerleading the same things. And it's like, you just, you can control you. Like I, We run some accountability groups actually through tribe builders. And the whole entire point is you can't control the fact that you're gonna buy a house, like maybe that's your goal over 12 weeks is I wanna buy a house at the end of this. That's my goal. You can't control the buying of the house. You can control all the things to get you to buy the house. Like you can control how many calls or how many offers you make a week, how many banks you talk to a week to be prepared for that. Like you can control like how many things you look at, how many calls you make, all of that stuff. But you can't control the fact that somebody says, offer accepted. Like you have to be, you know, like you have to do the thing. top line of an email that I have that's going out this Friday, some newsletter that I write every week. I'm not even kidding. It says, I need $2 .1 million for the build and it finally closed four weeks ago, right? I was trying to get a loan exactly like you said, trying to buy something. need $2 .1 million. It took nine months, 276 days and 47 lenders that I talked to numerous times each. So 276 days just trying to get the loan. We haven't started the build. We didn't do any of the design. And that was nine months of updating investors. Hey, nothing's changed. We're still waiting. Hey, nothing. Like how do you fend off an investor that's waited for nine months, right? Nine months pitching the project to lenders, which is numerous conversations, Zoom calls, and I'm going over the exact same pitch every single time. Shoot myself. It was nine months of thinking everything's going to fall apart. I was like, the whole project is going to crash. There's no way that people are going to wait around this long. It was last November that we did it and I signed 30, 34 days ago and finally got it. But that's exactly right. It's like, wasn't looking at, we at the goal? I wasn't looking at, have we failed on the goal? I was looking at, can I call another lender? Can I have another conversation? And now I'll tell you what, like we got the loan, we got the financing, the builds are under construction and I have the most fantastic relationship with this lender. She is the most human person, which anybody who's gone through the loan process for mortgage, like they're not human beings. They are robots and it's very challenging to break through. Yes. It's like, what about this? And they're like, send me the form. my gosh. This woman went and she spent eight hours walking our property. I've had dinner with her. She's absolutely awesome human being. And now we're able to take that into future projects that we're working on. And I can actually just text her for advice. I'm thinking about a laundromat. What do you think? And she's like, don't get alone for that. Go get a HELOC on this other property and do this. And I was like, amazing. How you start advancing. Yeah, that's building your bench of people that are awesome. And then also the calling banks, the amount of people that I talk to that I'm like, they're like, well, I couldn't get a loan on this. And honestly, I'm in this right now. I'm trying to find a loan for something. I've called people and I need to call more banks, but that's always the answer. Like the people that were my mentors, they're like, call more banks. They're like, how many banks have you called? Well, I've called two. Why aren't you calling more banks? Like call 10. 20, call 30, call 40, call 50. If you want it and you want to be obsessed with it, you would call more banks. If you don't really want it, that's okay. If you want to give up that easily, then you know, we're just going to do it that I love it. Okay, so tell me, I want to know what your biggest win has been. that's a good one. Do you wanna know what my biggest win was at the moment that I felt the win or looking back retroactively, do you wanna know what my biggest win was? I think selling the agency is definitely one. That was a big day. My wins aren't as much like, they're not as much financial as they are. What did I learn and can I use that again? And that was, that was the win in selling the agency is I had a buddy ask me, we're both running marketing agencies. We're both stressed and that, industry just changes so fast. Like if you build foundations in the marketing space, like the next week, Facebook and Google update their algorithms and you have to start your whole business over. Like it's insane. And you have to stay on top of it. It's one of the reasons I did this switch. I love it so much, like the slower pace of real estate. But that being said, I had a friend ask me probably February of 2023, if you could sell your business for 1X valuation, would you do it today? 1X gross revenue. And I was like, no, I knew nothing about selling, not a single thing, never even thought about selling businesses. And I was like, no, it's worth way more than that. That was my response. And then I did the math and I was like, I would make $70 ,000 a month for a year if I sold the business today for 1X gross. And I was like, that's not bad. I was like, I could survive on that by all means. I could cut that in half and live for two years. and survive great on that. But what I kind of thought is could I start another business in that time? Could I get something that I was more dedicated to, more passionate about in that time? And my answer is yes. If I had two years of don't worry about money, yes, I can do that. So I got really excited about that. I went and started talking to some business brokers and that entered me into this whole world of selling businesses. and where this money comes from and like business acquisition, growth and sale. And that is invaluable. Anybody who hasn't done it, highly recommend like dipping your toe in that world because it's really exciting. And now everything that we're doing with all of our current businesses is with the, we're setting it up in a manner to sell, right? We don't necessarily have the intent to sell today because we're really passionate about But when I'm not passionate about it, I don't want to sit down and build SOPs and systems. When I've lost my passion, the fire's gone out. I just want to be like, Hey, we've already done this. It's yours. Enjoy. It's plug and play. You guys can have it. It'll run without me. but until then I want to be the person doing it. And it's kind of best to both worlds, but that knowledge, that point in the sand where it's like, it's mine. And now it's Halloween. Halloween day is the day that it was not mine anymore. And I was like, this is yours. And it feels weird. And everybody was like, Are you sad to, it's your baby. Like you built it for the last decade. Are you sad about it? I was like, Nope. I was like, again, like mastermind mentality, right? It accelerated my life to here. I'm going to take that and do it five times faster next time. And I'm excited about it. And we are, we're, we're less than a year from the sale and we already have more revenue in this company than we did the last time. that. And I love it when people do talk about like one of my coaches said, build a monster. You're building a monster, not a baby. So you don't, you're not trying to sell your baby. You're trying to build. And the monster is the Frankenstein monster. So it's like, literally, this is what you're building. Yes, like you're proud of it, but you need to build it to actually sell it. And I think that's, it's a really good lesson every single time. And it's, so worth doing it again. Like if it's something that you're bad in love with, it's like instead of fixing that one, if it's sellable, sell it and go do it again. There's so funny. The Gorge is like, Gorge is a very small market right now. There's like 700 Airbnbs. And I think it's a diamond in the rough. Like I think it's a literally a needle in a haystack of Airbnb rooms places right now. And nobody knows because all the paperwork is on paper. When people look it up, they're like, I would never invest there. The houses that are for sale are nothing. The comps are this. I was like, yeah, it's because you didn't go to the office and flip through the deed book and see what they're actually selling for. They're not online. It's just such a gold mine right now for that. But that being said, there's a couple of people there that are big fish in small ponds. And I love them to death. I think they're doing a great job. But their mentality towards competition is buy all the land so other people can't. no. Yes, which is if you can afford it great, but there's a lot of land in the gorge. So it's not going to work forever. that being said, that being said, a couple of people have talked to me. They're like, do you want to tell people about the gorge or do you want to hold it in? Do you want to just keep it close to your chest, push your cards? And I was like, I was like, there's no benefit to that for me. I'm not going to be able to do it forever. Like I would rather pour into all these people and have the challenge for me to out compete. Come in and do your best. I want to see what you can do because I want to make sure that I can do better. And if I can't awesome, then you won fair and square. I'll go find another market. And that's the case. But, but I just think there's so much value to that. And when you get in this like business mindset, business sale mindset, growing businesses mindset, it really keeps you on the edge of your seat of, know, let me research, let me talk to people. Like we're talking about, let me like bump elbows with people that are smarter than me and knowledgeable, have different ideas. and really find a way for me as an entrepreneur to implement that into my system to make sure that it's attractive to 2 million people across the world that want to come stay with me in the short -term. Yeah, this is is awesome. I agree that like the best person is going to win and there's space for everybody. It doesn't matter because I mean, I think my favorite part about real estate is that we can all look at the exact same piece of land. We could look at the same house. We could look at the same piece of property and we will all have a different idea. It could be similar, but it will never, ever, ever be the same scope. It'll never be the same like swing on the same tree like any of that stuff. it is so different. And that's my favorite part about real estate is that we can all do it differently and we're not wrong. Like nobody's wrong unless you're stealing people's money, which don't fucking do that. Like just, let's just take that off the table. But everything else is like, it's okay. There are places for people that want to get all their furnishings at Walmart and charge guests $60 a night. And they don't care how clean it is. Like there's a space for them because there's guests. There's always gonna be guests that want that. And then there's always gonna be a space for the people that wanna spend 100 bucks, 300 bucks, 500 bucks. Like there's space for all of us. And I think that's the cool part is like, then there's choices. We all love choice. Like Americans love choices. And I want all the choices possible so that depending on my mood, I can pick whatever I want. So I think that's cool. I go places sometimes and I'm like, this is not an important trip for me. I'm here for 24 hours and it's been two hours. It's like, the cheapest pot, like give me a clean bed in the middle of nowhere. That's perfect. And then I go other places where I'm like, it's my anniversary. want to wow my wife. I'm really excited. I got a bonus. We want a place to go out to dinner. It's like everybody changes and it's, I completely agree. We actually talk about in our calls and build your hideaway. The whole point of that is specifically like what you're talking about is breaking down who your customer avatar is and also that you're not buying. There's a little transition to get into business owner. You can't just have one everybody made, throw on everybody and be like, an entrepreneur. It's cool. You're doing a side project or project. That's good. you can turn that into a business. You can create an email list and marketing and do all the things that are required for business. But when you do that, you're not, you're almost not buying real estate at that point. You're buying a business that operates on real estate. So you get the tangible benefits of the real estate, but like I bought a $510 ,000 house that's 600 square feet in Blue Ridge, Georgia. That's ridiculous from a cost per square foot perspective. There's everyone was like, don't buy that. That's the dumbest thing you could ever do. And for a, for a long time, I was like, I kind of agree because like the real estate valuations don't match up. And then I was like, wait, I'm not buying real estate. I'm buying a business. This is a flowing business. And like if you evaluate it like I did outside of RLOD. Makes perfect sense. Anybody would buy it at that point. It just so happens that it's located in this little, building. But to me also, that's beautiful because if it's cashflow and at that point, I only need, if I have one day customers, I only need 365 in a year. What other business says, Hey, I'm maxed out at 365. At that point, I can't have anymore. And it's, yeah, it's beautiful. So anyway, that being said, like there's so many different mentalities and ways to look at it and ways to frame and shape it that all make it more fun. the art. I'm not an artsy person. That's my art right there. It's like how can we look at this in a different way to make sense? No, I think that's super cool. And this also now makes me think, okay, just listening to you the last 10 minutes, like, I have a feeling I know what an answer would be, but I want to ask you specifically, what do you think your biggest miss is? biggest miss, that's a good one. think it's, go ahead. I think it's doing too many, not saying no. My biggest miss is no. I have, I get really excited about it. I I'll say this has changed in the last two years. I've really started to say that's not for me. Because I never had the confidence. I was like, I could probably do that. I could do anything. I could figure it out one foot in front of the other. Well, the thing is, I only have two feet. So if I'm going one foot in front of the other on nine projects, I'm really only working on one at a time. So that being said, in the last year and a half, two years, I've really started to say not necessarily like, no, it's not a good idea, no, whatever, but it's not for me right now. This is what I'm focused on right now and I want to stay focused on this. So we have the hyper fixation on a database point. This one cell should feed all the things that we're doing. If we're really good at building unique builds and hosting, I'll say unique guests, they're pretty standard guests, but they're in unique builds. But if we're really good at building unique builds and hosting, right, then everything gets fed by that. That's beautiful. So if someone else comes to me and says, Hey, I want to build this graphic design store and it's got a million dollar value. yada yada yada. It's like, that's cool, not for me right now, I'm focused on this project. So not saying that was going to be my biggest miss. Yeah, that's super cool. And the reason I asked you, because I already noticed this about you is that you probably don't have failures. You probably don't think very many things are failures in your life. You think they're opportunities, they're learning, essentially learning experiences. And that's why it's like, kind of got a kick out of like asking someone like you that because you're just like, yeah, I don't really have misses because you learn. if you lose $50 ,000, you just learned and yeah, you learned by paying this amount of money, but it still wasn't that big of a miss because you now learned that you shouldn't do that, that you don't want to do that, whatever it is. So I really enjoyed that. That's great answer. there anymore, but if you go to B E E R D dot C O beard co, but with beer and beard, I started a beard oil brand, a beard oil company. was doing marketing at the time. I was big into e -commerce. started a beard oil company with labels that looked like IPA cans. All the, all the beard oil or all IPA cans. I'm a big beer drinker. So all the IPA cans I have, like, these are so cool. So I had a graphic design team. had, Ecom experience with all that. And I have shipping, like I knew all the resources to get all this thing done. I spent $7 ,000. I was like, I got it. I'm good. Spent $7 ,000 putting all the labels together. Got the oil, got everything, got the stuff shut up. I think I sold eight bottles. And it, yeah. And when I, was, that was six years ago. And I think I threw them away a year ago. I moved them to like four different houses from San Diego to Seattle, from Seattle to four different places up there. Finally, we're moving into an RV and my wife's like, you're not bringing these. I was like, just put them in the garbage. Like it's a sad day, but it's the exact, that exact thing. What I learned there is that I don't say no enough. It was a good idea. I just didn't have the bandwidth to do it. Had I focused, that would have been a successful journey. However, wasn't that. I tell my wife all the time, I'm like, there's a 0 .5 % exception to this. There are businesses that just fail, whether it's government or regulation, something outside your control. But I was like 99 .5 % of businesses don't fail. People just stop, right? It's exhausting, right? And you have to pivot and change and start from the beginning and yada, yada, yada. But I've taken ideas that were a marketing agency turned into a beard oil brand turned into a short -term rental company, like unique short -term rental management company. And you can call all of that the same journey, just pivoting along to where your passion is, where the opportunities are. And as long as you have the energy to put one foot of the other for that like it will be successful you will find success right it's the people that are tired and exhausted and don't have the passion and want the stability whatever it is and that's a good thing that's a good thing for them because if they say hey it's not for me and i want to get out good that's a really good thing to realize because it will eat you alive if you don't for sure and then there's the 0 .5 percent that are true failures where it's you know government took them or whatever. I'm not a government person but whatever happens there are actual failures out there. No, that's really, it's a really good example. I talked to a gal yesterday about something similar that she said her father -in -law has had a business for like 30, 35 years and they just chipped away. They've always had the same six people and it's just 30 years of like, okay, now their building is paid off and now this is paid off and now this is paid off and they just keep going and it's just like, it's just one foot in front the... he's where he wants to be and he worked as hard as he wanted to. And I think that's the point of, I mean, even in entrepreneurship, you have to decide how much do you want to work? Because, you know, I have seasons of both. Like I don't really want to work very much right now. I'm in a season where I have to work a lot. And soon enough I won't be in that season again. And it just kind of like goes, it ebbs and flows. And that's kind of the beauty of it. you're able to stack on new projects when you're motivated and finish them and not take new ones when you're not? kind of. take, like, I do a lot of that. It's kind of, and honestly, it's like, we were talking about universal stuff. Like honestly, when I really need some money or need something, all of sudden the project like lands in my lap. It literally just lands in my lap. I'm doing one right now and I'm like, perfect. This is going to float us for what we need for this portion. And then, yeah. And then it'll go away and it's absolutely beautiful. And that's, you know, and that's like all surrounding consulting. It's just like, cool. I needed this quick injection of money and work. then. And then it goes away, and I love that. One of my favorite pieces of advice, I was one year into entrepreneurship, I went to a tax guy, I like, I don't know how to do taxes, please help me. And we just got to talking while I was there and he said, when your business slows down, he's like, the best advice I can give you is when your business slows down, he's like, enjoy it, go to the beach, ride your bike, go to the gym, do something. He's like, because if you don't... You're going to hustle to get more clients. You're going to get more clients. You're going to hustle to satisfy those clients. And then you're going to slow down or you're to hustle to get more clients. It's a never ending cycle. And he told me that one year in, I remember the second year, I didn't do it. The third year, I remembered it. And I was like, it's slow. It's January. It's always slow. And the election years and January, February of marketing agencies are always slow. So, or I was turned on and slow down a little bit. with those, I finally sat down and was like, let this exist, right? Don't panic that it's not coming. Just let it exist. And sure enough, whether I was grinding or whether I actually let like the universe do what it needs to do and cycle, you know, through the next busy season, I picked up just like I always do right there. And I was like, that was nice. Got a lot of beach. No, that's fantastic. You know, like when I was, I was in corporate real estate for almost 10 years and I used to always combine, like I'm a doer. I've always been a doer. Now it's different because I have a business or businesses. But when I was there, I had a director and I'm just like, I'm bored. What should I do? I'm bored. Like I need more projects. Like I'm bored. And he always used to say, he's like, just enjoy it. He's like, don't worry about it because soon you're not going to be bored and you're going to be so overwhelmed and you're going to be working 60 or 80 hour weeks or whatever it is. He's like, so who cares? Like stop talking about it. So I learned through him to not ask for more work because eventually all of a sudden he would notice when I only had two or three projects and then, okay, we should probably, you know, Hey, we've got this coming in stuff like that. So it's just, it's okay to be bored. It's okay. Just go be bored and take walks. Yeah, exactly. Okay, so to wrap this up, can you tell me what's something you're looking for right now? I'm looking for, honestly, I want a bigger community. That's the thing I want. We got a hundred and, it's either 105 or 107 people in there. And I want more people in that community to just talk about this stuff because I truly do believe that like, you know, my, my thought process on this while I study it, we were in it day in, day out. But it's my lens is here. And I want someone to say, about this? And just blow that apart and be like, my gosh, I never thought about that. We're in the unique stuff. That's what we're doing. So I want someone to bring this idea that's like, I'm going to take that from a conversation on a Google Meets thing, Google Meets call or whatever you want call it, into a 20 foot tall structure. in Kentucky that we can rent to other people, right? That to me is the most fun thing in the world. So I more people to join the community and pour these ideas in and collaborate on all this stuff so that we can, people can take those ideas and run with them. That's about it. out there, like I'm to put this in show notes on how to get a hold of Mike and how to get to his website and you can follow them at build your height away on social media. Like, so that's, I'm assuming you're on Instagram and Facebook. got Instagram, TikTok, Facebook. If you go to buildyourhighway .com, all this stuff's linked there. It's real easy. Well, I'll put this in show notes too. And dude, this was fucking great. Like I love talking to people that care about business the way that I do and that I care about alignment and universe. my God. You're the best. Like I'm so excited to have met you. I really appreciate the people that did the intro to the two of us so that, you know, we can see where this goes. Cause who knows in five years, I don't know, I might be in Kentucky, like walking some land with you and being like here, cause you take this million dollars. Cause I don't want, I don't have time for this. Could you just take it and go run with it. And you're going to be like, yeah. Yup. It's so fun. Well thanks again, I appreciate the time and yeah, that's it. Okay bye. This was...

- Episode 18 - The Future of STR Property Management - 18: Kind: captions Language: en Chapter 18, the future of short-term rental property management. Welcome to chapter 18 of the guide to short-term rental management. Over the course of this program, we have explored the A toZ of managing short-term rentals. From setting up your business and onboarding properties to daily operations, guest services, financial management, and scaling your company. As we approach the end of our journey, it is fitting to look ahead. The short-term rental industry is renowned for its dynamism and rapid evolution. This chapter, the future of short-term rental property management, will explore emerging trends, ongoing challenges, and evolving expectations that are likely to shape our industry in the years to come. Understanding these future currents can help you position your business for continued success and resilience. Artificial intelligence and automation tools are on the rise. We have already discussed property management systems and various automation tools in earlier chapters, but the sophistication and integration of artificial intelligence and automation tools are on the rise and are set to play an even more significant role in the future of short-term rental management. While current automation helps with tasks like automated guest messaging, dynamic pricing, and smart lock integration, emerging artificial intelligence applications promise to bring even greater intelligence and efficiency to our operations. We are likely to see enhanced guest communication through more sophisticated artificial intelligence powered chat bots. These could handle an even wider range of common guest inquiries instantly and accurately, 24/7, and potentially even perform sentiment analysis on incoming guest messages to flag potential issues or dissatisfaction for human intervention. In the realm of smarter pricing and revenue management, artificial intelligence algorithms will likely become even more adept at analyzing vast data sets to predict demand with greater accuracy and optimize pricing strategies in real time. This could lead to more nuanced and effective yield management. Artificial intelligence also holds the potential for creating more personalized guest experiences by analyzing guest data, always with appropriate consent and adherence to privacy regulations. Artificial intelligence could help you offer tailored recommendations for local activities, dining, or even improper amenities, making each guest feel uniquely catered to. Another exciting application is in predictive maintenance. Artificial intelligence could analyze data from smart sensors in properties or historical maintenance logs to predict when a piece of equipment like an HVAC unit or an appliance might be likely to fail. This would allow property managers to schedule proactive servicing, preventing unexpected breakdowns and guest disruptions. We might also see artificial intelligence tools that can help with improved listing optimization, perhaps by suggesting more effective wording for property descriptions or analyzing which photo arrangements lead to higher conversion rates. Furthermore, artificial intelligence could contribute to smarter operations by optimizing cleaning schedules based on realtime factors or suggesting the most efficient routing for maintenance staff. The benefits of these advancing artificial intelligence and automation tools are clear. The potential for dramatically increased efficiency leading to improved decisionm through better data analysis, the ability to offer enhanced personalization at scale and ultimately potential cost savings through optimized resource allocation and preventative measures. However, there will also be challenges to navigate. The cost of implementation for some advanced artificial intelligence solutions may be a barrier for smaller operators. Initially, data privacy concerns will need to be meticulously addressed, ensuring that any use of guest or property data is secure and compliant. There will always be a need for human oversight. AI can assist, but critical thinking and empathetic human interaction will remain irreplaceable, especially in complex or sensitive situations. And while there are often concerns about job displacement, it's more likely that AI will lead to a job evolution for property managers and their teams, allowing them to offload repetitive tasks and focus on higher value strategic activities and guest relationship building. Regulation trends and staying compliant. As we discussed earlier, the regulatory landscape for short-term rentals is already diverse, complex, and subject to constant change. Looking ahead, one of the most significant regulation trends is the likelihood of increased scrutiny and more sophisticated enforcement by municipalities globally. As local governments become more familiar with the short-term rental market, they are developing more advanced methods for monitoring compliance with their rules. We may see more widespread data sharing requirements where local authorities request or mandate that property managers or booking platforms provide data on short-term rental activity such as occupancy rates, nightly revenue, and guest numbers to help with urban planning, tax collection, and regulatory oversight. It is also probable that licensing and permitting processes will become stricter in many areas, potentially involving higher fees, more stringent safety and operational requirements, and more thorough vetting of applicants. A continued focus on the impact of short-term rentals on local neighborhoods is also likely. This means that rules around noise control, trash management, and parking will probably become more common and more vigorously enforced to address community concerns. On the financial front, municipalities will undoubtedly continue their efforts to ensure the full and accurate collection of all applicable occupancy, tourism, and sales taxes from short-term rental operations. We may also see a trend towards regulations that implicitly or explicitly favor more professional and compliant operators over casual or unmanaged hosts as regulators seek to ensure higher standards of safety, guest experience, and community accountability. Given these likely trends, strategies for staying compliant in the future will be more important than ever. This requires proactive monitoring of regulatory developments by subscribing to updates from local government bodies, participating in industry associations that track these changes, and potentially engaging with local legal counsel. Investing in compliance technology or specialized services may become increasingly necessary. This could include software designed to track regulatory changes across different jurisdictions or services that assist with complex permit applications or tax remittance processes. Building good open relationships with local authorities where possible can also be beneficial for understanding and navigating compliance. Participating in local discussions about short-term rental regulations, perhaps through industry advocacy groups, can also allow professional managers to contribute a constructive voice to the policymaking process. Above all, a commitment to flexibility and adaptability will be key as property managers will need to be prepared to adjust their operations, contracts, and business models quickly in response to new rules and evolving regulatory landscapes. Sustainability in managed rentals. Another significant trend shaping the future of our industry is the growing importance of sustainability in managed rentals. There is an increasing awareness among both guests and property owners about the environmental and social impact of travel and accommodation choices. Property managers who proactively embrace and implement sustainable practices are likely to find themselves at an advantage. Environmental sustainability practices will become more mainstream. This includes a focus on energy efficiency such as equipping properties with smart thermostats, using LED lighting throughout, selecting energy efficient appliances when replacements are due, and providing information to guests on how they can help conserve energy during their stay. Water conservation is another key area which can be addressed through lowflow plumbing fixtures, encouraging linen reuse programs for guests on longer stays, and implementing water-wise landscaping for properties with outdoor spaces. Effective waste reduction and recycling programs will also be expected, including providing clear instructions and easily accessible bins for recycling, minimizing the use of single-use plastics and amenities, and potentially even exploring composting options where feasible. The use of eco-friendly cleaning supplies is another tangible step towards reducing environmental impact. Some managers may also focus on sourcing local and sustainable products for furnishing or stocking their properties. Beyond environmental concerns, social sustainability practices are also gaining prominence. This includes actively supporting local businesses by recommending local shops, restaurants, and tour operators to your guests, thereby helping the economic benefits of tourism spread more widely within the community. It also involves committing to fair labor practices for all your staff, including cleaners and maintenance personnel. Engaging in positive community engagement and taking steps to be a good neighbor by mitigating any negative impacts of short-term rental operations on local communities is crucial. We also touched on accessible tourism in chapter 6, and ensuring properties are welcoming and usable by people with diverse abilities is an important aspect of social sustainability. The benefits of adopting these sustainable practices are multifaceted. They can help you attract a growing segment of eco-conscious guests who actively seek out sustainable travel options. They contribute to a positive brand image and can be a strong differentiator in the market. In some cases, practices like energy and water conservation can lead to tangible cost savings in utility expenses. and fundamentally it allows your business to contribute to more responsible and sustainable tourism in the destinations where you operate. It is also important to effectively communicate your sustainability efforts to both your guests and your property owners as many will appreciate and value this commitment. Shifting guest expectations in a postcoid world. The CO 19 pandemic had a profound impact on the travel industry and many of the resulting shifting guest expectations are likely to endure well into the future, shaping what guests look for in their short-term rental experiences. While the initial acute phase saw an intense focus on deep cleaning protocols, contactless experiences, and a surge in demand for whole homes offering privacy and seclusion. Some of these have evolved into more lasting expectations. An enhanced focus on cleanliness and hygiene standards is almost certainly a permanent shift. Guests will continue to expect and demand high standards of sanitization and cleanliness. Providing visible evidence of your cleaning protocols, perhaps through checklists or notices, can help reassure them. While the immediate demand for extreme flexibility in cancellation policies may have tempered somewhat as travel stabilized, a reasonable degree of flexibility may remain desirable for many guests. Though property managers will always need to balance this with their business needs and owner agreements. The reliance on tech enabled convenience is also here to stay. Guests have become accustomed to the ease of smart locks for selfcheck-in, the utility of digital guide books accessible on their smartphones, seamless online booking and communication experiences, and more than ever, the absolute necessity of fast, reliable Wi-Fi, especially with the rise of remote work. This work from anywhere or bleacher trend is likely to continue leading to ongoing demand for properties that are suitable for longer stays and offer dedicated workspaces, comfortable ergonomic setups, and robust internet connectivity. Beyond the practicalities, guests are increasingly seeking authentic and local experiences. They often want more than just a place to stay. They are looking to connect with the local culture. Explore unique neighborhoods and experience destinations like a local rather than a typical tourist. There is also a growing interest in wellness and well-being in travel. Properties that offer features related to wellness such as good air quality, quiet and restful spaces, perhaps even basic fitness equipment or easy access to nature and outdoor activities may find themselves more attractive to certain guest segments. Personalization is another growing expectation. Guests increasingly appreciate tailored recommendations, customized services, and a feeling that their individual needs and preferences are being considered. And finally, an overarching expectation for safety and security, which includes not just cleanliness and secure access, but also feeling safe in the property and its surroundings, will remain a top priority for travelers. As professional property managers, it will be crucial to continuously monitor and adapt your property offerings, service delivery, and marketing messages to meet these evolving guest expectations. Futureproofing your business. Given the dynamic nature of the short-term rental industry with its evolving technologies, shifting regulations, and changing guest expectations, the concept of futureproofing your business is about building resilience, adaptability, and a forward-thinking approach that allows you to not only navigate future uncertainties, but also to capitalize on emerging opportunities. It is about ensuring the long-term viability and success of your property management company. Several key strategies contribute to futurep proofing your business. First and foremost, you must embrace technology and automation wisely. This means staying updated on emerging artificial intelligence tools, leveraging a robust property management system, and thoughtfully implementing smart home technology, but always choosing tools that solve real business problems and enhance efficiency or guest experience rather than adopting technology for its own sake. As regulations continue to evolve, you must stay agile and adaptable to regulatory changes. Building compliance into the very DNA of your operations. A proactive focus on sustainability, both environmental and social, is also becoming a core business expectation and a factor in future success. Continuously prioritizing the guest experience and adapting to evolving expectations is fundamental. This involves actively seeking guest feedback, monitoring travel trends, and being willing to innovate in your service offerings. Diversification can also contribute to resilience. This might mean diversifying your booking channels so you're not overly reliant on any single online travel agency and actively cultivating direct bookings. If you are scaling, it could involve diversifying your portfolio across different property types or even geographic locations to spread risk. You might also diversify your service offerings, adding value for owners and guests where it aligns with your brand and capabilities. Building and nurturing a strong brand and a positive reputation is perhaps your most durable asset in a competitive market. It is also important to invest in your team through ongoing training, professional development, and fostering a positive and supportive company culture. Maintaining robust financial health for your business with clean books, good cash flow management, and realistic budgeting provides the stability needed to weather any storms. Cultivating strong trust-based owner relationships through transparency and consistent performance will ensure you retain your valuable clients. Finally, commit to staying informed and actively networking within the industry. Continuous learning about new trends, emerging technologies, and evolving best practices is essential for any business that wants to not just survive, but thrive in the future. Adopting a long-term vision for your company, thinking beyond immediate challenges and day-to-day opportunities will guide your strategic decisions and help you build a property management business that is truly built to last. This completes chapter 18. We have taken a look into the crystal ball at some of the key trends and considerations that will shape the future of short-term rental property management. In chapter 19, our bonus chapter, we'll take a slightly different, more anecdotal look at the industry with Confessions of a Property Manager.

- STR Hosts Beware! New Rental Rules You MUST Know!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to episode 186 of the St Str daily podcast brought to you by boostle here's what you need to know to stay ahead in this Dynamic industry make sure you're subscribed to never miss a beat first up first up trip.com reports a surge in international bookings the Global Travel industry continues its strong Rebound with trip.com group reporting a massive increase in outbound hotel and air ticket bookings exceeding 12% of prepandemic levels in Q4 2024 this signals a growing appetite among Travelers for exploration and cultural experiences the china-based online travel agency saw a 70% year-over-year increase in international bookings while inbound travel to China more than doubled compared to 2023 the company's Q4 net revenue Rose 23% to $1.7 billion contributing to a full year total of 7 .3 billion a key driver of this growth AI powered travel planning trip Genie trip.com AI travel assistant saw a 200% spike in usage showing how Travelers are increasingly relying on artificial intelligence for itinerary creation and seamless booking experiences to capitalize on this momentum trip.com increased its marketing investment by 29% spending $1.6 billion in in 2024 with Aid driven Innovations leading the way the company anticipates another year of strong growth in 2025 meanwhile Italy is intensifying its Crackdown on short-term Rental Key boxes in cities like Rome and Florence authorities are taking action against self-check-in methods arguing that key boxes contribute to unchecked tourism and disrupt local communities officials are actively removing key boxes from public space a move met with both support and backlash while City officials believe this measure will curb over tourism and maintain local Integrity activists have taken it further vandalizing key boxes across major cities in response Italy's interior Ministry has issued new regulations requiring hosts to verify guest identities either in person or through secure digital methods within 24 hours of arrival this enforcement comes just as Rome prepares for a surge of visitors during the vatican's Jubilee year in 2025 expecting over 30 million tourists critics argue that these new rules create unnecessary restrictions particularly for professional property managers who already use digital verification tools the debate highlights an ongoing struggle how to balance cultural preservation with the needs of a thriving short-term rental market Market which includes over 500,000 properties across Italy thanks for tuning in and always remember a book Direct

- NEW Compliance Rules Every STR Host Must Know: Kind: captions Language: en Hosts in multi-regulated zones are three times more likely to get a fine or to miss an inspection or to miss a permit requirement. And that results in a hefty fine. Regulations for short-term rentals are changing fast. And if you don't know the rules in your short-term rental market, well, then you're gambling with your income. In today's episode, I'm walking you through five must do steps to understand and stay compliant with changing laws to help you avoid hefty fines. Spoiler alert, I just got a fine. And to help you keep your listing running smoothly no matter where you operate. Stay tuned. Welcome back to the short-term rental riches podcast. I'm happy you're here again. We're going to go ahead and just jump into these five mustd do items to comply with your short-term rental regulations. I also have a couple two bonus tips for you to make things a lot easier. The first part of this process is just identifying our type of short-term rental and understanding what type of category it falls under. So, if you're using Airbnb specifically, hopefully you've got your property listed on all the different platforms, but on Airbnb, we have the option to rent by a room or we have the option to rent our whole property. This is going to make a difference when it comes down to the laws around operating as a short-term rental. We need to know the zoning where our property is located. Remember, zoning can change from one property to the next. Your next door neighbor could have different zoning than your property. Maybe one's zoned residential, maybe one is zoned commercial. And so we need to know this ahead of time. And some cities treat multifamily buildings or condominiums different than they do single family homes. Even though the zoning might all be residential, the zoning might all be the same. But just because the type of property is different than your city or the neighborhood, there's a lot of different jurisdictions. They might have different rules for you. And so that brings me to point number two. You need to know who sets the rules for your short-term rental. So, we know it's not just the city. It could be the county. It could be an HOA. You might have a neighborhood that has its own CCNRs, they're called. So, you really have to drill down to as far as you possibly can go, and you have to look at each of these steps. And just a quick example, your city or your state might say yes, you can do short-term rentals in this state, but your property happens to have an HOA that says no, you can't do short-term rentals in this complex. These are the rules, and you got to stick by them. So, if you don't already know what your rules are, I've got some tips for you. An obvious one is just to call the city planning department and find out what their process is. Of course, you can just jump on Google and you can search for short-term rental laws, Airbnb rules or regulations, and you're going to find some really good results, but we know that these things are changing all of the time. And so, the better thing to do would be to jump over to Google and set up an alert. To set up an alert, just simply head over to google.com/alerts. You're going to see this search box there, and when you start to type something in the search box, you're going to see all of what Google results would be. And so I put an example here, short-term rental laws, Nashville, Tennessee. And I can see one of the searches I found here popped up on the news. Apply for short-term rental property permit, nashville.gov. Now, we don't probably want all of these results coming in. So, there are some filters here. So, you're going to want to jump down to how often. I would say at most once a week. You don't need to get this every day. It doesn't change that quickly, right? Sources you could check out, but I would probably go to automatic. There's another option for region. So you might want to limit this just to that area. And then it's got your email here and it's going to send a result to you once a week if there happens to be some updates. And so now you want to make sure that you're getting these updates or someone that's helping you with your property is doing this for you because these things change. And most planning departments or most cities when they make a change like this, they of course legally have to notify everyone. And so this Google alert is going to help you stay ahead of those changes. and the quicker you are to jump on them, the better it is for you. So, we know that there's a lot of cities out there that don't have regulations set up. That puts you in a bit of risk. There's jeopardy with your property, right? It's possible that all of a sudden they could make that illegal. But what a lot of cities do is they have a grandfather type law or rule that goes into place that says if you've been operating as a short-term rental for a long time, then we're going to allow you to continue to operate as a short-term rental, but you still have to fill out the permits and the process. And so that is clearly not always the case. But if you're making sure to get these alerts and something changes, then you can jump on that if that's an option. Had I had these Google alerts set up, then I wouldn't have received a fine where I did recently in Oklahoma City. Unfortunately, I am no longer able to operate a short-term rental there. They posted a letter on the building. This is a multifamily building, but they basically said, "You need to pay this right away. You're not allowed to offer short-term rentals, and if you would like to fight this, then you're going to have to show up in court." I happen to live thousands of miles away from Oklahoma City, so I did have a backup plan in place. In fact, I had one before I even bought this property. It actually operated as a long-term rental, and so I switched it to a short-term rental to improve income on that specific unit. The city found out about my short-term rental just by searching on Airbnb. As far as I can tell, that's how they went about it. And one of the neighbors complained. I assume one of the long-term tenants said, "Hey, you know, this owner is running a short-term rental." Long story short, now I am not, but I am still renting that property as a midterm rental. And if you're new to this channel, well, we've talked about basically all of these concepts, and we've definitely talked about midterm rentals before. You can head to strriest.com. We've got a little search box there. Look for midterm rentals or download our free midterm rental guide book which runs through our whole process for managing midterm rentals. My team and I have managed over 50,000 guests in over two dozen cities now and internationally. So, we've learned a lot and we've got all these resources for you for free on our website. If you're enjoying the content, well, a little like and a subscribe helps out a lot. Now, back to today's topic. So the fourth point here is to understand what you're actually responsible for. We know that these cities pass laws because they want tax money, but that's not the only piece of the puzzle. Very often we need to apply for permits. We might need the licenses. We might need inspections. So there can be a lot of pieces that you have to comply with. And they're not just a one-time thing. You know, some of these things you have to do annually. Some of these things you might have to do quarterly. It really just depends on where your property is located. A lot of cities are choosing to put a cap on the max amount of nights that you can rent a short-term rental. It might be 90. It might be 180 days. And this is one of the ways they're trying to reserve long-term rentals as long-term rentals instead of short-term. Whether that's the right thing to do, well, we'll save that topic for another episode. But in general, this is happening more in dense urban areas. So think San Francisco, think New York, think London. Dense cities are often the ones that are creating some of these rules first and having more regulations in place. There's often many requirements in terms of health and safety. So having a carbon monoxide detector, having a smoke alarm, requirement for a fire extinguisher, the requirement to have a posted emergency contact at your short-term rental. Some jurisdictions might mandate that you need liability insurance. And so I would highly recommend that one as well. If you have a common homeowners policy on your property, it's very likely not covering your property as a short-term rental. You might want to check out Proper Insure. I use a lot of their policies specifically for short-term rentals. And I know that they come with commercial liability policies. They're a little bit more expensive, but I'm covered up to a really large amount. If someone slips, if someone falls, then I am protected. So, fifth tip here. Sometimes the listing sites like Airbnb make it pretty easy for us and they lay out all of the tax requirements and compliance laws right on Airbnb's website. You can go under your settings, click on the tax section, uh, and they'll have a link to your local area resources if they have it for that specific city. Now, you got to take this with a grain of salt. It doesn't mean that this is 100%. But it is in an Airbnb's best interest to comply and make sure that all their hosts are complying so that they don't get banned from the city either. So, quick side note, Airbnb, VBO, they may be collecting your taxes for you or remitting them. Airbnb might be doing it and VBO might not be doing it. It really depends on your city. Again, this changes across all markets as well. We know that Booking.com never collects your taxes, your transient occupancy taxes, nor does a direct booking site. And so these are requirements that your city or your state's going to have as well. They want that tax income. The sixth piece here is having a backup plan. So I mentioned when my property recently got banned from the short-term rental, I simply switched it to a midterm rental. So, I'm allowed legally to rent it 30 nights or more, which works out really well in some markets. And some owners actually prefer this because there's a little less operations going on. And if you can still earn a great monthly rate, and you can minimize gaps in your calendar, then you're going to have less expenses throughout the year, and your net income at the end of the year might be quite a bit more than it is a short-term rental. That's something you'll have to figure out on your own. Although we do have another episode in this channel to help you calculate that. So having a backup plan is really important anytime we're making an investment decision. If there is no backup plan and there's no rules in place in the market where we're acquiring a property, then we really need to be comfortable knowing that that property is potentially not going to earn nearly as much as it is as a short-term rental. A lot of markets aren't set up as well to take long-term rentals. You know, urban markets, of course, that's an easy transition from a short-term rental to a long-term rental. But if you've got a vacation rental that's super far out away from everything, uh it's less likely that you would keep that property rented on a long-term basis. You're going to have less rental tenant pool looking at that property. Now, seventh tip here. If you're out there and you're like, Tim, I don't want to set up a Google alert. Fortunately, there is a company that can help you do that. We refer a lot of our partners to them. It's called Avalara or you can search my lodge tax. For a small monthly fee, they will help you process all the permits no matter how often they need to be processed. They'll help you comply, file for the license. They will remit your taxes for you. You need to send the money to them, but they make that part a little easier as well, just a deposit or a transfer, and they're going to handle that and they guarantee your compliance. And so if you don't want to mess with all of it or you happen to be in a state that has lots and lots of regulations, then this might be a better option for you. So there you go. Seven steps for complying and making sure that you don't get caught off guard when it comes to regulations with your short-term rental. Remember, when it comes to regulations and laws and fines, if you don't know about them, then that's going to hurt you, just like me. You could find yourself receiving a fine and your property could get shut down. So, I hope these tips will help you stay a little more proactive. And until next time, I hope you have a fabulous week. [Music]

- STR Regulations Framework: Kind: captions Language: en before you even think about starting an Airbnb short-term rental you have to know this the big elephant in the room is the regulatory changes so here's how to find the regulatory restrictions in your particular market number one doing a simple Google search and entering short-term rental regulations or short-term rental ordinance is a great place to start you're looking for a municipality code also known as the municode that is the ordinance that may be in place but we all know that not all districts or townships or cities have regulations in place quite yet so your next step is to reach out to the county clerk's office give them a call I know we do a lot of things online but pick up the phone and ask them what are the ordinance for short-term rentals in this area oftentimes they say there are none at the moment but go a little further and ask them what is in draft and that's the secret sauce number three I reach out to the zoning board to get confirmation as far as what the county clerk is saying is actually what's in place and where it is being enforced save this as a reminder and watch it again before you purchase your next property

- Atlanta Short-Term Rental Rules Explained | STR License, Taxes & HOA Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Are you considering renting out your property on Airbnb or VBO in Atlanta? Before you list, it's important to understand the city's short-term rental ordinance. Ordinance 201656 adopted in 2021 and enforced starting March 2022. Under this law, a short-term rental is defined as any residential dwelling rented for 30 consecutive days or less. To legally operate a short-term rental in Atlanta, you must obtain a short-term rental license or STRL from the Department of City Planning. You may only register your primary residence and one additional dwelling unit. No other properties are eligible. Your license number must be clearly displayed on all advertisements, including Airbnb, VBO, and other platforms. You must also designate a local contact person who is available 24/7 to respond to guest issues. Licenses are non-transferable and tied to a specific address. You cannot move your license to another property or assign it to someone else. Violations of the ordinance can result in fines, license revocation, or legal action. Additionally, short-term rentals are subject to hotel occupancy taxes which reduce your net income. Zoning restrictions and HOA bylaws may further limit your ability to operate a short-term rental, even if licensed. If you're looking for a more flexible, regulationfree alternative, consider Peach House's midterm rental strategy. Midterm rentals, defined as stays of 30 days or longer, are not subject to these rules and offer predictable income with fewer headaches. To learn more, visit peachhousegroup.com.

- STR Safety 101: Protecting Guests, Properties, and Profits with Justin Ford: Kind: captions Language: en hey everybody welcome back to Bill Faith unfiltered uh I've got a very special guest today uh that I'm excited to share with you so him and I have met multiple times at conferences we've spoken together at different uh varying events and we both have a passion for skiing and kind of migrating to becoming a snowboarder maybe I'll talk with him about that a little bit but Justin Ford from Breezeway actually the first time I really got to spend some time with him uh I invited him to one of my Mastermind meetings last year and we're going to talk about this as I bring him up in the podcast and he kind of scared the out of me to be honest with you so brand new uh 12-bedroom nine bath that we had built a basement in you know done a tremendous amount of upgrades biggest house on Smith Lake in Alabama I've got probably 35 40 of my Mastermind members there and Justin was supposed to do like a 30 minute walkthrough that took about 90 minutes and I'm going to let him explain to you what he found um and I love being the guinea pig because what he did is he made my property safer and that is something that I had not been to that property since construction had been completed and there were a lot of things that weren't done a lot of things that we had missed as like many of us we rushed through getting these properties open for summer and we opened actually on I think it was July 3 and we probably shouldn't have been open that early and thank God the month after that I'd had like three three or four guests that had come and I'll share this story with you with Justin but I literally roll up in my boat from one of my other houses and he's there before I arrive and he's already got my Trager dismantled and a lot of us think that having a Trager uh is better than you know having a propane or a charcoal barbecue but when I saw the grease and what was in there my mind was blown so I think just sit back and be ready I would take some notes your mind's probably going to be blown over the next 15 20 30 minutes however long this podcast ends up being but what I can tell you is Justin is an absolute wealth of knowledge and a godsend for our industry and he cares that's the most important thing so without further Ado let me bring up my new friend Justin Ford from Breezeway how are you buddy it's good to see you Bill and you know uh we we finally met in person almost about a year ago actually was the Michigan conference and I I don't want to forget um you know I put you on stage before you got on stage with some of your re so I've always I've admired that um you got a lot going on but you uh you've talked you've kept safety in in as a piece of your message for I think I put out a real like three or three or four weeks ahead of time and it was about my signage and stuff at my lake property you know about dock rules and you know things of of that nature if I remember correctly does that sound right was that the clip that that sounds right and I think you know you've been working with proper insurance for a long time too and I think that's had an influence on things as well and uh we work I work closely with proper so uh it's good that that we're all collectively keeping this moving forward it does I mean and my gosh I mean I think I get around a little I thought I got around a lot until I started hanging out with pace morby and he that guy is like on he lives on an airplane but then I saw your schedule that you posted someplace maybe on LinkedIn or something like that of your like event schedule and and that type of stuff maybe last week and you've got like 30 or 40 places that you're going to be in the next six or seven months you're you're on the go I want to go I it's it's you know there's a lot going on you know when they just released you know the top markets for Airbnb Australia's in there um Australia doesn't have anybody really focused on safety so I'm over there I'm over in the UK uh doing stuff does any place have anybody focused on safety outside of you not that I've met I'd like to meet them um because I I'm not trying to be a one world onean show here so right well you have I just want I want to dive right in and before you we start getting into what you do and all that type of stuff because there's you were generous enough to take your personal time and build a safety course yeah and that I believe every single Str Str owner should go through can you just let's just start with that and I want you to kind of why why did you build this safety course why are you doing what you're doing and then I want you to kind of after you give your backstory explain what people are going to learn in that safety course and we'll and we'll incentivize them with the potential discounts with proper and insurance and all that type of stuff yeah you know I'll give my boss at Brees way some credit Jeremy Gaul you know back during Co I was doing this mobile and uh we quickly realized there's no way that um I'm going to be traveling around during covid and of course you know in March April we were even wondering are short-term rentals going to survive this and so um that was what I did during Co is I built this safety course um and amazingly uh we just learned recently I it didn't even dawn on me it's the number one largest certification program of any type in the Str industry there's all kinds of people trying to do different certifications um and I didn't realize that we've had more people go through that like way more like we're Miles Ahead um than any other type of certification program anyone's trying to do so uh that's how do how do you get people to stop and think about safety I mean because it's like insurance it's hey I want I I I I want to I'm not paying proper I mean they're like three times more than everybody else and then you have this Brianna Chavis you know issue like at my conference last year and man I mean it's just how do you get people to stop and really think about it because short-term rentals are a show when it comes to safety I mean and I was one of them like when you went through my property right the first thing is it's it's something that's missing between the two of us right now and that's a woman the first thing is women women women have helped to elevate this I'll give them a ton of credit um 72% of people who take the safety course are women and um those are my biggest followers I don't think it's because of my looks I think it's because they get it um a lot of us guys we're pretty easy going yeah yeah you know let them fall down the stairs they they'll learn to hold on to the handrail next time it toughens them up um and I think that that that often is the case um so certainly that's been a key piece of it um and the other big key piece are unfortunately all the negative stories there's all kinds of of negative incidents um you know we had a couple people die in in in New Hampshire here recently you know from carbon monoxide um this stuff makes big National headlines and I think people start to go wait a minute I don't want that to happen to me what do I got to do so I remember when you were coming about two weeks ahead of time before you came to that Mastermind uh meeting that I mentioned in in the pre-roll there and I remember I got a text message from Kim Fitzpatrick yeah and she's like hey do you have not CO2 but do you have Co monitors I think there was a post about CO2 that's in your beer right that's right C in your beer she's like hey do you have Co monitors uh in the property and I said yes and she's like do you have one in the room that you have Justin assigned to and then I had to think about it and then I had to ask my wife Bria and then she's like no I don't think there's one in that room and I texted her back I'm like why she's like he won't sleep in a room unless there's a CO on her and he travels with them and I said oh and that's when I knew it was kind of on like Donkey Kong when you were coming uh to my property and um I learned a lot do you remember the deck the stairs I remember the deck I just want to go back to the beginning though I showed up at the house no one else was there yet um you were you were off at your other property and I walked in and you know it said the door would be open and I'm like okay so I come walking in and the first thing I heard was and I'm like that's a chirp of a smoke alarm I actually thought you would set me up now I'll give you credit you hadn't been there yet so you didn't know because I'm sure you would have addressed this but I showed up and the smoke alarm was hanging off of the ceiling um outside of my bedroom I'm like all right Bill's testing me he's getting he wants to see if I'm not that smart I can't take credit for that yeah there was one in the closet upstairs chirping and it was like all right what's going on here this is this is pretty crazy well I mean I think that's probably pretty normal especially when you go in and buy property that was built in 2003 or 4 whenever that was and you do a renovation and I I remember I didn't even know there weren't smoke alarms in the basement I mean the guy that did my renovation he's done three houses for me and I called him after you pointed that out to me and I'm like WTF Chad I mean how do we not have any smoke alarms he's all you didn't ask for him I just made the Assumption right that that and there's no codes on that lake is one of the other problem he's like we don't put him in anywhere I'm like are you freaking kidding me yeah it's it's tough and it's hard because you do everyone just assumes that somebody is I do it I mean we all assume things all the time you we assume um that you know someone who built our car you know you tighten the lug nuts on there we assume that uh you know when we get on a plane we're going to land I mean there's all kinds of things that we assume and right side up or upside down like yesterday down yeah you don't what is me and you fly all the time I don't mean to get this off the rails but I'm a little bit I'm starting to get a little bit apprehensive with all this that's going on with all these planes you know here's a quick thing on that by the way the thing that really frustrated me about that yesterday is there's a guy who's filming um getting off the plane the flight attendant saying don't take your bags with you and yelling at this guy to stop filming and he posted it yeah but let me get my Instagram moment as I'm going down the slide there was an incident a year ago in Japan and in Japan on 280 people made it off a plane there's no documentation of it and no one had baggage with them and so it's just a reminder over here in the US we're not always as tuned into to safety um as the rest of the world is we've got my guys follower on Instagram was more important than get it off the plane alive exactly it's like we don't need to see that you died or that you made it we just want to make sure I mean if that just say you know Bill if I'd been on the plane that guy's phone would have been crushed I would have nailed it went knock it off dude let's get off the plane oh God that's amazing um let's talk talk about what brought you to being the safety guy in the industry what what's your background I I know it but I'm sure there's a lot of my listeners that don't know who Justin Ford is or what you did prior to getting started it makes sense and it doesn't I mean I served in the US Coast Guard but I was a ship's Navigator still you know we went out and rescued people and part of my job on the ship was um you know in between things I had to make sure the smoke detectors and the fire extinguishers were okay on the ship I was on you know people had like jackets I wouldn't say safety was like driven into my head then but it was and then in my community when I started uh the vacation rental agency that that I had in Maine um you know there was different things you could do hey join your local select board uh you know help out of the school committee um I just happened to bump into the fire chief and he said hey we're looking for few guys so I joined the fire department so my background um in safety is Loosely from being a firefighter for 15 years Loosely being in the Coast Guard um but mostly from running what was basically at the time the largest vacation rental company in the entire Northeast we managed as many as 600 homes had 60 boat rentals we had a wedding and event property I actually performed wedding ceremonies and um we had all kind we did Real Estate so lots of crazy things and I had an incident and I learned from it and went wait a minute how's everybody else supposed to know this if this happened to me and I think I'm a a kind of smart guy but I mean it kind of don't don't you think there's a little bit of safety in your fiber I mean we were talking about your skis right you mentioned the safety straps on your skis when you were a kid where most boys are just jumping on anything that's a piece of wood and going down the hill right there's safety in my fiber but I'll be the first to acknowledge there are times where my wife will see me up on top of a chair getting something and going Justin do you realize if you fall and die right now I'm gonna have to explain why a safety expert did something stupid so I do I have to be mindful and careful at least your wife you know addresses that mind's like hey is a life insurance policy up to date right and it's it's hard because you know people like you and I we have pretty good common sense and I think you and I could probably comfortably get up on a on a step stool and nothing's really bad going to happen to us it's when you put people in these short-term rentals and they get vacation brain it just changes everything their mind's not there um and people just lose lose common sense when they I I want you to elaborate on vacation brain because I think it was really the eyeopener when we were in Alabama when you started talking about setting up your property for drunk people yeah right and I don't think anybody in that room maybe Kim because she was pretty close with you and seeing you probably more than anybody else but I remember the discussions afterwards like John Hodge coming up to me and a few people and they're like man we never really thought about that but that is and we do the same thing if I go to the beach the only time I will ever daydrink is like when I'm skiing you know always have a beer you know at lunch with a bowl of chili or whatever it is at the beach you know I might have I'll have a couple of Pacifico or whatever if my wife and I are sitting out on the beach but I like never ever Day drink I'm you know I'm a wine guy at night but when we're on vacation it all changes it's that vacation brain so how do we think about that how do we set set up our properties for drunk people to be safe well and that's a really key thing and it and just to quickly back that up we actually have facts there's travel surveys everybody who you know the travel industry in some areas is like the number one thing I mean Italy number one uh cause of income there is tourism and you know Spain Wine Orlando I mean there's markets so they do surveys and when theyve surveyed people it turns out 75% of people in North America acknowledge that they will drink on vacation so we know they're going to do it with crazy is half of those people said they don't drink at home so wait a minute they're coming to your home that they're not familiar with and they're going to get drunk when they don't even do that in their own home so that we just need to remember those are the people that actually go out on New Year's Eve right where the professionals stay at home and they're gonna have their own New Year's Eve in our short-term rental exactly so we've got that and then you vacation break best example I have a vacation brain it was about a year ago I was in Idaho we' just been to a hot spring and stopped at this little Gas Station restaurant and um my wife was with me and she likes you know she likes the T-shirt with the name and they had the T-shirt there for the hot springs and I'm wandering along and finally I kind of turn I look at this guy and he goes can I help you and he's cooking a hamburger and I'm like um no I'm just looking at this t-shirt and he goes okay well you're in the kitchen right now and that's my t-shirt hanging up and I'm like oh and I looked around and he looked at me and he goes man you got vacation brain I'm like you know about that and he goes it happens all the time people just start wandering around the the General Store side and before you know it they're in the in the kitchen and that's what happened to you and I was like holy crap I fell for it um and that's true that's what our guests are doing they're wandering in and oh look at the view look at the lake um what are we having for dinner and before you know it you know they're following out down the stairs tripping over things that uh you know rugs that are not placed properly there's all kinds of things that happened to them so let's dive into some of those things Justin like what are the I mean you mentioned rugs the corners tripping hazards a lot of us don't think about those things and there almost every bed and couch now has rugs under it or whatever um one of the big things takeaways for me for you being there um and I think my wife did a good job um of placing it but like I I never I think she does you talk about the women being the ones that go to the safety course I never thought about fire extinguisher placement and most of us are hiding them because they're an isore we don't want Andrew Keller photos with you know fire extinguishers in them so we put them in a cabinet or we put them under the stove you know or under the sink and the stoves here and the sinks here well stove on the left sink on the right but yet the exit's that way right and it's the wrong way so what are some of the biggest mistakes that we're making as hosts let's talk about the fire extinguisher quickly on most short-term rentals the majority I know we always like to talk about that they're in an Urban Market but a lot of them are still at least 10 minutes from a fire response and that property you had on Smith Lake um we did an evaluation we estimated it would have been 20 minutes before fire department shows up there because it's a volunteer department they all got to go get the trucks and then you're a long way off the path it's a 10 15 minute drive once they get there exactly so what do you got there in the meantime to save your property well you have a fire extinguisher so let's look at it look at the facts we know from surveys that are out there that only 14% of your renters in a fire are actually even going to try it's even going to cross their mind to go hey let's use a fire extinguisher and put this fire out so 14% of them so that's a very small percentage of your guests and if you don't make it easy for them you it's going to be a big Goose EG it's me zero so you've got to remember that that fire extinguisher is a tool you're giving your guests to save your home you're you're trying to make it easy for them and I think a lot of people don't have that mentality they don't want to see it everything I've ever seen I talk to people who said hey you know two years ago I heard you we installed fire extinguishers I don't even notice them anymore that's what I hear everybody say is that yeah it first it was an isore we got used to it I don't even think about it anymore and thank God we just came in and noticed it was empty it turns out our last guest used one and they didn't even tell us that they had you know it's funny it used to be like I said earlier that I didn't want them in the photo because I wanted Andrew Keller photos right well now I actually want them in the photo and so what I've done since you came to the Mastermind has kind of tried to flip the switch and I think the safety component is the most underutilized marketing tool in our industry it is whether it's your badge when you go through the safety course or aligning with Breezeway or showing your fire extinguishers you know now for me that's part of my marketing mix because I think there's and you said it earlier you know I don't think I have two girls I don't think about those things my wife is just hardcore with all the the safety comp opponents and you know she was the one immediately when I told her about the text message conversation with Kim Fitzpatrick and you and the co monitor she immediately went to Amazon and started ordering them and put them in every bedroom in every house and at that time you I hadn't spent that couple of days with you I'm like holy you just spent like $1,700 on these $50 whatever monitors and she's like yep well what if Justin ends up going to one of our other properties we don't want to be all over Instagram without Co machines we are joking about that but it's the reality and I think that and I'm not saying this because you're here but I do think that the safety component of our properties whether it's you know child locks or cabinets or fire extinguishers or whatever it is cos's the the big discussion in my Facebook group about the linked um well the CO2 machines the Co machines and the linked what's smoke detectors I couldn't think of it for a second so what are some of the other big things that we're missing yeah and I I want to just knock on something that you just said there because that marketing piece is key um you and I are both generally trying to reach an audience that is either investing in short-term rentals or hosts or owns or manages short-term rentals that's what we're trying to do um but I'm kind of getting scrapped off to the side lately I'm actually getting a lot of people reaching out to me going hey you know we were looking to go on vacation and we couldn't find any airbnbs that looked safe do you have like a listing site of ones that are by people you've educated um and I see that a lot I had a friend reach out to me recently hey Justin we looked on airbn me for two days we actually gave up on going on vacation we couldn't find a property that we thought was safe for our family and so hearing more and more of that tells me that there's a lot of people out there that are doing that and there's even a survey that shows 63% of people who've never stayed in an Airbnb the number one reason is because of safety concerns so that they'd rather stay in a hotel and those are people we haven't even been marking you know getting our host to Market to so well it's kind of crazy I mean like that property you came to a mine and there's a lot of rural areas I'm sure that you go to there's zero regulation you know there's there's no permitting there's no inspections there's you know there's nothing and you know there's no building codes and you know I mean for me I'm not an Airbnb guy I'm a Marriott guy I mean I typically will stay at a Marriott every place you know I travel to because and not necessarily because of the safety that's it's honestly it's not in the Forefront of my mind but the consistency is cons consistency in the rooms what to expect checkin pricing blah blah blah but I think safety is a part of that I just have a different feeling like I'm going I'm saying a brand new hotel I've never stayed at tomorrow night in Manhattan right on the upper uh east side and I I believe who owns the hotel who the type of hotel it is that it will just automatically be safe because of the regulations and I I don't know what the the percentage is but I got to imagine we probably have more rural areas that are unregulated than we do geographically mileage wise that are regulated in the United States absolutely my right now it's about 2% of markets have some sort of safety regulations or inspections that are required and you know some of that it's amazing to see how detrimental it is um you've seen you know Gatlinburg and and Pigeon Forge that market right now has severe safety regulations coming into place and as you've SE in some of the listings there I'm sure one of them caught your eye where you're like wow they're offering a $60,000 seller credit to sell this property right now I'm all over it and then you realize it's because you got to put in sprinklers they w got to put in sprinklers so it's like hey there that's gonna if it's happening in that market everyone's copying everybody it's gonna happen in other markets so you you'll appreciate this I don't really like it right now but my big property I bought in Montana where B&B camp at I have now made six mortgage payments on that uh $199,000 a piece so you can people home can do the math I have no Str strr permit and I've I've jumped through all the holes but there's one thing that I haven't been able to figure out yet and it's a safety issue I don't have enough room in my there's two driveways in the driveway to my main house for a fire engine for the White Fish Fire Department to turn around right and I don't know without buying the lot behind me that or tearing out part of my house that I can create enough room for that fire engine to turn around so septic I've got over water samplings I mean it's crazy how stringent and this is at the county and state level not the really local municipality level but it's the fire engine just having because they won't back out or three-point turn they have to literally be able to completely turn around and those are something I'd never thought about but that's my hangup that's cost me almost you know $120,000 without being able to generate Revenue in something that I was not aware of beforehand and the thing is is they can just add this when they want to there are people who bought and invested in a property in Gatlinburg two years ago and have just started making their mortgage payments but like you and now they're being told you've got to spend $100,000 to install a sprinkler system you need to put in new egress windows you need to build an area for your grill 15 F feet from the property and they don't have 15 feet and it as I said this needs to serve as a warning to everybody it's going to happen we're only at 2% um I think before this decade's out we're going to be into the 30 40% range right let's talk about grills for a second propane versus charcoal versus you know pellet you know plugin electrical and positioning uh because I know you do not like those things underneath the patio and right up against the house no and we see people ask me all the time got a great video where they're like really why do you need 9 ft of vertical clearance above a grill and I'm like take an 80% fat burger and put it on a grill and squash it and watch how high the Flames go um and then imagine that you're not watching it for a few minutes so and is that the same with charcoal wood burning propane and pellet or no that is and that's why any Grill shouldn't have that and you know it's crazy the state of Massachusetts doesn't allow grills on decks it's against the law it's a $500 F and then you know I go to places like you know know where you hang out in Montana and you look at a condo and every single deck's got a grill well they've had fires and you know one of the worst fires in our industry was in Missouri and it was from a grill on a deck burned down a $13 million condo complex a couple years ago so when it comes to grills though here's the here's the real deal you you see it all the time go to a state park you never hear about fires at a state park and it's because it's a charcoal grill it's brainless it's in a stand you put a bag in it you light the bag and it goes there's no exposures um and we're seeing a lot of Str strs put those in now are those nice do you you know you want to put your your $50 Stak that you just got that's been dry aged and shipped over from Japan no you don't want to do that so how do I how do I do that at a super property you can't do that at a super property so then you've got to set up you know the right grilling station but if you're going to set up this beautiful um grilling station at a super property and have propane you can do that you just got to add in a few safety features one get it away from exposures two make sure you've got a timer on it I've seen so many Grill fires where the guests don't know or forget to turn off the grill the worst thing you want to have is a grill that's running all night long getting super hot eventually catching on fire um so you got to have those timers that limit them to one hour of use um simple little things they'll annoy a guest they'll be cooking and step away for a minute then go why is the grill out oh my God the timer ran out I get it but um you know that's what you've got to do awesome what uh I mean we're almost at 30 minutes which is like double my normal length I know you got to get on the road you got you you got like one or two days of powder by the way I assume where you're going correct oh yeah yeah I mean I I'm an East Coast guy I'm an East Coast skier but I've turned into kind of a snob I grew up at Sugarloaf uh in Maine which is a fantastic Mountain Sunday River obviously a lot of people have investment properties there you ever done the Tea Bar at at Sunday River oh heck yeah yeah I've never done a Tea Bar I'm kind of scared T Bar my daughter loves to get on the I'm like I'm 65 I'm like I don't want to get on the T no dad let's do the Tea Bar great I thought you were like 67 I thought you were taller than me I'm 6'5 and you know I've skied over in like in the in the Swiss mountains they mot I've been on the tallest lift service in the world where people are passing out around you and you're like what is going on and it's because the altitude they didn't adjust before they got there um but definitely you know the Colorado mountains are nice but when it comes to you know just the quick thing because of the times run out safety smoke alarm is the single most important item in your property number one cause of of uh injury or slip strips and Falls our friends at proper Insurance tell us that um they've been great by the way of sharing stats in the industry that really help us focus in on what we need to focus in on um I think they said 3% of their claims are fire related so while that's really important and people can die um certainly it's the balls it's not having a handrail lighting is a big one we know 60% of claims happen in the first hour of arrival and usually at night so um a lot of people don't visit their property at night and go wait a minute oh my gosh I don't have good lighting here and by the time all the you know like you said your driveway's full of cars that last car in how are they getting to the house weaving through all the cars and the lights being blocked by the SUV that the guy has Part close to it so what can we do to improve lighting we we've put a lot of outdoor lighting in you know like the Costco Tommy Bahama light path lights to try to achieve that and one of the things I actually did that we started that Smith Lake property after you were there talking about lighting almost every Outlet in hallways now at every house and one in every bedroom has in my and I hate it I unplug it actually when I sleep in the bedroom but the motion sensor light you know like the LEDs that comes on as you're walking through that hallway and I literally got a call yesterday for that Smith Lake property in the basement that hallway going from the family room to all the bedrooms uh the lights are out and I think we have bad switches or something down there and I immediately told my wife call the handyman get them their ASAP we it's a safety issue I said she's like I get it but remember we have three of those LED lights in there as well um and I'm like well thank God we have that because then it would be pitch black you know at night so I think a lot of those small things are things that I've learned from you I've been hosting a lot of properties for quite a while and we just don't think about them they're not top of mind for whatever so I really appreciate you being that Advocate you know and especially all the time you spend on the road away from your family you know at all the conferences all the events I mean I think I saw even on what you posted the other day like you're going to was it the Montana firefighters Association event or something like that yeah I actually train the government side of her industry I do a lot of work with NFPA I'm in all these big meetings with The Regulators Airbnb usually has someone there who's like a former congressman who does their government fairs um so I get to see you know at a very high level I've been I've been doing presentations to Parliament in uh London that they've implemented into the UK guide when you go stay in the United Kingdom some of the new safety features in airbnbs I help commit to those so I'm very proud of that but I we'll give a nugget because you just talked about lighting I'm going to send you a link that you can put in your store I know you've got a really good store that um has a lot of cool things a brand new product just came out from snap power I just filmed for them about uh weeks ago in North Carolina and it's actually you plug it into your outlet um it becomes the outlet cover which is you know snap power does that but this new one that they just released has a battery in it so not only is it a motion light but if the power goes out it'll light up and provide a pathway for people to get out it's super inexpensive um I feel like every Str Str should have those I love that one one other thing before I let you go um I did not having that property as well and I think a lot of people even if they do have it they put it in the wrong spot which I did didn't learn until I didn't have this in any of my properties and I have a lot of two-story and even three-story properties and those were the safety ladders at the windows can you talk about that for a quick second before we go yeah there's a there's a cool video I I think I have it on a reel somewhere of a guy in like the 1920s jumping from over 20 feet and showing the way that you need to land and survive so assumptions always been made that a human being jumping from 20 feet we're going to break bone but we're going to survive um above that we're not and so if you've got a situ ation where your guests are going to need to escape a property quickly in a fire maybe they've been drinking they just heard the smoke alarm a little too late having an escape ladder for them is a great idea they're like 40 or 50 bucks there's a great company that just came out it's called rescue ready I'll send you that link as well it's a couple firefighters they were just on um Shark Tank and they got money and they're starting to grow they're they're beautiful Bria would love these they actually fit underneath the window and have a cover they F fit as part of I know exactly what you're talking about and so then they just flip the guest just you know put a sticker on there says and fire you know remove cover they just pull the cover off throw it out and they can climb out um and get out safely so you owe that to your guest I mean it's a super property they should be super safe agree don't buy don't spend the 50 or 60 bucks and then put it in a closet 15 feet away it's got to be right under the window correct exactly that's and it's rescue ready folks literally everybody Facebook Google YouTube they're all listening so just say rescue ready rescue ready rescue ready three times it'll show up in your Instagram feed today yeah exactly Justin thank you so much I'm glad we got to finally do this I know it's been in the making for a while I really appreciate you being here I appreciate you for what you do and as a friend I wish I was going uh with you today because I think where I'm going on Sunday we're not going to get any powder for the time that we're there but uh we you and I have got to put a a ski date on the calendar gonna Happ it's gonna happen and I appreciate um you know opportunity I'll I'll see every body at the Str wealth conference um in July with you and uh hope to I'm going to get I'm going to give you a platform so Justin will be educating uh at the Str Str uh wealth conference it is a huge deal and I know a lot of you guys well you know I want to go see Bill about Super Properties or marketing or Revenue management don't miss his session and don't sleep on his safety course either uh send me a link to that I'm going to put the rescue ready I'll put the the new Snap-on I'll put the link to his course if you're on Youtube it'll be right down below here in the notes uh same if you're listening at home uh you know on Spotify Amazon Apple wherever you're listening to your podcast uh to make sure that you can get in contact with Justin and I would definitely give him a follow you know on Instagram as well Justin thank you very much I really appreciate you have a great trip with your daughter uh I look forward to seeing you in person very soon absolutely thanks Bill

  Top Comments:
  1. @alwaysvacationing5341 [2 likes]: Great stories and valuable info. Thank you for your honesty on the mistakes that you made. Bill.
  2. @EvanCarmichael [1 likes]: Great episode! Loved the insights on vacation rental safety—so many things hosts overlook. Definitely checking out that safety course!  Thanks for sharing! - Lipika - Team Evan Carmichael
  3. @dipsanddots3922 [1 likes]: You're collecting those Marriott points, lol
  4. @algaramos6545: So much value as always. Literally ran into a near miss today. Getting the gas timer valve STAT! Will definitely go through the safety course. Is there a discount code you could share?
  5. @marie-blanchetchetgen7305: great episode

- I Was a VIP at Singapore's MOST LUXURIOUS Hotel: Kind: captions Language: en I’ll take you behind the scenes of how&nbsp; the world’s most famous celebrities, and the top 1% spend their vacations. I’ll show you what luxury&nbsp; car takes them to the hotel, what enormous suites they&nbsp; stay in, and where they dine. Including Michelin-starred&nbsp; restaurants run by celebrity chefs. But to do that, I need a&nbsp; hotel that screams luxury. How about one of the most&nbsp; iconic hotels in the world, located in one of the wealthiest&nbsp; countries on the planet? Welcome to Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Many think the hotel experience&nbsp; starts at the hotel itself. But when we’re talking about a&nbsp; certain level, it starts right here, right after you jump off the&nbsp; plane, and get in the transfercar. Luxury hotels mostly send you&nbsp; a BMW 7 or a Mercedes S class. But this time… it’s gonna be something else. It’s a fuckin’ Rolls Royce. No one ever sent a Rolls Royce for me. You know how check-in usually goes. You get out of the car, they take your luggage, you take out your passport and get in the line. A whole committee was waiting for us. They didn’t waste any time and led&nbsp; us straight into the deep water. This gentleman is George Roe, and&nbsp; he’ll be our best friend today. He’ll show us the building and all&nbsp; the small details we might miss. The first thing he tells us is that&nbsp; this entrance wasn’t always here. And that explains a lot. The hotel opened in 2010. And at the time, Marina Bay Sands was&nbsp; Singapore's most expensive integrated resort, costing approximately $5.7 billion to develop. Just to put this into perspective, imagine this: If you spend 1000 dollars every hour it&nbsp; would take 650 years to spend this amount. But the part of the building&nbsp; we’re staying at is quite fresh. The renovation was finished just a few months ago, and this upgrade cost more&nbsp; than 1.75 billion dollars. The building complex contains 1,844&nbsp; rooms and more than 700 suites. As of November 2024, MBS employs&nbsp; over 11,700 Team Members, making it one of the largest&nbsp; hospitality operations in Singapore. The renovation resulted in a real marvel. Now that we’ve covered the bases, literally, let's see what we’ve all been waiting for. If I take a look around the room,&nbsp; all I see is dollar signs everywhere. Premium materials, unique furniture,&nbsp; carefully curated design, everywhere I turn. This suite is called Paiza Signature Suite. It’s huge. It’s 210 square meters. Yes, you heard that right. 210. And it can accommodate up to six guests. The price is $6,000 per night,&nbsp; plus tax and service charge. But let’s break down exactly&nbsp; what you get for this price! Dedicated arrival & private lifts. Two-way limousine transfers. Yep, we’ve already seen those. In-suite check-in. Laundry credit, so if you want your clothes&nbsp; professionally cleaned, it’s covered. Exclusive access to the Paiza Sky Residence, an ultra-exclusive area reserved for&nbsp; the hotel's most distinguished guests. Guests can also enjoy many complimentary&nbsp; dining options and several other restaurants. And then… there’s the 24-hour butler service. That means a personal butler is&nbsp; available around the clock, 24/7, to cater to your every need, offering an&nbsp; ultra-personalized, luxury experience. And of course, this massive&nbsp; suite is included in the price. Now, let’s take a closer look&nbsp; with George leading the way. As George walk us through&nbsp; the room I notice something A massage chair, which I haven’t seen&nbsp; in my hotel room anywhere I stayed. I need to confess something about this room. I’ve been around the world and stayed in some of the best hotels from&nbsp; New York to Paris to Tokyo. But I think for me, this is the most&nbsp; beautiful room I’ve ever been to. Now that you know where celebrities stay, let’s see where they eat! There’s a huge competition between these hotels for signing the most inviting&nbsp; restaurants in the business. The Marina Bay Sands sits on a pretty&nbsp; comfortable place on this chart with its more than 80 places to eat, which includes some big names of celebrity chefs. For example, our next destination. Have you ever heard about Wolfgang Puck? If not, he’s the one who cooks for&nbsp; Hollywood at the Oscars ceremony for more than 30 years now, and operates a real restaurant&nbsp; empire around the world. Well, now we’re heading towards his 1&nbsp; Michelin star restaurant called CUT. We don’t have to go so far for it, since&nbsp; it’s on the ground level of the building. Which is in fact a huge mall, stuffed with some of the most&nbsp; luxurious brands in the world. If your wallet feels too heavy, this is&nbsp; the perfect place to solve that problem. The other thing you can see is that they&nbsp; take wine collecting very seriously. Trust me, these are not from the lower shelves. I took my seat and realized: I’m sitting in an Archibald chair. Funny thing is, I was actually checking these for&nbsp; my own restaurant just a few weeks ago in Milan. The price on a single piece&nbsp; of these is around 3000 euros. That alone indicates the quality that&nbsp; surrounds Puck's restaurants everywhere. Before the first bites, they&nbsp; presented tonight's main course. Now that,is a steak, my dear friends. We warm up with some warm cheese puffs,&nbsp; grissini, and the good old bread and butter. Our first two bites are a playful take on “fish&nbsp; and chips” and their signature Wagyu beef slider. The first two courses are tied&nbsp; together by the word ‘Hokkaido’. The first one is a Hokkaido tomato salad,&nbsp; and the second is a Hokkaido scallop ceviche. The salad was nice with top-quality vegetables. The ceviche was also great, although&nbsp; the sauce was just a bit too much. Still, I really enjoyed it, and the wine&nbsp; that came with it was a big surprise! And here comes the star of the night, the beast we’ve all been waiting for. the 1kg T-bone steak with various side dishes. A perfectly executed piece of meat. Sometimes this is all I need. The gentleman was kind enough to give&nbsp; us a short trip through the kitchen. So there’s the fire that cooked our steak, and there’s a firebender,&nbsp; who we should thank for it. This gentleman has been here&nbsp; for 8 years now since day 1, constantly perfecting his&nbsp; profession, and that explains a lot. This thing on the wall could be an&nbsp; overpriced abstract work of art, but in reality, that’s the grill that has been in service&nbsp; since the opening day of the restaurant. This is a piece of history here, and it made food for such big names as&nbsp; Tiger Woods, Tom Hanks, and even Jamie Foxx. It’s such a nice story that this&nbsp; piece somehow connects people. We’re back at our table,&nbsp; and then, a gentle gesture. A bottle of Krug champagne. They knew it’s my favorite and&nbsp; surprised me, but we’re in a hurry. Luckily, the kind staff offered to deliver&nbsp; it to my suite, so I can enjoy it later. We’ve only got a few minutes left, but&nbsp; it’s just enough time to try the desserts. A Chocolate soufflé with crème fraîche, topped&nbsp; with a generous scoop of raspberry gelato. Next up, Yamagata pear, yuzu chantilly,&nbsp; citrus mousse, almond flakes, and pear sorbet. Then, their signature Kaya Baked&nbsp; Alaska with layers of pandan ice&nbsp;&nbsp; cream, coconut cake, and coffee crumble. And this was my favorite. The perfect way to end the meal. To sum things up: They work with really high-end ingredients. The service is energetic, professional, and funny. They radiate good vibes. It was a nice dinner. You come in, have a nice meal with good&nbsp; wines, and then you go about your business. All this without spending hours,&nbsp; because sometimes this is all you need. And here we are, the next day. It’s time to check one of the most&nbsp; iconic tourist spots on earth, which in fact is at the top of&nbsp; this hotel, at the 57th level. The largest rooftop infinity pool in the world. This, as the whole building,&nbsp; is an engineering miracle, and this is the biggest pool&nbsp; in the world at this height. Imagine, the building is 200 meters tall. And here we are can’t wait to&nbsp; go in, but first things first We ordered a bottle of champagne Just a few sips and we are ready to dive in. Man, this is life. I’m literally at the top of one of the&nbsp; most famous buildings in the world, champagne in my hand with all&nbsp; of Singapore in front of me. The infinity pool is completely open, and&nbsp; every guest of the hotel is welcomed here. So maybe, this is not the place where you&nbsp; will see many celebrities in speedo. &nbsp; See that gentleman there, holding that bottle? He’s not the hero I deserve, but the hero I need. And there it goes, he saved the day. After swimming, we got hungry, but&nbsp; fortunately, we didn’t have to go far. Just a few steps from the pool,&nbsp; there’s the Spago Bar and Lounge. It’s got a weird feeling that we’re sitting&nbsp; here at 200 meter height next to the pool, the air is dancing around me,&nbsp; the sun is shining on my back. Service is really professional but&nbsp; relaxed and funny at the same time. We were suggested to try some cocktails. These are beautifully layered&nbsp; drinks, packed with a lot of flavors. And here comes our first bite. Tuna tartare cones, with chili aioli. The next course is called Kaya Toast. It’s Foie Gras Terrine served with pandan&nbsp; coconut jam, egg yolk, and soy salt. The next two dishes come together. It’s Japanese fried chicken with aioli and lemon. Then we have a grilled Spanish octopus The octopus wasn’t for me, but on the other&nbsp; hand, this fried chicken is my absolute favorite And last but not least we tried&nbsp; the laksa noodles with tiger prawns Look I’m a fine dining lover, I&nbsp; love surprises and complex dishes. But not everyone does, and dishes like&nbsp; these are proof of Wolfgang Puck’s genius. The man knows exactly what&nbsp; people would like to have when they’re looking for good&nbsp; vibes and simple, good food. I wouldn’t sleep well if I kept this from you, so I’m gonna show one last&nbsp; beauty before we go to bed. See you at breakfast! For these suites you get different&nbsp; separated spaces for breakfast Our place is the so-called “library.” We do a little scouting, you know, mapping&nbsp; the place to know what’s going on here. There are a lot of dedicated stands, like&nbsp; noodles, soups, sweets, breads and so on. And there are tons of pre-made dishes, like fried rice with shrimp, ramens&nbsp; and several kinds of exotic dishes. But for me the cornerstone&nbsp; of a good breakfast is eggs. If the omelet or eggs benedict is good,&nbsp; then trust me… it’s a good indicator. It’s hard to find a mistake, actually I&nbsp; found something that seems strange to me. We ordered some items from the a’la carte menu. Without going into too much detail, we have dim sum, laksa noodle soupand&nbsp; many others and a tiny piece of Europe, pastel de nata. My favorite is definitely the laksa soup. It is full of characteristic, deep&nbsp; flavors, freshened up with some green herbs and the eggs in it are cooked to perfection. After the many colorful dishes and&nbsp; enough calories for the rest of the week, we still have a plate packed with&nbsp; the sweet colors of the rainbow. At this point I know there is&nbsp; still a dinner that awaits us. What I don’t know is that there's&nbsp; a huge surprise that comes with it. What could I say? Having a well-known fine dining&nbsp; channel often comes with benefits. And this is how we ended up from a&nbsp; simple reservation to a private dinner. And here’s the surprise; A legend, the&nbsp; chef himself will be present tonight. Not just in the kitchen, but right at our table. This is an honor, and this&nbsp; honor is not just for us. This is for you as well. So if you’re not subscribed yet, do it now. And who knows? Maybe if we get bigger, maybe more&nbsp; legends will sit down with us. But who is this man? His name is Tetsuya Wakuda. Born in Japan, shaped by Australia,&nbsp; and celebrated across the world. Chef Wakuda is, in fact,&nbsp; a bridge between cultures. He is best known for blending the precision&nbsp;&nbsp; of Japanese cuisine with the&nbsp; techniques of French cooking. His signature dish, Confit of Ocean Trout, became&nbsp; one of the most photographed dishes in the world. One key in his philosophy is&nbsp; his respect for ingredients. And after tasting his cuisine, I&nbsp; totally understand the meaning of it. This is about more than just food. This is a ritual, and a very sensitive one. The staff is really helping to get in the mood. What they do is extraordinary. Sometimes I didn’t even notice&nbsp; when they filled my cup. They whisper and circle around us like clouds. We had french oyster, bluefin tuna, Hokkaido&nbsp; sea urchin, monkfish liver, king crab, ocean trout, wagyu beef, king fish, Canadian&nbsp; lobster, and some beautiful desserts. And all I can say is that&nbsp; they were all heavy hitters. The main ingredients really stood out. The consistency in quality and&nbsp; flavors were immaculate all along. As chef Wakuda says: He doesn’t try to&nbsp; make a mystery of what you’re eating. This is all about the ingredients&nbsp; and how he let them shine. And this is what amazes me. According to chef Wakuda’s philiosophy,&nbsp; dishes are not just about technique. The food someone prepares is a manifestacion&nbsp; of a lifetime’s work, experience and ideology. When someone tastes the chef’s dish&nbsp;&nbsp; they experience his thoughts&nbsp; and connection to the world. This also made me think. I was sitting in a huge suite, drinking&nbsp; champagne and bathing in all this luxury, thinking that I’m on the top of the world. Then I came to this man and&nbsp; it made me humble a bit. But don’t get me wrong, both&nbsp; worlds have the right to exist. And the best thing? In Marina Bay Sands, you can&nbsp; find both under one roof! It’s a city in a city, which is in fact a country. You find everything you need here,&nbsp; from shops to restaurants to bars. It is no coincidence that this is my fifth&nbsp; visit here, and definitely not my last. And that does for this episode, Thank you for joining me, if you&nbsp; like this video hit subscribe See you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @robeln792 [1 likes]: One day this will be me eating and traveling the world with my loved once and enjoying the fruits of my labor.
Imagining the faces of my wife and kids and parents and in-laws keeps me going.
Love this channel
  2. @marlonelias [1 likes]: He’s good looking!.!.
  3. @Slla-th5vt: Visual wise it looks a bit underwhelming for the monthly salary of a commoner for one night. But I'm sure it makes up for in service and experience.
  4. @dunstanlawrence7190: the guy is pretentious and tedious.
  5. @MakeitLaugH-j7p: Lasksa noodles were fake.
  6. @gapant69: One of the most expensive countries in the world . Wealthiest yes because the gov is loaded 😂
  7. @walterwolansky2685: Do they have good cocain in Singapore?
  8. @Minhphuong-d1d: ❤❤❤
  9. @ck-xh9sh: so this is what rich people do😄 drink alcohol the whole day
  10. @spaghettimeatballswow: I think Taylor Swift stayed at this suite
  11. @gualbertogarcia305: This is
“ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE”
  12. @James-cx6tt: Marina Bay Sands was never meant to be top end luxury hotel. When it first opened, it offered upscale, but not luxury accommodation. The catch was the infinity pool, scenes of the entirety of Singapore, and also Singapore's second casino.
  13. @EverAlexander-t7s: 👍👍👍👍👍
  14. @df2tb: So far not bad. But I am surprised or maybe old fashioned (age 67) but I expect at such restaurants a certain dress code. What I want to say is simply you should have worn a tie and a jacket or  a suit. Watching you and honestly I decided not to take this place into closer  consideraition. Greetings Andreas
  15. @mm2_ym: is it even ever half or 1/4 full...i think not
  16. @antimbhakt: You have only 570 k subscriber and you show luxury life 😂
  17. @thanhthach-y6n: Plese make by youtube vr .so good so clean .all fans no vr . No  subcrib.......that mean you make you wach and you make subcrib.....by your sefe ....
  18. @JohnWayne-w2g: 12.20, 2 thousand meters high?
  19. @joeuser633: See this is why we can’t raise taxes on the rich or they couldn’t afford this and nobody else would create those butler jobs.  Common sense.
  20. @AnnaAnna-ce8qt: No wonder… they’re probably giving it their all because you’re a YouTuber and promoting them. In the Booking reviews you can see that for “non-stars” it looks different (at least as far as you can trust Booking reviews).

- Why Hyatt Is Choosing Luxury Over Affordability | WSJ The Economics Of: Kind: captions Language: en - [Adam] Of the major hotel brands, Hyatt Hotels is 1/5 the size of its competitors in terms of property count. It has fewer rooms, fewer loyalty members, and is in fewer countries around the world. But look a little closer and you'll see that Hyatt wants to play in a different league. Because one area where Hyatt exceeds its competitors is its average room rate. - One of the fundamental differences is that we serve a much higher end customer base. Our World of Hyatt members spend more on property. They spend more in average daily rate. They are very good customers. - This is "The Economics of Hyatt Hotels." In 2017, Hyatt began selling off its properties to outside owners, earning itself over $960 million. This allowed it to keep its name on these hotels but without the financial risk that comes with owning that real estate, a model known as asset light. It's a strategy other hotel chains put into play decades ago. Did waiting a bit longer allow you to be more deliberate in making the decision? - No question. We didn't wanna do it in a wholesale fashion and basically accept discounts for speed when we thought a more deliberate approach would actually pay off for our shareholders. - [Adam] Now, Hyatt owns about 2% of its properties. But while Hyatt has been selling off its real estate, it's collected in other areas of the business. Hyatt has more than doubled the number of luxury rooms in its portfolio, tripled resort rooms, and quadrupled rooms in what it calls the lifestyle category. And for the most part, it has accomplished this without buying more real estate. Instead, Hyatt has mainly purchased smaller companies focused on the branding and booking aspects of the business, companies that already have a loyal following in the luxury space. For a combined $3.7 billion, it bought Miraval Group, Two Roads Hospitality, Apple Leisure Group, and Dream Hotel Group, bringing brands like Alila, Destination, and Thompson under the Hyatt umbrella. These brands do bring more complex logistics with additional amenities, but those amenities are treated as an asset, bringing in clientele beyond the overnight guests. - A lot of them are larger hotels where we can accommodate our customers and hold big meetings and conventions. - [Adam] And things like restaurant, spas, and roof decks can bring in more local customers. - The best performing restaurants and the best performing outlets that we've got are ones that have a local following. Thompson Hotels have roof decks and celebratory spaces, the restaurants tend to be really vibrant, so they become real draws to that brand in particular. The degree to which we are serving the local community is equal to guests of the hotel actually using those outlets. - [Adam] But where Hyatt falls short is its global presence. There, Hyatt trails its competitors. Analysts say this could explain Hyatt's recent acquisition, the luxury hotel booking platform Mr & Mrs Smith, which Hyatt bought for approximately $72 million. At the time of the acquisition, Mr & Mrs Smith had more than 1,500 properties, propelling Hyatt to more than 20 new countries. Hyatt doesn't actually own any of these properties, but it does plan to integrate some into its loyalty program this year. This expansion also brings a pool of luxury customers. When Hyatt bought Mr & Mrs Smith, it had 1 million members, established customers who will likely become loyalty members in the World of Hyatt. These customers were a big draw for the company since World of Hyatt members stay 46% more in a year the non-members, spend 76% more on average, and book direct 90% of the time. The company says that the revenue from one top tier member is equivalent to 40 non-members. - They're frequent travelers, by definition. They are highly qualified customers. And they spend more money. - [Adam] And its acquisition strategy is targeting a very specific customer base. - All of the brands that we bought serve higher end customers. So the first screen that we use, is there a connectivity between the existing customer base for those brands and our customer base? And either, is it complimentary or is it additive to the existing customer base that we've got and more diversity in terms of markets and types of offerings? - Where do you see the hotel industry sort of evolving? - People will be looking for more diverse experiences, not just stay experiences, not just different types of hotel brands to stand, but different experiences. And I think that that will be a pathway towards really having a bigger share of the travel wallet for our core customer base. (lighthearted music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [49 likes]: The gap between the price you see and what you pay is getting worse: https://on.wsj.com/4btISeH
  2. @kazaabitboll2026 [13 likes]: I’ll be loyal to any 4 or 5 star hotel that makes check in 1 p.m again. I remember it used to be 11, then noon then 1 now average is 3 p.m and some places are 4 p.m which I refuse to stay in. The rate for a room should cover 24 hours.
  3. @SvSGaming [8 likes]: Hyatt is by far my favorite hotel brand. For 30% more in cost you get double the experience
  4. @davidm6149 [3 likes]: Hyatt in dc waterfront was amazing
  5. @AJohnson0325 [2 likes]: There are really only really two ways to make a lot of money in business…either have lower costs than your competitors which lets you sell more or product differentiation. Product differentiation means that your product is something people can’t get elsewhere, it’s better, and so people are willing to pay more. Trying to do the same thing other people are doing for cheap without some competitive advantage just shrinks profit margins. Businesses like this such as spirit airlines will struggle.
  6. @kazaabitboll2026 [1 likes]: The newly renovated Grand Hyatt Singapore was ok. Good pool area, average service but brilliant breakfast and service
  7. @thenotred [1 likes]: I'll be staying at Park Hyatt Kuala Lumpur this weekend, I really can't wait
  8. @isoplayers [1 likes]: Dear Hyatt, please don't ruin your great award chart, please don't devalue your points, please. -- your loyal customers
  9. @kylekuhn-ng7kj: Hyatt should buy Marriott & Hilton, and ACCORR & IHG MTY Group Jolleebee’s RBi Waffle House CheeseCake factory
  10. @saajidazhar1543: The problem is that Amex Pt gives you Au status w/ Hilton & Marriott only😕
  11. @Naveandlaen: Nah Marriott bonvoy is where it’s at
  12. @codelessunlimited7701: Yea cause Hyatt has an affordable Porfolio brands.
  13. @whatifschrodingersboxwasacofin: Selling one room night is way easier than selling 200 room nights.
Saved you a bunch of time.
Time is money.
See how this works? 😂
  14. @denvermiami: Hyatt is a superior experience.
  15. @exas4791: How to maintain standards of cleanliness ?
  16. @-.TS.-: Keeping poor people away from hotels is the smartest move. It’s so off putting when I see bad etiquette, which often accompanies certain social class.
  17. @robertfunk2189: The last Hyatt I was at had an outdoor lap pool. Much better than Marriott for a similar price across the street.
  18. @danieldelacruz7305: Big mistake it will cost them that’s why Hilton and Marriott have grown profits
  19. @TóthNorbertArnold: 😊🥂❤️
  20. @MynalynMilitante: Do business choose luxury

- DISAPPOINTING STAY at the Legendary Plaza Hotel ($2400/night): Kind: captions Language: en Well, what could I say? I didn’t really expect this. This is The Plaza Hotel, New York’s most&nbsp; iconic hotel right next to Central Park. It opened in 1907, which makes it 118 years old. From the moment it opened, it became the most&nbsp; expensive and luxurious hotel in New York. It has appeared in countless movies and novels. Marilyn Monroe, The Beatles, Frank&nbsp; Sinatra, Michael Jackson, all stayed here. But what I experienced here was&nbsp; beyond even my wildest dreams. We’re heading to Manhattan, and even inside that; one of the most prestigious parts of New York. The Plaza is located at Fifth&nbsp; Avenue, right beside Central park. Possibly the most famous urban park in the world. That alone tells a lot. All this scenery indicates that&nbsp; this is a one-of-a-kind place. And it is. Just look at that facade. I bet it lures millions of tourists each year. Damn, even I want to put that on my Instagram. But now let’s jump back 135 years in time. The very first Plaza Hotel opens in 1890. But it doesn’t last long. Just fifteen years later, it’s torn down. Too small. Too old-fashioned. You know, words you don’t like to hear. In 1907, the new Plaza rises. Bigger. Grander. More glamorous. The construction lasted&nbsp; twenty-seven months, costing over&nbsp;&nbsp; twelve point five million dollars, back then. It instantly became THE PLACE in New York. After the Roaring Twenties, the Plaza kept&nbsp; its reputation as the place for high society. Even The Great Gatsby’s world&nbsp; was inspired by this hotel. World leaders, musicians, movie stars,&nbsp; everyone comes through these doors. In the postwar years, it hosts grand&nbsp; galas, weddings, and cultural milestones. By the 1950s and 60s, the Plaza wasn't just a&nbsp; hotel anymore, it’s a stage for New York itself. Fast forward to 1988. Donald Trump buys it for 390 million dollars. He calls it “the Mona Lisa of hotels.” Back in the early days, the&nbsp; Plaza had more than 800 rooms. But after the big renovation in 2008, many&nbsp; of them were turned into private residences. It currently has 282 rooms, including 102 suites. After more than a century, The&nbsp; Plaza still stands right here. 118 years of New York&nbsp; history, in front of our eyes. A timeless icon. Stepping inside, we face the&nbsp; fact: filming is forbidden. Exciting video ahead, guys. Don’t worry. We figure it out. But this way, you’re missing out on me&nbsp; recreating that famous scene from Home Alone. I know, what a loss. Sorry about that. Anyway, this enormous lobby greets us. The chandeliers, the marble&nbsp; floor, the gold everywhere; Yeah, this is an icon for a reason. We can’t record the staff, but I have to tell you. They made a nice impression immediately. Very kind and professional&nbsp; service at the check-in. That’s where I met Russell for the first time. Later he has a special role in this story The room waiting for us is&nbsp; called the Edwardian suite. At first I booked the standard room,&nbsp; for two nights for 2,983 dollars, Then there was a nice offer to upgrade&nbsp; the suite to 956 dollars per night. From the photos, it delivers that classic style. Well maintained, nicely renovated. But now it’s time to see it with our own eyes. We’re lucky, our room looks&nbsp; straight at Central Park. Now, at first glance, the room feels the&nbsp; same as the building from the outside. The room is wide and it has relatively big spaces. Every corner of this room breathes history. We’ve got a bedroom, a living room,&nbsp; a bathroom, and a separate toilet. After a few minutes in the&nbsp; room, a saying comes to my mind: “All that glitters is not gold.” I found a few things that shouldn’t&nbsp; be there for this much money. Let’s start with the things I actually liked. The view is great. The minibar is fine. The bathroom looks good. The water pressure is solid,&nbsp; and the faucet looks beautiful. Even if it sounds like this. The toiletries are good quality, and I&nbsp; really like the brand of the shower gel. And I think that’s the end of the list. Not exactly a long one. You could rightfully ask&nbsp; what else to look in a room? Well, let’s get to those things. Some elements look a bit scratched and worn. The furniture was once beautiful, but not anymore. If you pay for luxury, you expect luxury. Both in service and room quality. I don’t expect golden toilets&nbsp; or champagne fountains. Although, this latter would be to my liking. But this room here could use a little refreshment. There are other small and annoying&nbsp; details that matter to me. I always pay attention to these, wherever I stay. For example, the clock runs&nbsp; wrong; the curtain rod is loose; And I am a huge fan of perfection And look at those towels. They aren’t folded to the same size. Sounds minor and insignificant, I know. But it indicates how seriously&nbsp; they take this business. And at that moment, I didn’t&nbsp; know what I was about to find. These little flaws should never happen Especially not in this price category. Not a single one, let alone this many. And on top of that, there’s&nbsp; a strange smell in the room. I wanted to get one of my suites&nbsp; cleaned, but I changed my mind. And guys, it’s still not over. You’re probably wondering why I’m standing&nbsp; in the toilet with the phone in my hand. Run out of toilet papers or something? Nope, we actually got a call from the reception. And the phone is in the toilet. They asked me how I liked the room. Well, that question triggered something in me. I think this is a perfect example&nbsp; of the broken window effect. When several small problems start to&nbsp; appear and no one takes care of them People slowly stop paying&nbsp; attention, and just get used to it. And that’s when the decay begins. Not exactly a great start. But let’s go grab something to eat. By this point I was so focused on the&nbsp; mistakes, I started spotting them everywhere. We’re heading to the famous Champagne Bar. Which is… beautiful. Absolutely breathtaking. What’s a bit strange is that it&nbsp; shares the space with the reception. People are coming and going…not exactly intimate. On the other hand, it’s always buzzing. You get this metropolitan-lifestyle feeling. So after all, it’s a question of preferences. The setup looks nice on the table. Silver cutlery and custom-made Limoges plates. That’s a big deal, but you&nbsp; can see the years on them. They serve champagne in&nbsp; flutes, which is not for me. As a big champagne lover, I have&nbsp; to say the selection is good. Nothing extraordinary, but we’ll be fine. The menu mainly features seafood. We ask them to recommend what’s worth trying. That’s how we end up with the&nbsp; Maine lobster roll for 48 dollars and the fancy-sounding&nbsp; Plaza seafood tower for 180. I really like the lobster roll. Fresh meat, creamy, tasty. But then a strange smell hits my nose. I start to realize where it comes from. After smelling everything on the&nbsp; table, I figure it’s the king crab. There’s a strong ammonia scent coming&nbsp; from it, which is not a good sign. And this is where all hell breaks loose. Since we can’t film, let me illustrate it for you. So I told the waiter about the problem. He’s chewing gum while he listens,&nbsp; then he nods and calls the manager. The manager smells it and says, yes, it really&nbsp; stinks, so they’ll bring out another one. Which also has the same problem. I tell the waiter again, and he&nbsp; goes back to the manager, again. Then the manager says I should talk to the chef. But come on, I am not here to talk to anyone. I am here to have a nice quality seafood. Still, the chef comes out. I explain that the crab leg is spoiled. They offer to bring a third one,&nbsp; but I say thanks, I’ll pass. I mean… giving the same wrong answer&nbsp; to a question won’t solve any problems. So instead, we head out&nbsp; for a walk in Central Park. I love the atmosphere here. At least this doesn’t disappoint. When I get back to the room, a&nbsp; handwritten letter is waiting for me; along with a few small bites. They apologize and assure me that in&nbsp; the future they will pay more attention. That’s a nice gesture after all. There’s still professionalism here. For dinner, we went to a two Michelin-starred&nbsp; restaurant, Chef’s Table at Brooklyn Fare. Soon you’ll see a review&nbsp; of it on my other channel. But since you’re already here,&nbsp; hit that subscribe button. Because the best hotels in the world are coming. Thank you so much. And with that, night falls on us. I hope tomorrow’s breakfast&nbsp; gives me a better experience. Good morning, New York! I have to say, the highlight&nbsp; of the room is the bathroom. It’s spacious, the water pressure is&nbsp; great, and those old-school faucets You instantly know how to use them. But now, we’re already heading to one&nbsp; of the most iconic parts of the hotel. The Plaza’s Palm Court. It’s been here since 1907,&nbsp; from the very opening day; Instantly becoming one of the Plaza’s symbols. It became world-famous for its afternoon tea,&nbsp; a tradition that’s been going strong for more&nbsp; than a century. In 2010, it was completely renovated,&nbsp; but preserved its old glory. Walking in, we’re greeted by a&nbsp; stunning glass dome, palm trees, golden details, and marble columns. This is a truly wonderful sight. Honestly, one of the nicest places I’ve ever been. But of course, right away, I ran&nbsp; into something strange here too. The ice bucket and a few other boxes&nbsp; are just sitting here in the guest area. The broken window effect. While we’re sitting in one of the&nbsp; most beautiful spaces in the world, these mistakes feel really careless. While we’re waiting for the food, the&nbsp; server comes over and asks if we’d like to send someone a postcard. That’s a nice touch, I love&nbsp; it, and we take the chance. It's a great and unique idea, I’m going&nbsp; to use it in my restaurant as well. The coffee is great, and the gentleman -&nbsp; who we can’t show - is very professional. Overall, the service at breakfast is great. The utensils, just like in the champagne bar&nbsp; yesterday, are beautiful, but a bit tired. As for food, we go for some classics. You know, anything with eggs and bacon. A few baked goods, fresh&nbsp; fruits, and a little extra: An omelette du fromage with caviar. A nicely prepared omelette, soft, light, tasty. The cheese is very dominant&nbsp; here, which I enjoy very much. The caviar works well too. I wouldn’t say this is the&nbsp; best croissant I’ve ever had. But it’s okay, the butter is&nbsp; perfect,a good breakfast after all. During our breakfast, Russell,&nbsp; the gentleman, shows up, To check if everything is okay with our breakfast. I can even call him Mr. Hospitality. When we get back to our room,&nbsp; another letter from Russel awaits us. Along with some bonbons,&nbsp; wine, and a few small gifts. A nice gesture, and I honestly appreciate it. Mr. Hospitality, again. I think he’s one of those pros, who still&nbsp; keeps this place running and cares about it. There was another guy, during breakfast. He delivered an amazing service,&nbsp; and showed true hospitality. You see, at the end of the day, it’s always&nbsp; the human side that matters the most. What can I say after a&nbsp; strange experience like this? The competition in the luxury hotel&nbsp; scene of New York is really strong. The last major renovation was in 2008. Almost twenty years ago. I think it's time for another one. I’m not sure what their long term plan&nbsp; is for this place in its current form, As a hotel it can truly compete&nbsp; with Amman or Four Seasons. And we are talking about a city where two&nbsp; thousand dollar rooms are nothing unusual. To really stay in the game, history&nbsp; alone just isn’t enough anymore. Despite everything that happened here, I still&nbsp; think it's worth visiting if you are in New York. You don’t need to stay overnight,&nbsp; to become part of the history. Have a drink at the Champagne Bar or book&nbsp; a table at Palm Court for an afternoon tea. You can still feel a bit of what&nbsp; it was like to be The Great Gatsby. And that does it for this episode, Thank you for joining me, If you liked this video, hit subscribe! See you next time!

  Top Comments:
  1. @alexanderontheroad [551 likes]: Thanks guys for the incredible support. ❤
I’m wondering how fast we can reach 10,000 subscribers? 
Cheers! 🥂
  2. @Omar-xg3lm: This place sucks
  3. @sport_mental_trainerin: Take a farmer pension in Austria for 100 Euro per night and you will feel much better! Breakfast with own products included!!
  4. @Killsadly: Please do the chateau marmont!
  5. @drew8235: 2:07 Say no more. Figured out the problem. 😂
  6. @TALKCalgary-2: I have exactly the same experience. After complaining I was given a full refund.
  7. @thijshagenbeek8853: The propper response would be to ask your money back.
  8. @BrianNielsenCN: The US is a failing nation.
  9. @petermaiers: its a union run hotel
  10. @topogigio2879: Donald Trump bought the Plaza and destroyed it.
  11. @RDW-02: i was there may/june 2024 the basement and 2nd floor were closed for construction. There was a boutique store opened in the basement that didnt have much.
  12. @RGC217: the bottom 4 floors for guests?
  13. @hanschristianbrando5588: I thought the Plaza went condo.

If you want a laugh, look up the 1956 TV musical "Eloise," based on Kay Thompson's 6-year-old character who lived in the Plaza (which is why there's a portrait of her near the lobby, painted by Hillary Knight who illustrated the "Eloise" books). It was a cheesy live production that makes the Plaza look like a tenement.
  14. @hubert12125: Owned by trump so no wonder you will be robbed and treated unprofessionaly
  15. @paddy_glass_eye: I Imagine if you said yes to a third one, it would have been spoiled with more than ammonia
  16. @yurgenlevi7980: Everything that Trump touches turns to shit eventually!
  17. @PickleAllergy: it is rotting like everything else in NYC.
  18. @amardedic7746: I’ve stayed here before. It was nothing like this guy stated.
  19. @Sit-bc9uw: All hype no substance. Plaza Hotel is terrible. Rather live in a cheaper comfier holiday inn.
  20. @cueGraphics1: Stayed there with my husband last year to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary. We totally agree that the place is “down at the heal”, the rooms need a total revamp. P.S. we honeymooned there in 1975. Our bill for one night was $39.27.

- How a $2B Hospitality Company Collapsed Into Evictions and Bankruptcy | WSJ What Went Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en We just got evicted from our hotel here in Montreal. >> Last week, social media was flooded with scenes like these. >> We checked in two days ago and we're getting evicted. And >> they're saying basically that we need to move everything out with less than 24-hour notice. >> Sa, a hospitality startup, told customers to pack up and leave their rooms as their partnership with hotel giant Marriott unraveled. >> I tried contacting Sonder, but the line just beeped. The collapse of Sonder was just so abrupt that guests literally had the rug pulled out from under them. >> The company, once worth nearly $2 billion, closed up shop almost overnight, leaving thousands of guests stranded. So, what went wrong? >> The hospitality industry doesn't understand that the reason why people travel is so that they can get something that's different and unexpected. Sonder was the brainchild of Francis Davidson, who in 2012 was a college student in Montreal trying to sublet his apartment over the summer. >> The problem that we noticed is that Montreal is a place that is incredible uh during the summer. So many people want to visit, but uh at the same time uh there's thousands of apartments literally that are left empty uh during the summertime. After a few years of testing the idea and raising funding, Davidson and two co-founders officially launched the company in 2014. The vision was professionally managed apartments with hotel style service. Unlike traditional hotels, Saunders business model didn't rely on the company owning real estate. Instead, it entered long-term leases with landlords to operate residential units as short-term rentals. >> This apartment was such a godsend for my stay in New York. Investors [music] loved it. In 2021, the company projected nearly $4 billion in revenue by 2025. By the time the company went public in 2022, Sa managed at least 7,600 units in 35 cities across 10 countries. And it was also really concentrated in downtowns in London, Chicago, New York, and that was really great real estate where a lot of people wanted to stay. So, a lot of investors and other people felt really confident that it could be successful in the long term. >> But Sonder was already running into operational challenges. Leasing apartments meant the company paid rent, furnished units, and kept cleaning and maintenance staff on payroll, whether rooms were booked or not. As the company expanded, the cost of leases outpaced revenue. Part of what they did during CO was to shift a little bit and try to have people staying for even longer. If you're renting for two months, you're probably not going to pay quite as much per night as if you were just staying in a weekend hotel. >> To shore up their numbers, Sa looked to the public markets for cash. To accelerate its IPO, the company went public via a spa, or specialurpose acquisition company, which allows companies a faster, less regulated route to the public markets, but with higher risks. 2021 was also a really hot time for the IPO market. A lot of companies were going public and [music] investors felt really confident even about some companies like SE that had never turned a profit. >> But like many spaxs from the pandemic era, Saunders's market value soon collapsed. >> Several months passed before the IPO actually closed and it was a really disappointing [music] IPO. Basically, all of the investors decided to cash in their stock rather than buy stock in the [music] public company that Sa had become. So that ended up in SE basically earning about 400 million less than they had expected. But in 2024, a lifeline came in the form of [music] a licensing deal with Marriott International, one of the world's largest hotel chains. As part of the deal, thousands of Sa units would appear inside Marriott's [music] booking system. Despite the partnership, Saunders's financial problems continued. By 2025, the company's liabilities had outgrown its assets and posted [music] a loss of about $100 million in a six-month window, according to an SEC filing. Then, in June, Saunders co-founder Davidson announced [music] his departure from the company, writing on LinkedIn, "What unfolded over the following few years was far worse than anything we'd seen in historical data or ever imagined was possible." That summer, there were several more reports that indicated that Sa was doing not well, and it said that it might run out of cash by the end of 2025. >> Sonder was reportedly seeking a buyer to go private. But when that bid fell through, Sa defaulted on its debts to Marriott under the partnership terms that allowed Marriott to end the agreement immediately. Marriott pulled the plug in November 2025, just over a year after announcing the partnership. In a statement, Marriott International said that its immediate priority is supporting guests currently staying at Sa Properties and those with upcoming reservations. With Sa out of the picture, Maria is now left to manage much of the fallout. >> Sre is going out of business, so they really don't care about customers, but Marriott is not going out of business. In the days after the shutdown, Sa instructed employees to direct guests to Marriott with questions about their reservations and next steps. >> Marriott said that it would refund everybody for their future um reservations [music] and it was also handing out points trying to help people find places to stay. Um but obviously places were filling up really fast. In early November, right around the time Saunders sale deal fell through, Marriott covered about $1.5 million in Saunders's payroll for one [music] week, but turned down a later request for $50 million more. In the end, the partnership left Marriott out [music] at least $15 million. Sa had a lot of red flags throughout its history as a company. So, I think it really shows the importance of being aware of what a company's business model is and whether they can actually turn a profit in the long term. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [58 likes]: Read more about Marriott’s disastrous bet on Sonder here: https://on.wsj.com/4p0EiLH
  2. @AnhTuPhucDerrickHoangCanada [1 likes]: Canadian
  3. @rdl8878 [1 likes]: The video was ruined by the continual flipping back to,that female with the monotone and boring delivery. The video also didn’t really explain what really happened. It was 95% filler.
  4. @Trackrace29582: I used to work in corp hospitality. Other than downtown locations, Marriott’s are not special. I would never pick them over a Hilton.
  5. @Andy-vt7sl: Ms. Hamilton: they figuratively (not literally) had the rug pulled out from under them, unless you had a guest who told you this and you reported on it (nothing seen on this so guessing you’re being sensational).
  6. @andreyzhuravlev414: The sad thing is that the only time I rented through Sonder, my personal experience was actually really good, way better than a regular hotel for the same price would have been.
  7. @stevetara10: The CEO made bank. Mission accomplished. 💪
  8. @benavidesruiz: Other Con-Company?
  9. @itsabovemenow1016: The mystery to me is why somebody with a calculator didn’t show him this idea was DOA.
  10. @erfquake1: Well, Marriott could always rely on its other, more respectable business partners in the offshore ID-spoofing, Do-Not-Call violating robocall industry. After all, it's got a reputation to uphold.
  11. @davidellis4084: After watching this report, I still have no real clue why Sonders died.  All I sawwas that they were losing money.  /WHY/ were they losing money?  /WHAT/ was the fundamental flaw in their business model?
  12. @n990: Wow, another company that took another level of available housing off the rental market contributing to a ‘housing shortage’ mixed with a little, We Work incompetence. What’s that really questionable company, Blackstone?
  13. @Asiaguydude: Can’t believe a company like Marriot would be so stupid to get in bed with a Spac pipe dream like Sonder.  Can you say amateur hour?
  14. @KneeJerkReactor: They had 'good management and business strategy' yet their business could not stand up on its own without big corporate partnerships and an IPO?

What is good about that? Sonder's management should've explored other solutions first how could they be profitable on the stagnant time where their units are not turning up a buck WITHOUT an IPO investment.


They were impatient, reckless and lazy in addressing problems. Not earning profit from lack of tenants is every real estate company's problem. It is not new. The investors probably just want to earn their money then leave. 2021 is around the time the Pandemic is just winding down. Rich people invest on things just to invest.


Their biggest hurdle is that they do not own the units. So they should find a way to recover their investment and maintain their prices to their customers. How? I do not know. But an IPO surely cannot solve that. You are injecting money but the hole is still there.
  15. @tailblazerstv: A friend use to tell me , why would a  highly successful company go public if they are making so much money . He said its usually an overvalued company that’s going to capitalize on the IPO sale and then the current shareholders can bail out with money and the money earned from IPO might keep company afloat for a little while longer to tribals cash grab as many uniformed investors until the real numbers and lack of actual income  eventually bankrupt the IPO . But the main shareholders still got their $$
  16. @DovZeev: Did they learn nothing from wework?
  17. @EthanZoid: When a student… I stopped lis
  18. @lost-in-amsterdam: No one does better and risk free scams/ponzi scheemes like millenials, we just changed the name to 'unicorns IPO'
  19. @TheGlorifiedOne: Never fails, companies forget to due research before investing in a new company that looks good on paper but is having trouble in real life.
  20. @keysersoze503: Maybe some Sonder execs need to go to jail?

- Ryan Loses a Deal | Owning Manhattan | Netflix: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hi. So I, um… I got your texts. Yeah. So, the deal fell through. -I… I don't understand. -We are no longer moving forward. I… I don't understand. -When we showed up, Jonathan was there. -Yeah? [Kelsey] And it just became incredibly uncomfortable. [Ryan] What happened? -[Kelsey] He brought up the furniture. -Yep. How they loved the couch. And he made a comment along the lines of, "You won't be able to afford that." Uh-huh. [Kelsey] It was so unprofessional. They were just completely turned off and offended. They really liked their time with you. But then, once he stepped in that door, it completely changed everything for them. I… I… I don't know what to say to you, to be honest. First, I'm sorry, and incredibly… frustrated. [Kelsey] I am as well. I mean, this was the perfect place for my clients. -And… -It still could be! It's still there. I'll meet you there. We could sell it right now. Say… say… say, "Ryan met you. He apologizes." I will… I'll give him a couch. I don't care what the couch costs. I'll buy it. I'll throw in the fucking couch. Okay? They specifically said, "We do not wanna do a deal with SERHANT." [sighs] They have actually moved in a different direction, where they have put in an offer elsewhere. They were looking quick, and they made a decision. I get it, I get it, I get it. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Um… I'm sorry. Super, super frustrating. Super f… frustrating. Uh, but thank you. I'll… I'll see you on the next one, I guess. -See you then. -Bye. -Good luck. Bye. -[hangs up] God fucking damn it! [seethes]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ianw4379 [281 likes]: LOL $9 million listing and you tell the people they can't afford a sofa.
  2. @GormanGolf [132 likes]: You sent a guy with a neck tattoo to a 9 million dollar deal….
  3. @calebA22 [18 likes]: There are not enough words to describe the amount of anger i would feel in my body for losing a deal like that. I would be ready to get arrested
  4. @DB-nc4lt [4 likes]: I need to see this couch what episode?!
  5. @windmaster5000 [2 likes]: Episode 8
  6. @EmmaRose-v3t: Which episode this?
  7. @Read-other-books: What season and episode is this omg I use to love this show
  8. @moonwalker4life: NEVER POCKET WATCH
  9. @umairnazim3298: Well, upload the rest of the video why don't you? Where Ryan himself throws fuel on fire(on the very same call) and says “tell them I’ll buy the couch and throw in the couch as well no extra charge” 😂 like that helps
  10. @albertosaurschannel6946: Not even Jordan Ross Belfort wouldn’t hire that trash 🗑️ knowing it would tank a $10 million dollar deal
  11. @TBHNotGonnaLie: Jonathan is a child, hes got a lot to learn
  12. @Honey_bee098: Rich people are like toddlers, tantrum after tantrum
  13. @da96103: Screenwriters knew the Glambot guy.
  14. @kennyg7163: can afford a billion dollar building but cant afford a damn couch? forget last 2 brain cells fighting for last place, neck tattoo doesnt have any brain cells AT ALL
  15. @KateriTorrealbaKYTV: What episode is this?
  16. @bngr_bngr: I have no clue why he hired Jonathan.
  17. @jessicasoares466: Anyone can tell me the episode?
  18. @DTplayer1: This clip is hilarious
  19. @spencercarr8257: Real estate agents should be paid an hourly wage like everybody else in society…
  20. @ndn2589: Its a 10 million dollar house why wouldnt they be able to afford the furniture

- How Fashion Unicorn Rent the Runway Lost Over 90% of Its Value | WSJ What Went Wrong: Kind: captions Language: en - [Announcer] Ever wish you could wear a designer dress right off the runway or the red carpet? - [Narrator] Rent the Runway bet that most women do. In 2009, the clothing rental startup decided it wanted a bite of the $100 billion global luxury goods market. Just 10 years later in 2019, the company was valued at more than $1 billion. - The consumer was instantly attracted to this idea. - [Narrator] But now, customers aren't so sure, Rent the Runway stock has plummeted over 90%. It's shuttered all five of its stores, and is teetering on the edge of bankruptcy. So what went wrong? - We're kind of like a gateway drug of designer fashion. - Right. 'Cause once you put on a great dress, you wanna wear it forever. - [Narrator] When Rent the Runway was founded in 2009, its goal was to revolutionize the way women thought about fashion for formal occasions like weddings or work events. - Secondhand clothing was still not really a thing in the US, so there was this appetite about thinking differently about fashion. - [Narrator] The company's question to potential customers, instead of shelling out hundreds or even thousands of dollars to buy a fancy outfit, why not rent it instead? - So much of Rent the Runway and the mission of the company is to deliver Cinderella experiences to women. - [Narrator] From Oscar de la Renta to Balenciaga, Rent the Runway partnered with more than 800 designer brands to offer thousands of high-end items. The concept was simple. Rent the Runway bought the clothing at wholesale prices, and customers rented it for less. - [Announcer 2] The Dolce & Gabbana dress that retails for $1,400, that you can rent for just $200. - [Narrator] Then the customer would send it back, using prepaid postage for Rent the Runway to clean and rent again. - It would allow them to have access to designer clothes that are usually very expensive, and that they wouldn't have had access to if it weren't for a one-time rental. - [Narrator] Then in 2016, the company made a major business model shift. - The co-founders realized that it was very expensive to put all this money on acquiring only one customer for a one-time rental. Instead, they thought that it would be a lot cheaper, and also a lot more sustainable to have a subscription to have recurring revenue. - [Narrator] Hyman began offering plans to customers, including one with Unlimited Designer Looks for $139 a month. Company executives thought subscription offerings would also attract slightly older, more established women, with more to spend. The company raised $60 million in funding shortly after launching the subscription plans. According to Hyman, "The first two months of 2020 were the best financial months for Rent the Runway," but then. - Companies are expanding work-from-home options. - Canceling or postponing their weddings due to the Coronavirus. - [Reporter] People stuck at home choose casual. - The whole base of their business model was broken into pieces, basically, and they had to rethink everything. - [Jennifer] [ That Wednesday to Sunday time period was just like 50-plus percent of our subscribers canceled or pause their subscriptions. active subscriber accounts fell from over 133,000 in 2019, to less than 55,000 in 2020, and the company experienced significant net losses in 2020 and 2021. It didn't help that trends were changing. By 2021, workers were returning to the office with a more relaxed dress code. (crowd cheering) Despite these changes, the company pushed ahead with a billion-dollar IPO in 2021. with the hope that going public, would help fund its debt and promote growth. But what started as a successful IPO, quickly went south. In less than two months, the stock had already dropped by about 50%. - When it comes to renting or fashion subscription companies, their customer base has to fall in love with the inventory. If they feel that a subscription plan no longer offers what it's supposed to offer, which is newness, cool clothes, they may start looking for that somewhere else. - [Narrator] And for those who did look, there were options like Armoire, another clothing rental company that offers subscriptions, and newer entrants like Nuuly, which was founded in 2019 by Urban Outfitters Inc. - [Announcer 3] Nuuly, more life in your clothes. - [Narrator] Nuuly offers subscription plans, but its inventory is from various casual brands owned by Urban Outfitters, including Free People and Anthropologie. - The capabilities that Nuuly has are a lot bigger than Run the Runway when it comes to the styles, the new clothes that they can offer every week. It doesn't have to spend all these hundreds of thousands of dollars in inventory because Urban Outfitters already pays for this and already has them. - [Narrator] In 2023, Nuuly turned a profit for the first time, something that Rent the Runway has yet to do. Less than a year after it went public, Rent the Runway reduced its corporate workforce by more than 20%, but it still wasn't enough to offset the problems plaguing the company. - One of the problems with the IPO is that the company would've had been able to use much of this money that they had raised to improve their inventory levels, to improve the styles, but that's something that the company didn't do. Instead, they used most of this money to improve their financial position. I think that consumers, they realized that the newness that they really appreciated from Rent the Runway was no longer there, and they had other options - [Narrator] With 90% of its stock value gone since its IPO, Rent the Runway's shares are now trading at around $20. Rent the Runway's ability to bounce back will depend on how it can adapt to a constantly evolving fashion market. The company has said, "It is buying fewer, but more popular styles, and executives expect to spend less money than the company makes in 2024." Rent the Runway did not respond to a request for comment. (gentle music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @wsj [54 likes]: Why Lululemon’s stock is going out of fashion: https://on.wsj.com/3Rj0uSl
  2. @Just_Hood [2 likes]: I briefly joined Rent The Runway last year when I was getting ready to attend a bunch of weddings that summer. Every single dress (at least 20-30 options) I wanted was not available for any of the dates I chose, and some of them were very far out. I'm not surprised they're tanking.
  3. @johns5558 [2 likes]: "push forward with an IPO" despite the difficult period... no.

The IPO was the owners way to quickly cash out despite knowing the business model was failing and they were facing cost pressure and competition. They knew the headwinds were not insignificant and they wanted some millions for themselves. thats all. this is ridiculously common practice. And yes it is theft in reality though totally unprovable.
  4. @yourbrit54 [1 likes]: I gave an incredible amount of feedback, and I felt they did hear me - unsure if they listened. When covid struck, I informed them in Dec 2019 how bad it will be for those, like myself, who came in every single day to shop the RTR closet. When covid hit, it hit this unique concept so hard. All you haters need to get a grip. It's not the business plan that failed, your complaints are almost exclusively regarding the human experience in its many down falls. They couldn't vet their clientele though, it would A) defeat the entire purpose, and B) be taken down for discrimination. Americans are awful consumers, and even worse renters. I will never feel as confident as I did in RTR.
  5. @john.queue.public [1 likes]: 0:55 "Second hand clothing was still not really a thing in the U.S."  LOL. From what fantasy land did she materialize? Second hand clothing shops, including quite a few offering lower end "designer" labels were all over the States long long before RtR showed up. Maybe not high end labels, but still.
  6. @Namari12 [1 likes]: I used RTR for one-time rentals for fancy events, but lost interest when they switched to a subscription model. I was never going to want something like that, I only wanted to save money when I was going to fancy occasions where I would only need the dress once. You can still do one-time rentals on the site, but it's obvious that their focus just isn't there anymore--the inventory in that category is pretty tiny and lame these days.
  7. @JenPurple2022: The quintessential “Superficial” business 😂
  8. @jbb8261: My god the dresses they showed in this video were hideous
  9. @jogb9515: Their losses were greater than their revenues, you gotta be spending a lot of money for that to happen.
  10. @angelovq: Garbage company built on hype and real business is 💩- don’t believe the hype ever.
  11. @shawnatiu9676: I want to rent one dress for an occasion. Can’t do that on RTR anymore. Need to have a subscription. Lost me as a customer.
  12. @Understandmoreinminutes: Borrow…borrow
  13. @kentaroo.7759: Oh boo hoo hoo. Cry me a river.
  14. @universalsoldier2293: Such a weird business model. Are women really that silly with their money that they would throw away $130 a month to lease clothes?
  15. @Il-SKl: When fast fashion will sell dupe dresses for the cost of a sandwich it’s hard to see why anyone would rather rent.
  16. @lwitte8857: The ONLY time I have ever heard of people using RTR is for weddings. The need for companies to have constantly growing profits is destroying brands left and right.
  17. @sutats: The model is simple enough to understand.
  18. @ruhhshelle: I rented a dress from RTR in 2017. I drove to their Topanga location to pick it up. I loved the dress so much that in 2021 I decided to rent the same style for an event. The one sent to me had a HUGE hole in it and was unwearable. They had to send another, with overnight shipping at their expense. That's not a sustainable business model.
  19. @Brainbaskit: F the rich. Why would you want to emulate them?
  20. @keelhe893: I never subscribed to this even though in college I remembered when they first started. I am not into wearing D&G so renting an outfit that is luxury to return it seems gross to me. I can’t trust someone else to clean it like I can when I buy second hand clothes

- A new report shows the health of luxury real estate: Kind: captions Language: en >>> WELCOME BACK GETTING NEW NUMBERS ON THE STATE OF LUXURY REAL ESTATE. ROBERT FRANK BACK AT POST 9 WITH NEW NUMBERS. >> WE LOOK AROUND THE WORLD. GLOBAL SALES OF HOMES PRICED $10 MILLION OR MORE INCREASING 11% IN THE FIRST QUARTER THE TOP LUXURY MARKETS OVER 400 SALES OVER $10 MILLION MARK. DUBAI WAS THE LEADER WITH 88 SALES. AN AMAZING AMOUNT OF MONEY GOING INTO DUBAI RIGHT NOW NEW YORK, L.A., SINGAPORE AND LONDON LIKE EVERYTHING ELSE, A LOT OF MIXED SIGNALS IN HIGH-END REAL ESTATE APRIL SALES IN MANHATTAN FALLING FOR THE FIRST TIME IN THREE MONTHS CONTRACTS ALSO DOWN IN PALM BEACH AND MIAMI. L.A. TAKING A BIG HIT IN APRIL THANKS TO THE NEW MANSION TAX. ONLY TWO HOMES SOLD FOR MORE THAN $5 MILLION IN APRIL THAT COMPARES TO 126 BACK IN MARCH. YOU LOOK AT MAY, WE COULD SEE SOME IMPROVEMENT SALES CONTRACTS OF PROPERTIES PRICED AT $4 MILLION PLUS IN MANHATTAN. THAT'S THE VERY HIGH END OF THE MARKET THAT WAS UP 20% IN MAY COMPARED TO APRIL SO THI

  Top Comments:
  1. @SterlingCaporale: Absolutely true.

- Increasing Customer Satisfaction: What Does Good Service Mean in Rental?: Kind: captions Language: en businessto business research that shows satisfied customers buy 50% more often and spend 200 100% more annually so there are really there are some really strong business reasons why we should look at customer service and customer satisfaction so what does good service look like in rental yeah so what does good service look like and that's that's the key thing here we've broken it down into four elements that are really key to good customer service the speed you want to make sure that you meet the expectations and you are getting back to your client when they are expecting or ideally before they are expecting you need to make it personalized talk to the client so they they feel that you are knowledgeable about their business deliver what you say you're going to deliver so make a promise and keep that promise and in the world of rental we know that there's problems that happen all of the time and it's about trying to make sure that you are the person trying to be part of that problem solving so if we start off in speed first of all how does a software help with that speed element well the software should be providing the information to you accurately and as the different variations of information that you need so that when you are either talking to the client or you have said that you will deliver a service to the client that you can get get access to what you need to get access to and you might be able to go into the contract area and therefore understand what equipment there currently is with your client or it might be a question about your invoices and you want to be able to provide accurate feedback to them about why you have charged what you have charged so that's speed and and that's key but the next thing to think about is how to make it personal so this might be where you have uh received a phone call from your client and you want to show them that you are knowledgeable about their uh situation or about what they currently have on rent well how how do you do that well an Erp should be able to link in these days with your phone system so that your team should be able to once they are receiving a phone call get the information about your client up on screen quickly they should be able to get easy access to the client's quotes or the client contracts or invoice information and that's really important so that when the client is talking to you and they talk about a certain reference for instance an invoice number or a contract number that you can easily access that

- What’s Driving Down Guest Satisfaction At Vacation Rentals?-058: Kind: captions Language: en while the relaxing of restrictions in some regions of the world has been a thing for some cash trout property owners and un lamming and unprecedented dropping guest satisfaction has emerged what caused this guest satisfaction crunch I will tell you hey there amazing viewers if you enjoy our episodes don't just hover around dive deeper hit that subscribe button like it's the key to a treasure chest of vacation rental knowledge and ring that Bell like you're summoning fun directly to your screen subscribe ring and let's keep your adventure roll why has guest satisfaction dropped even though demand levels have returned to near pre-pandemic levels the travel purpose Trip locations and segment mix is different given this the there are seven possible reasons why satisfaction has declined Hospitality property type Travelers are selecting different properties that might have lower satisfaction scores in general so the hospitality property type draw satisfaction decline traveler type The Travelers themselves have changed or the trip purpose has changed to one that tends to have a lower satisfaction in general so the traveler type drove the the satisfaction decline while there has been a spike in Family Travel during the return to period travel the satisfaction decline held across Family Travel couples travel and business travel with business Travelers experience the highest satisfaction decline the hospitality property experience has changed the service at most profitting has Chang so it's something about the st's experience in general that is causing the decline Travelers did appreciate the opportunity to get out of their homes and enjoy the outdoors and the amenities that were available to them unfortunately the problems they encountered during their stay outweighed any satisfaction deams from being able to enjoy the pool and acquir room with the view the properties fixed the issues with cleanliness or dining options they could raise guest satisfaction to pre pandemic levels fixing issues with customer service would recover half satisfaction declined the next step is to figure out exactly what with wrong within areas that declined so owners and managers can put together targeted programs to improved guest's experience diving deeper into subtopics under these mean drivers can provide insights into exactly what's going wrong liness by far the largest number of men mentions and the largest satisfaction declined was within the subtopic Leaning referring not to the opposite of dirty but rather the act of cleaning itself since the pandemic many Hospitality properties have cut back on housekeeping visits during this day and guests have noticed remarking that sheets and towels weren't replaced and the trash build up in the room the concept of a dirty room is the next largest decline in satisfaction and also an increase in mansions guess we're noticing things like steams or mold this seems to indicate that properties were not doing General upkeep on the properties during the slower periods unfortunately due to current labor conditions many Hospitality properties are experienced shortage of housekeepers so many properties are priorize post stay cleanings so they can resell the rooms this makes sense from a revenue perspective but a balance needs to be achieved to drive Revenue while maintaining satisfaction partly should consider a process of using minimal housekeeping hours to provide additional towels change LMS on requests and solve the issue of trash building up in a room all housekeeping policies should be clearly and transparently communicated in advance of a stay to a property to set expectations especially if they're different when the guests were used to to pre pandemic some properties are considering permanently eliminating housekeeping during the state or offering it by request only this will reduce the cost of their stay driving profit but many guests will notice you should carefully consider this change before implementing it and if you do you need to proactively communicate the policy as guests are making their booking decisions dining options by far the most frequented mentioned topic although mentioned less than pre- pandemic was breakfast and breakfast drove large decline in satisfaction many Hospitality properties due to new regulations are implementing staff restrictions and cost cutting measures end up reducing or eliminating breakfast options guests noticed and reacted negatively discover the golden rule of vacation renting with our essential guide unpacking your property the top 25 secrets to successful vacation properties whether you're new to the game or looking to refine your strategy this guide is packed with invaluable insights that will help you increase your occupancy rates and maximize your profits get your free copy now and start your journey to rental success ice despite the fact that some Hospitality properties were charging near record rates and some some cases guests were complaining about the higher prices per se they were complaining that they didn't receive the value they expect for the price they're willing to pay the price but they expected things like housekeeping and breakfast and didn't know that those Services were limit we are not suggesting that you lower price because the services are limited but you should set the right expectation of service levels if dining hours are limited or housekeeping isn't available guests should know prior to arrival so their expectations will be aligned with the property's offerings customer service customer service is typically the most important driver of satisfaction and it declined quite a bit during the return to travel perceived friendliness or lack thereof has been a drag ons satisfaction guest perceived rudess at times and these interactions negatively impacted through overall satisfaction interestingly helpfulness has had a positive impact on satisfaction compared to pre pandemic it seems a guests do appreciate the pressure staff are under with covid-19 restrictions and increased demand so when they have perceived the staff as being helpful has has had a more positive impact to their overall satisfaction in conclusion given the constraints the hospitality industry is still facing broad stroke Solutions are not POS possible nor will they likely be effective yet if Hospitality property operators do something now they run the risk of damaging the reputation over the long term detailed insights from mining guest feedback can help pinpoint interventions that will be most successful in improving and maintaining satisfaction and that's a wrap of today's episode of beds breakfasts and business make sure to subscribe hit the bell and share with your friends remember it's more than just comfy beds and delicious breakfasts it's about crafting the unforgettable experience stay inspired and keep those guest books full until next time sweet treams and sweeter success and there wraps up another episode of vacation rental resolutions make sure to subscribe and hit the bell and share with your friends remember every successful hosts starts with a dream just just like yours stay inspired keep learning and make your vacation rental shine brighter than ever join us again next week for more gems until then Happy hosting

- Boosting Client Satisfaction with Rentvine & Inspection Express: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to our webinar today this morning this afternoon depending on where you are in the world um we are very excited to be joined by Randall Henderson today COO of Brent Vine um and the topic we will be deep diving into today is all about boosting your client satisfaction um and of course the partnership between inspection Express and rent Vine um why we decided to partner and how we're really increasing efficiencies uh in our industry so thanks so much for joining uh this webinar will be recorded So everyone will receive a copy um afterwards but if you've got any questions throughout the webinar please throw those in the questions box uh and we will answer those uh either throughout or at the end there as well um so without further Ado let's get into it uh Randall thank you so much for joining us uh today um Randall is the CEO of rentvine uh he has a wealth of experience and expertise with over 20 years experience in the real estate industry mixed with property management uh prior to rent Vine Randall spent nearly a decade at Property Management Inc PMI where he held key leadership positions including VP of residential and Commercial his expertise spans uh throughout marketing training support and operations um and we are very uh pleased to have you on this webinar with us today so thanks so much for joining us Randall yeah hello everybody great to be here thank you so much for having me and if you're like me you probably just want to listen to Kelly talk the whole time with that beautiful accent we are in very different time zones right now so thanks for coordinating this for the invite and for uh joining us today guys welcome yeah thank you yes I use my accent to my advantage for sure of course um we've also got Alex on um the line here so Alex is our business development specialist in the US uh Alex is also Australian so got a great accent as well although I think your accent's awesome too um where Alex is just moved to California uh he shares 10 years experience in the industry um so he has just moved there to uh share his experience and expertise uh with you guys in the US as well so I'm sure you'll get to meet Alex uh at the next conference or online or in person somewhere um and myself uh who is the global growth officer 15 years experience and 10 years with inspection Express so part of the furniture here for a very long time um I thought just before we uh get straight into the topic Randall it would be great I was listening to a podcast um the other day that you were on and uh you've got so much experience in the industry which I think paints a great uh picture for the topic we're about to get into so if you wouldn't mind yourself and your background um and what led you to your current position is co at R font yeah and it's kind of a winding road when you talk about like 20 years you're like that's just sounds to me like a lot and my kids will tell you how old I am now and how much I'm just like you know on the other side of life but actually um got started in real estate as an investor and um and kind of living that dream reading Rich Dad poad just kind of helped me to invest and invest and invest and eventually I grew a property management company just with the realization that look the key to successful investing is having a great tenant stay longterm and and really just helping them to be satisfied and to be happy and and kind of gauging that but when you manage for other people you add this additional layer around the property manager and like that new client Rel relationship and so as I built my property management company I realized that like that was kind of the key to to just succeeding um long term both on my own Investments and then for other people after like 10 years of doing that I I finally sold that property management company and joined a franchise group that teaches property managers how to how to build their own companies and that was PMI so I did that for another 10 years and um during that time you just realize how much more technology is coming into the space and eventually you know trying to build the best tech stack um and I know that many of you guys out there in Property Management are looking at that overwhelming amount of technology and trying to navigate that space that's what led me to rent bind is just trying to find the best technology a partner who is open who integrates who brings in the best Partnerships with groups like inspection Express to kind of deliver the best experience for uh both clients and then for tenants as well and so that's kind of the journey that led me to where I am today yeah that's awesome thanks Randall thanks for sharing um so we'll get into client satisfaction obviously um yeah it's a great topic to get into um I guess in this industry we're always talking about real estate and Property Management it's very much focused on the property but um we are very much people people driven so you know every day we're dealing with tenants vendors landlords property managers um all types of people um so the client satisfaction is obviously very very important so um our main areas uh of why it is important is obviously we want to retain business so high retention rates is great um and I'll let Randall just touch on how we can utilize these Technologies to um retain our clients um also business growth is another Point positive reviews so we always want to be asking our clients for those Google reviews um how we can you know get that from our clients as well and also uh increased lease renewals so we want our clients to stay longterm um that really you know reduces the cost for our landlords in the long run so um yeah Randall I'll throw to you again how does uh rent Vine I guess Define or measure client satisfaction uh in some of these areas yeah it's it's a great question and just like I was trying to allude to earlier one of the challenges as a property manager is understanding the client relationship and if you're in the United States and you're in one of 46 States you need a license to be a property manager and with that license license comes and most of you agents know this a fiduciary responsibility to that client meaning that you're going to act in their best interest but understanding that that is your client like the property owner is your direct client but also the tenant is a key customer of yours so I always differentiate between the two I say look you have clients in Property Management those are your fiduciary duties and responsibilities and relationships but you also have customers and that's your tenants and it takes the combination of both to have a successful property management company so absolutely client satisfaction is essential and it's not just the owner it's also the tenant so you need technology and tools that are going to allow you to to measure and see how you're doing and at rentvine we take that very seriously and Kelly at some point I'd love to dive into like The NPS score and what that is and what that means for like getting that review feedback that's how rent bines kind of approached it we're we're now trying to integrate like an NPS score at the correct decision points or like at the right actions that might happen on a property we can we can dig into that a little bit more yeah that's very cool um great so um I guess in terms of business growth uh you know you touched on it's also important to um you know keep that client satisfaction with tenants as well um in the long term those tenants will sometimes and more often than not become Property Owners as well so we want to um really maintain those relationships um I guess how does sorry I was just going to say yeah beyond that Kelly like you know trying to trying to grow your property management company is like what everybody wants the secret to growth um in property management and like every property manager who's got more than a hundred doors will tell you that the most valuable business source is referral from existing clients and so like measuring that client satisfaction delivering to their needs and their goals is what drives that referral business that's the easiest client you'll ever acquire it's costs literally nothing except for great service to get that referral so absolutely you have to have high you know you have to have strategies and techn ology to try to like measure that yeah cool um Randle what are some of the trends that you're seeing in with client satisfaction with in our industry is there anything um different or is there anything we're doing really well for sure yeah I think Google reviews like you have on the screen are kind of the default you do need to drive those obviously clients are still relying heavily on those so one of the first things you need to do as the property management company is set up a way so that you're getting those Google reviews easier and that can come from a marketing partner or it can come from just inserting you know the the at the the time when a client is going to be most likely to give you a festar review you have a touch point in your process where you're going to say okay when am I going to have the happiest client in Property Management well there's a couple of different times one is when you first on board that client and you give them like you show them what you can do so you want to have some way to like Ping them at the end of that onboarding process and ask for a Google review the next biggest one is when you finally place a tenant and maybe that takes you two or three or four weeks but that's usually the time when you want to like check and see or ask for that Google review another one would be like if you just completed a maintenance or you caught something like just think about those different times where you could like ask for those reviews and that's like the basic level the Google review so that's one thing Kelly I will say yeah great and that's probably something that we can all take away today as well is those specific times that we should be asking for those Google reviews um yeah is really important about you know for getting the most out out of our clients um I like that you guys are introducing the MPS score as well is that something that's already in play or is that coming soon yeah that's that's in Play Already um and there's again certain times and if for those of you who are not familiar with NPS score NPS stands for net promoter score and it's basically like anybody who's had an interaction with with a company recently has probably gotten a question that says How likely are you to refer this business to another you know to another person and that that measurement of that score is called NPS and so rent Vine's built in some of that um to be able to easily add on top of like okay we've just finished this maintenance flow hey tenant how easy was that for you do would you recommend this software to you know to a a friend or a relative and so that's what the NPS is and it it definitely you can do it in software you can also do it outside of software you just need some technology and some ability to track that but maintenance is a perfect opportunity for that yeah great hey Alex is there anything you want to add on the business growth and how you've seen our clients use technology to grow their business yeah so I I've seen our clients use our technology specifically and Integrations to save a lot of time so they can focus on you know that customer satisfaction and that business growth as a result I've also seen um clients take full advantage of the customization of the communication that goes out from inspection Express as well so you know being able to add in things like if you'd like to leave us a review after they received their first 360 inspection um you know showing that quality of reporting and then prompting them to leave a review it really helps with building that client satisfaction overall and building their business as well um as a result what we've o seen is actively using the technology that clients have adopted in their business and that Tech stack as their selling point as a service offering to their you know the owners of the property saying this is how we can service you in the best way possible um and and showing that before that client does sign up as well I think is really important through example reports and yeah that's great Alex thank you um so now we'll just touch on uh the integration um so why inspection Express and rent Vine partnered um I just love that rent Vine have an open API you know they're all about bringing together the best technology in the industry um so that you guys our clients um have the best stack to then go out and grow your business enhance that client satisfaction um and you know work more efficiently as well so uh those are all the reasons why we partnered with rentvine um and yeah we have onboarded a few clients now so Alex is going to share at the end a few case studies and the benefits that they've seen so far um but what it means is a seamless integration between the two platforms so instead of you know um logging into one and then manually entering in data and losing things and you know that compliancy level I guess becomes a risk if we are leaving it up to um ourselves to remind ourselves to update things so it's all about having that seamless work throw flow from one uh platform to the other so um if you are utilizing the rent Vine integration or you are a rent Vine client and inspection Express and client as well and haven't um gone ahead and uh activated that integration um now would be a really really great time so it just means that any data that you would need for an inspection flows nicely through from rent Vine including uh inspection tasks and then anything that you go out and finalize on inspection Express is going to save a nice copy back into rent Vine so you know that would be a one source of Truth where you can then manage your maintenance um vendors property man uh yeah landlords and tenants as well so yeah it's just having everything all in the one place and having everything work seamlessly um is there anything you'd like to add on that Rando yeah just um to zoom out a little bit but this partnership is important because like it talks about one of the core principles that that we have at rentvine that I think you guys have as well which is that you know oftentimes I think you have to remember that again just to go back like the property manager oftentimes gets like a lower um Tech stack or like it feels like the technology is always behind in Property Management versus investing and it's a real shame and that's one of the reasons why we built rentvine was to really give property managers the best technology stack as you said Kelly but having said that like rentvine has inspections but inspection Express is going to take that to this next level and the integration allows for property managers to use the best tech techology that they've been able to find be it inspection Express you can use that like cohesively with rent Vine so in other words like it feels like both companies are aligned in like our commitment to giving the best technology to property managers and just strengthening their role with how they relate to the owners and to the tenants directly so I just I just love that it really speaks to kind of what gets me up every day is just listening to property managers building what they need and want and being able to to integrate with great Partners yeah exactly right um yeah that definitely speaks to us as well and where our values lie in how we've been so successful and what we do is that you know making property managers happy we listen to our clients we provide them with what they need so yes happy to be partners um just to again uh touch on those key points of the integration um obviously we're improving workflow so when you are looking for your Tech stack you obviously want to make sure that it's all integrated um and rent Vine and inspection Express are a great partner um we're enhancing efficiencies and elevating the client experience so again coming back to that growth and retention with the uh client satisfaction um you know whatever makes our lives easier as property managers then in turn uh allows us to provide a better service to our clients and and I will say Kelly that you guys um you have a great development team um what's amazing is that you know the the open Nature rent Vine is the only platform on the market that allows for this type of integration where it's and and we use a term like API not everybody knows on the call like what is an API but it basically means that like any bullet point that is INS inside of the software inside of rent Vine can be accessed and written to or pulled out into in into inspection Express and what that means is that like as Kelly mentioned you you're going to gather tons of data points as you're going into like doing your inspections and you want those to be pushed in and have that available to rent Vine because oftentimes the property manager is not the same person who might be out doing the inspection and so you're going to want like that property manager to easily review and see everything that was captured on the property and it just it adds a whole new layer of of capability with that open API yeah and such a good description of the API uh yeah um yes so I guess uh if we sort of bring in like I I think it's always nice out of these webinars to um have something to kind of take away today so if we are using rent Vine or we're using inspection Express uh what are some things that we can be doing today to help increase that client satisfaction again um so uh Alex do you want to touch on uh full transparency and how we're utilizing inspection Express with 360 inspections um but also bringing in that integration so if we are sitting there in the office or we've got a team of vas who are um sitting there plugging away for us we uh have that full transparency over our portfolio yeah absolutely um I think the core thing is that like you said that access and that full transparency of the property and having that 360 degree view to rely back on when you are in the office um when you do need to sort of you need to log maintenance and through rent rent Vine and send it through to your property owner as well um and also when you have teams that are across borders like you said with vas or in another state that need to access the property and see it so having that digital twin of a property um is really really essential in terms of having that full transparency across your team and also with your maintenance and to your landlords as well um it's super important you know the ability to access a property at any time from anywhere and see where your pinpointed maintenance is if you have logged maintenance within your inspection and being able to then action that accordingly and and most efficiently is is gamechanging you know it completely cuts out that that wasted um for lack of better word time and allows the property manager to do what they do best um and service their clients at the end of the day as well you know tying it back to that client satisfaction you know for your landlord to be able to sit from the comfort of their own home and and see their property and where the maintenance is is is also very valuable and and it builds that trust and Rapport between the client and the property manager yeah cool um all right we have a question the question is if inspection Express an app or how is it to use it say she want to explain that sorry didn't if it SP Express an app and how is it to use it okay sorry I've got my lovely facilitator uh Monique here uh reading me questions um so uh someone just asked about inspection Express is it an app um and how do we use it um so we will show you a short video on um how you can use inspection Express or the functionality I guess the output the video was um at the end um but uh Alex do you want to just give a quick high level overview of what inspection Express is yes so um inspection Express is an app that you access from your phone um and you conduct your inspections that connects through um through the app to a 360 camera where you can take a photo in six seconds of each room um we also have an AI component as well to the software which for entry uh reports you can generate comments um but essentially that 360 ability for your entry your routines um but then your when you're leaving the property as well that side by side comparison of a before and after tendency as well is is super important so um it's an app that gives you the ability to conduct all of those inspections um within the shortest amount of time possible but still having that accurate reporting as well yeah and I guess the main thing is sort of I guess mitigating that risk at the end of a tency you'll see when we show you the video um there is a really really nice side by-side comparison there um which just means nothing is missed um at any inspection when it comes to claiming the bond um and getting uh you know funds for those repairs it's easily uh you know you can easily have those conversations with tenants um Randall is there anything that you'd like to touch on here where rent Vine um helps us with that full transparency maintenance um having that clear visibility over our portfolio and also faster leasing yeah I think you nailed it the importance there's a lot of steps and processes and routines that are that make up inspections and are part of like movein move outs and it's just important to nail them so um please use this type of technology to be able to to give the best experience for your clients and and Alex you touched on it as well like the ability of and that transparency that you're creating with your client that creates trust trust is one of the most important um you know ideals that a property manager needs to develop with their owners for long-term relationships so just you know the visibility the transparency responding to maintenance all of that makes up what what can build trust in a property so I love it cool um Randall before we move on to our case study is there anything you would like to share uh with our viewers today on some new Innovations or something we can expect from rentvine this year well those who follow rent Vine probably know that we just received a private Equity investment a few months ago um we're excited to have another $74 million to grow this business and to develop all of the features that you guys are requesting on the docket this year you will see massive changes um to how rent Vine is thinking about property management how it's doing a better job of just strengthening your relationship as a property manager with your owner and tenant um that's our mission that's our vision is to be the tech partner that you guys deserve so that's it awesome you he it heard it here guys that's great wow well done on that um rise it's impressive thank you um so just a couple of testimonials so uh these wonderful clients are both using uh rent Vine and inspection Express um when we first met Caren and also uh Tatiana from Florida Lakes who will touch on as well um they were using other platforms so uh they have moved over uh to rent B and inspection Express and they're really reaping the benefits of having those two integrated platforms but also working in the best uh you know working with the best platforms uh for doing what they're the best in in the uh industry um Alex these are your clients do you want to touch on some um you know great experiences that Ken and Tatiana are having yeah absolutely um and before that like using those the these text acts and coming to rent Vine and inspection Express for these these clients was like um replacing the tools in their tool belts so rather than a screwdriver they've now got you know a drill and you know it just completely elevates that whole experience and the way they're they're doing their job dayto day um for klen like she said in her um her testimonial the ability to have that paperless system and that seamless integration between two different Tech platforms has been completely gamechanging for her it's it's elimin ated a lot of that manual workload um that a property manager has in terms of admin but it also allows her to be confident in the storage and safety of her documents and her inspections as well with that saving of the reports um so it completely offloads um that stress or worry in her day-to-day and it takes care of that for her um the 360 option like she said again having that marketing video to be able to um you know show property virtually to a client like I know when I was moving to the US um looking for a rental property and being in Australia was was quite difficult and having a virtual tour to be able to facilitate that inspection was just gamechanging for me and caren's able to do that within just using the two softwares of you know rent Vine and inspection Express it's giving her all those tools um and then most importantly the invaluable nature of the 360 comparison for move out move outs um for Cor preparation just giving that extra layer of protection has been gamechanging as well um you know with the 360 I always say and um to to clients it it removes that gray area between a move in and a move out inspection you know when you when you're taking still images there's always something that's up for interpretation whereas when you have a 360 and it's compared right in front of you it just removes that gray area and when you are presenting in court um or you're preparing for court or trying to resolve a dispute before you go to court um it's just completely changed the way and transformed the way she she manages properties amazing um and we've got Tatiana from Florida Lakes um who was using buildium I think and happy Co before she moved over um and yeah a great client who's been able to um I guess the first challenge for her was uh she was finding that a lot of detailed was missed at those inspections you know going out and capturing photos you're only sort of seeing a thumbnail on each which was them hard to prove at the end of a tency um you know that that damage had occurred during that tency so actually having the 360 view she'll get in and out you know within 15 minutes um generate the AI comments and have that guaranteed layer that nothing is missed um at her inspections so she has been able to save around $118,000 in costs um just with the time that she's saving conducting these 360 inspections um she uses it as a business growth tool um really really well so uh whenever she's meeting with a new landlord or a prospective client she will take her 360 example and show them what they'll be receiving when they uh lease their property with her um or put their property management with her um and also uh off market so if she's got a landlord who's looking to sell uh she will provide that 360 to all the prospective um I guess investors either in her portfolio or outside and it just means they get a view of that prop without having to disturb the tenant as well so that's another really good use for the 360 um but again she's loving the two products and how they integrate and make her life so much easier oops um so we do have a few questions on the product which I'll quickly touch on and then we'll move into the video uh which just really gives you a high level overview of inspection Express and the output that you're receiving by using it um but by all means please reach out to us we're happy to run through uh 15 to 20 minute demo is all it will take and we can run you through how inspection Express Works um there's a few questions on what data we're pulling from Brent Vine um so it is your whole property portfolio will sync over to inspection Express so you've got visibility of that when you're on the go um at any stage you can launch into one of those properties doors units um and inspect that on the go uh and then your finalized reports are actually saving back into rent Vine as well I don't think we've got the maintenance integrated yet but that is somewhere we we'll get so when we report maintenance from an inspection um will then in turn be able to feed that back into rent Vine I'm excited for that oh it's giving you Hearts rangle yeah I get excited about those Integrations like that they're so fun absolutely um and Can a tenant conduct their own self- inspection to send to the property manager so absolutely we do have tenant guided in inspections um yes so obviously something we built out during the lovely days of Co um which is stuck around which is great because it is such a Time Saver again um the great thing about our tenant assisted inspections is that the tenant can't move on until you've reported on each and every area uh that you've put in the requirements so that is another thing that we can run you through in more detail also great for customer satisfaction from from your tenants going back to what Randall said with your client and your customer if you can provide an option for your tenants to be able to do something without going into their home as a property manager you're increasing that satisfaction overall and and hopefully increasing the longevity of their lease sorry to interrupt no perfect example of client satisfaction absolutely I'd much rather do it myself and have my property manager come in um just one other question about the product uh can you speak can you use the voice to text instead of typing everything out so the great thing about inspection Express um is it's one magic wand tap the button and it actually reads the 360 image and types out your full comments for you um so we absolutely love that integration and innovation of AI um and you know you'll see where able to take that over the next 12 to 18 months as well so there's no need to spend hours typing your reports and that's how we've really got our inspection times down by up to 75% um is by utilizing the 360 technology and the AI it's as easy as one button um and all your comments are generated uh there are additional fees for inspection Express we are separate companies um but we are going to reach out to all of you um and send you some information or book in one of those demos where we can go into the product a bit more um before we wrap up today thank you everybody for joining we're just going to show a short video of inspection Express um and as I said we'll reach out and thank you so much Randall for joining us today it's been awesome to have you on the [Laughter] web thanks for thanks for having me this is and thanks uh to also highlighting a couple of our great customers we love them yeah they're wonderful yeah thanks so much ranel and thanks Alex we'll uh close with the video [Music] short and sweet all right thanks everybody we'll speak soon thanks bye

- Increasing Customer Satisfaction: Your Call Skills: Kind: captions Language: en we've all experienced poor service over the telephone and when you analyze that it's often the phraseology that people are using what they're saying the words they're using and how they're saying it whether their tone is helpful or unhelpful and call handling is uh a real skill and a lot of younger people coming into organizations will do everything they can to avoid using the telephone so they'll email rather than picking up the phone and you need to guide and teach people people um what to say how to say it and how to lead and manage a call and I think the other thing that's really important to bear in mind in rental probably more than any other sector is that you have to get the details right it's the difference between a job going smoothly and the right piece of Kit going to the right site at the right time or something going wrong in that whole delivery process and that ends up in an escalation an unhappy customer and potential a credit note

- The 2 P’s and 2 C’s of Short Term Vacation Rental Management | AZ Realty & RentalsAZ Realty: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey there Property Owners welcome to the exciting world of short-term vacation rentals if you're diving into the world of short-term rentals I've got some golden insights straight from Arizona realy and rentals whether you're a seasoned Pro or just starting out these tips will help you navigate the waters smoothly here's the lowdown on mastering short-term rentals with Arizona realy and rentals proven formula we've distilled our years of experience into a simple yet effective strategy first up let's talk about the two PS and the two C's of short-term Vacation Rental Management personal proximity cleanliness and communication these principles are the backbone of a successful rental business number one personal vacation rentals are personal they should reflect a unique charm and warmth guests should feel a welcoming Vibe and a sense of owner Pride the moment they step into one of our properties This Personal Touch can make all the difference next communication this is the lifeline of your rental Business Without great owner and guest communication you might as well pack it up clear timely communication can prevent misunderstandings and enhance the guest experience for owners we know this is one of your largest Investments protecting it with effective communication is essential for guests it's all about those five star our reviews these reviews are the lifeblood of your rental's reputation waiting more than a day to respond is a big no no in the fast-paced world of short-term rentals time is of the essence now let's move on to the second P proximity as your property manager being close to your rental property is more important than you might think to provide Stellar service you need to be in the market and close enough to respond in a timely manner this local presence allows for quick problem solving and personal touches managing a property in Arizona from out of state it's a challenge that often leads to delays and dissatisfaction not going to cut it anymore being local means you can handle emergencies maintenance and guest needs promptly lastly and probably the most important is cleanliness this cannot be overstated an st Str has to feel fresh and clean when anyone walks in cleanliness is often the first thing guests notice it better be perfect for the owner and spotless for the guest a clean property sets the tone for a pleasant stay we're talking disinfecting everything cleaning every surface pulling out drawers and looking underneath all furniture no corner should be left untouched guests appreciate the attention to detail all this and more is required to earn that much needed five-star guest review cleanliness can make or break your rental's reputation at Arizona realy and rentals we've got the experience our team is dedicated to maintaining the higher standards so if you want to partner with a management company that truly understands the ins and outs of short-term rentals look no further we're here to help you succeed thanks for tuning in and let's make your short-term rental a five-star experience we look forward to working with you at Arizona realy and rentals stay tuned for more tips and insights

- 7STAR CLEANING SERVICES 10 years of remarkable services Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en for 10 remarkable years we've been Illuminating the path to a cleaner healthier and happier Uganda join us on this heartwarming Journey as we celebrate a decade of dedication growth and Triumph it's indeed a remarkable Milestone as we celebrate here at sevenstar cleaning services it all began with a dream to revolutionalized cleaning services built on the foundations of trust reliability and Excellence our CEO's Vision was clear to make a difference one sparkling surface at a time our story began with a simple yet B vision and that was to make a difference in cleaning industry uh by delivering in exceptional cleaning services stroke solutions to both domestic and Commercial clients and over the past 10 years we have worked tirelessly to bring this Vision to life uh driven by our core values our existence in Uganda now is being failed cuz so many people are now calling in us and they really want our services so we have grown from domestic cleaning to now commercial and we have added so many other services that have really turned up to make sure that the cleaning business is wide and we normally use it I'm proud to reflect on our journey over the last decade we have achieved significant growth and impact in our operations including service expansion as our reputation sared so did our family of talented and dedicated individuals we embraced Innovation harnessing the power of technology to enhance our services and stay ahead of the country if a job has to be done by five people one person can handle the job but through mechanization and Innovation so part of what we have is to train the teams to make sure they can always be equipped that's number one number two to make sure they can use the machines that we have which will be of high equipment high end and stateof thee art we've also come up with training initiative programs through communication skills leadership and management skills so as to serve our client better if you going into Google and putting cleaning companies near you trust me seven star will be number one because we have decided to capture the market it's not something very easy but it has been happening for the last 10 years our people are the heartbeat of seven star we nurture their growth Empower their development and care for their well-being we believe that happy employees equal happy clients of all it has built my confidence personally you know working with different people different ages we have managed to employ over 200 young people to work in our different sites through various sessions of interview that have been both oral and practical this has enabled us to equip them with various skills and abilities to carry on with their work we started with five employees I remember uh my first client was Mr Miss Chun who was my boss by then after highlighting my vision about this starting up a cleaning company he offered to be the first client and I was very glad and we started with five employees and with time we managed to expand to almost 250 employees we have right now speaking of which our clients stories are our greatest treasure their satisfaction is our fuel driving us to excel with every passing day I speak today as a chairperson of the procurement committee here at Next Media and I'm very proud to be associated with seven star seven star is a brand I've come now to to know for the last three years also which I believe is is a good time frame to be able to understand uh um really what a provider should offer and whether they doing it right they are a very essential part of our patient care in keeping our environment clean and safe for our clients I would like to thank them every day for the countless service that they offer us to make our patients feel comfortable and for us to practice in a clean and safe environment we have had a very good experience with seven star uh at ucu they have done an excellent job of keeping our campus meticulously clean before seven star we had a lot of issues when we got in seven star clean company in the building uh the issues reduced we have not been disappointed as Next Media you have kept the next media Park very clean you have put a smile on our faces when we go to our common areas when we come to sit in our spaces as you can see it's always really really clean since seven st came on board you have a clean environment with less stress of people management even if they don't check on them the te can move itself it doesn't require to be pushed I've been at CCU so far for 3 years and seeing s star work with us work with the university has been amazing have kept the environment so clean uh the holes where we sleep the classrooms the uh the compound as you're moving very convenient very comfortable no journey is without its challenges but our resilience and adaptability have always shown brighter than any obstacle just like any other expanding company we have also faced challenges in this past 10 years such as under quoting from our competitors and our clients taking long to pay the fact that this is operational business we need finances to to give out best services in 2020 we had uh a pandemic that came it was the worst challenges we have ever received as a company we lost almost 70% of our clients we had to lay off some workers and the 30% we are left with they weren't stable in finances that meant we couldn't deliver as expected on on the services we are deeply committed to giving back to our community spreading love and kindness through our corporate social responsibility initiatives and Seven Star Cleaning Services we have managed to give back to our clients like qcu moo and Bal campus through tile cleaning we have also supported the community or given back to the community Through concern for the girl child and the elderly in wakiso District recently we had um cleaning event in the community of tinda naawa division and seven St cleaning services was one of the companies that um supported us that reach that we reached out and greatly that was of great help as we gaze into the future we're excited for New Horizons innovative solutions and continued growth I'd like to thank God for enabling us go through all that time and I'm so proud to be part of this team's growth and success I'd love to thank CEO and the entire team most especially my fellow supervisors your tireless efforts Have Been instrumental in driving our success and I am proud to lead such a talented team I want to say I'm very proud of me and my team for what we have achieved in the 10 years we appreciate thank you so much it wouldn't have been this without you there only good service that can keep in business for 10 years so we are glad that we work with you as the celebrate years today I would like to say congratulations seventh star keep up the good work i' would like to congratulate uh Seven Star Cleaning Services upon attaining 10 years of distinguished service thank you for walking this journey with us here is to many more years of shining bright inspiring excellence and making a lasting impact on the lives We Touch sevenstar Cleaning Service says a remarkable difference [Music]

- I Cleaned The World’s Dirtiest Beach #TeamSeas: Kind: captions Language: en - This is one of the dirtiest beaches in the entire world. And we're gonna pick up every single piece of trash on this beach. Starting with this water bottle. One out of millions of pieces of trash. - We did it! - This will take forever. [upbeat island music] - Bottle me up, baby. I'm hungry for your plastic. - As you can see, this is taking forever. Oscar, come on in. This is Oscar, professional beach cleaner. Is this basically how you guys clean beaches? - Mainly, we do the big stuff first and then we bring a lot of people with sifters as well for the small stuff. - You scoop it into this thing and then shake out the sand, and you got a bunch of trash. This right here is the first bag of trash. Hundreds more to go. How do we do this quicker? - We just need more people. - That seems simple. Can you clap for me? [Oscar clapping] There you go! All the volunteers. (crowd cheering) - Okay guys, we're gonna clean this up using the vice. We're gonna clean this up. Groups of four! Groups of four in this area. - Part of me wanted to see if me and the boys could clean up this beach by ourselves, and the other part of me realizes that would've taken a year. - I could've told you that. - Jimmy! - [Jimmy] Yeah? The ocean's putting more trash on the beach. There's so much underwear in the ocean. - I'm enacting a new law. Thou shall not throw your underwear in the ocean. - Wait, did you guys already fill up a bag? - Yeah. - You guys are better than us. They are professionals to be fair. (upbeat music) - After 12 hours of cleanup, this is what we managed to achieve, which isn't enough. Boys, bring it in. Tomorrow, I'm gonna bring in 10 times the volunteers. Tomorrow. (record scratching) (flip-flop squeaks) - Tomorrow. - It's now the next day. (crowd cheers) - I'm helping. - Nah, nah, nah. - But as slowly as possible. - Who's more bueno? Mark Rober or MrBeast? - MrBeast. (piano music) - Make sure you watch until the end of the video to find out how we're gonna pick up 30 million pounds of trash. - Thank you for coming to our country and help us with this initiative. That is really awesome. - Right here. Right there. Stop. He's not stopping. I'm gonna move. In this bad boy is 6,000 pounds of trash. And now we have 36,000 pounds of trash, which weighs the same as 3,000 cats or three T-rexes. Whichever you prefer. While I was talking with some of the locals, they mentioned that there's a beach down the street that was also very dirty. So I said Nolan with a bunch of volunteers to go clean that beach as well. There's a whole car bumper right here. - There's a car bumper here? Did this come outta the ocean? - People litter weird things. - What type of trash have you seen along the beach? - Most importantly, most commonly is plastics. And we see that in every form on the beach here. - They ended up removing 12,000 pounds of trash, which brought us up to a total of 50,000 pounds of trash from just two beaches. - Check out this power move. Watch this. Look at that! - Is that how you want us to dump it? - Yeah, dude, I'm taking one for the team. I'm a team player. Oh yeah. I don't even have to look. - There you go, Mark. - It actually kind of works. - See? - And if you guys look over there, we're actually getting close to the end of the beach. This is what the beach looked like at the start of the video. And this is what it looks like with like 20% left. We're getting there. - We're doing it! - Unfortunately, between the ocean washing up trash to the beach and rivers bringing in new trash from the mainland, obviously this beach is gonna get dirty again. But with your guys' help, we can stop a much bigger issue. - We're almost done, Jimmy. - I know! Four straight days of picking up trash. And just like that, we removed over 60,000 pounds of trash from the world's dirtiest beach. And even though this 60,000 pounds of trash we picked up might seem impressive, there is sadly way too much trash still in the ocean. Two years ago, we crushed our goals with Team Trees and planted 20 million trees. - And now it's time to do it again. - Which is why we, along with hundreds of other creators, are launching Team Seas. And for every $1 you guys donate, like this, one less pound of trash will be in the ocean. - But what if I wanted to donate $10, Jimmy? - I conveniently have 10 pounds of trash right here that is now out of the ocean. - Boom. Gone. - You get the point. One dollar donated as one less pound of trash in the ocean. And I'd like to personally thank YouTube Originals for supporting Team Seas and helping us fund it. They're gonna be matching the first $400,000 worth of donations, dollar for dollar. And we wanna remove 30 million pounds of trash from the ocean. - Which is just so freaking audacious. This only happens if we all work together. - Half the money we raise is going towards funding volunteer beach cleanups like we did here today, all across the world, as well as literally fishing trash out of the ocean. - And the other half will be used for these trash-eating robots that pick up trash 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, from rivers that flow to the ocean. - Go to teamseas.org or click the donate button below this video right now. $1 equals one less pound of trash in the ocean. Making real change like this isn't gonna be easy. Go donate right now and help us remove 30 million pounds of trash from the ocean before the end of the year. Let's show the world that we want a clean ocean. (soulful music) - What are you doing? Get outta here. Go donate. (bell dinging multiple times)

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrBeast [185000 likes]: Such an inspiring day! To celebrate, here’s something else you might like. https://imgur.com/gallery/puzzle-mD2eHYD
  2. @paintaljansiArt [9 likes]: We famous right person 😅❤❤
  3. @ZerguinemouhamedISLAM [1 likes]: تعال إلى الجزائر
  4. @Alisaman777 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  5. @yirouvn9621: where is this island located at?
  6. @TheMotivationVlogs: India me kro sfayi😅
  7. @Babulal-w4u2r: ❤❤❤🎉
  8. @edwardanerdez2562: Hey, I’m a YouTuber. I’m watching right now and where are what country is it?😅😅😅😅😅🎉 I am 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  9. @ElizaulMinaya: Me gustaría que hicieras ese tipo de videos en la República dominicana 😅
  10. @technologyandspacenews: You can't clean the Ganga river. Do if you can.
  11. @ArmanAhmed-qe3vr: इंडिया में इस तरह के युटुब नहीं है सब सिर्फ नाच गाने वाले हे
  12. @unspokp: Khas India mai Aaise youtuber hota ❤❤❤❤❤ love from India ❤❤❤
  13. @AshelyGandiwa: whoah you cool bruh
  14. @VfhnjjGgghhgfghg: نور😊
  15. @DharmenBhawar-x9q: ❤❤❤❤
  16. @SafkhaKhan-y1v: 😂😅😂
  17. @Sam-w7i2q: Ki pln taa ggt fair bout toi kkliki
  18. @RajAgarwal-m1u: come to India Please
  19. @freeuse-w3t: hi
  20. @MdJulfikar-w2p: Good 😮 0:10

- Janitorial Restroom Cleaning Step-By-Step Training: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we’re going to review the steps to cleaning a restroom. Keep in mind this is just a demonstration, so actual cleaning time will be longer and each building is unique, so be sure to reach out to your supervisor about your site-specific needs. You’ll hear us talk about your PPE, or personal protective equipment, which makes sure you’re fully protect throughout the cleaning process. Be sure to note what protective equipment is required for each step. Finally, before we get started, make sure your cart is fully stocked with the right materials. Ready? Let’s go! First, you’ll need to put on your disposable gloves. Then, open the door slightly and announce yourself. If the restroom is not empty, close the door and place the restroom closed sign to the side of the door until the person exits the room. If the restroom is empty, hold the door open with a door stopper and bring the cart inside if you are able. Be sure to place your restroom closed sign in the doorway. When cleaning, start at the door and move around the room either right to left, or left to right, for each step. This will help ensure nothing is missed. Observe the room for broken items, spills, bio-hazards, or anything that should be taken care of or reported, before you start your regular cleaning. To begin cleaning, lightly spray disinfectant on the sinks, urinals and toilets, and the surrounding areas. This is the only step where you will spray the surface directly rather than spraying a cloth or paper towel. Allow the recommended dwell time for proper disinfection. Next, you’ll begin stocking materials and fill as needed. Make sure battery-operated dispensers are properly working, if not, replace with new batteries. Check paper towels, soap dispensers, toilet paper, seat covers. Check any sanitary boxes and replace with clean bags if needed. This is not considered bio-hazardous waste and is disposed in the regular trash on your cart. If there are items in the bottom of the container, use a tool to grab the items. Never reach inside. Some sites will also have sanitary product dispensers to be checked and filled. There are three steps to dusting a restroom. First, use the high duster to clean all vent covers to ensure proper air circulation. Second, spray the blue micro-fiber cloth lightly with disinfectant and dust all horizontal ledges that are below 70 inches. You will also use this cloth to spot clean areas like trash cans, door handles, push and kick plates, and underneither hand-drying stations. Be sure to clean fingerprints and smudges off walls and partitions. Third, use the extension duster to clean the baseboards in the entire room except under the urinals and toilets. If the pipes and pipe covers are exposed under the sink, they should also be dusted. Next, you will use an angle broom to sweep the restroom. Start behind the door and sweep the floor along the edges, out from the corners, behind the toilets and underneath any trash containers to move any debris to the middle of the room. Pick up the debris with your dust pan and place in the garbage on your cart. Never use the trash container in the restroom. You will now need your yellow janitor gloves to clean the restroom fixtures; including sinks, urinals, and toilets. You’ll keep your disposable gloves on and put your yellow gloves over top to ensure you are protected throughout the cleaning process. You are now ready to clean the sinks. Use cold water to wet the yellow and white sponge and bowl of the sink. Apply a dime-sized amount of cream cleanser on the white scratch pad side of the sponge and scour the inside of the bowl. Rinse the area and the sponge, then return them to the container on your cart. You’ll finish the bowl by wiping out any residue with a paper towel. Next, grab the blue microfiber cloth and spray with disinfectant. Use this to polish the faucet handles and spout. Then wipe down the rest of the area including counters, back splash and the inside of the sink. Make sure everything is completely dry and shiny, and faucet handles are uniform. When finished, put the blue cloth in the laundry bag. Now you’ll clean the mirrors. Spray a paper towel with multi-purpose cleaner and wipe around the edge of the mirror, starting at the top and going all the way around. Then wipe side-to-side, overlapping to the bottom. Look at the mirror from different directions and make sure there are no spots or smudges. If the restroom has urinals, you will clean that area next. First, flush the urinals two times to make sure they are fully rinsed. Remove any screens then, while holding them over the urinal, spray them on both sides with disinfectant and place them on a paper towel on the floor. Next, apply a generous amount of cream cleanser to your green scratchpad and scour the inside of the bowl of the urinal. Start underneath the rim, scrubbing back and forth and down into the drain hole. Then flush and rinse until all cream cleanser is gone. After the area is dry, place the screens back inside the urinals. Now you’ll grab your red microfiber cloth and while holding over the trash can receptacle on your cart, spray the cloth with disinfectant. Start with the flush handles and pipes, then work your way down the outside of the urinal, including the back wall behind and around the area. Next you’ll move on to the toilet area. Apply a generous amount of cream cleanser to your green scratchpad. Toilets should be flushed three times to ensure they are fully rinsed. On the third flush, when the water is at its lowest, use your green scratch pad with a generous amount of cream cleanser to scour the inside of the bowl. Start under the rim and scrub all around the inside and down into the drain hole. Flush and use the green scratch pad to help rinse the bowl. Be sure to hold the scratch pad tightly so it doesn’t get flushed down! After the bowls are cleaned, spray the red microfiber cloth with disinfectant. Start by wiping any handrails, then wipe the flush handle and pipes, and then the back wall behind Down the outside of the toilet. When finished, leave the toilet seat in the upright position for inspection, then place the red cloth into the laundry bag. You can now disinfect your janitor’s gloves. Holding your hands over the trash receptacle on the cart, spray one glove completely with disinfectant then the other glove, until they are completely saturated. Rub your hands together all over and in between the fingers. By disinfecting the outside of the gloves, it helps ensure no cross contamination when you use the gloves again. To remove your gloves, pull at the fingertips of one glove to slide if off your hand, then do the same for the other hand, careful to not remove your disposable gloves. To help keep your gloves together, place them next to each other and roll the cuff of one glove over the other then place in the container on your cart. Yellow janitor gloves can be used many times, but if you see a tear or hole you should replace them with a new pair as they are not protective in that condition. Next you will remove the trash. Tie the top of the trash liner, lift it out, and place it in the trash receptacle on your cart. Liners must always be replaced in a restroom, even if there is nothing inside. Apply a new liner, making sure it’s snug around the rim and the bottom is resting on the bottom of the container. Be sure to put the trash can back in the same location where you found it. At this time, you’ll want to inspect the area for the work you’ve done so far. Start at the entry door and make your way around the room in a circle, checking for any areas you may have missed. Look for things like spots on the mirrors, hairs in the sink, debris on the floor, and fingerprints on stall doors. Be sure to inspect with both your eyes and nose! Areas can look clean, but if they don’t smell clean, then the area is not clean. The lasts step in the cleaning process is to mop the floor using the approved mopping system and green mop head, which is for restrooms only. Begin mopping at the entry door, starting behind the door so that area is not forgotten. Similar to dusting, you’ll go around the edges of the floor first. You’ll them mop the entire area using a figure-eight pattern, starting at the back of the room and walking backwards towards the entry door. As you are mopping, the mop should always be in front of you and you should not be walking on any wet area; it is unsafe and you will also leave footprints. When finished, remove the mop head and place in the laundry bag. After exiting the room, place the caution wet floor sign in the middle of the doorway. Now you can remove your disposable gloves. Grab the edge of the glove and peel down to turn the glove inside out. Once removed, hold that glove in your other hand. Slide your fingers under the other glove and peel down, turning the glove inside out, over top of the glove in your hand. Toss the disposable gloves in the trash on your cart. Now that your gloves are off, you can also remove your safety glasses. Finally, after cleaning a restroom you must wash your hands thoroughly. Please do not use the sink in the restroom you just cleaned because it needs to be ready for inspection. Hands should be washed with plenty of soap and warm water. Scrub for at least 20 seconds and be sure to get up past your wrists, between your fingers, and under your fingernails. Good hand washing is the best defense against germs, bacteria, and illness! It will take the floors a bit to dry, so you can move on to your next project while you wait. After some time has passed, go back inside the restroom and check to see if the floors are completely dry. When it is ready, the sign can be removed and the restroom reopened. A restroom may account for a small area of the building, but it can be a large concentration of germs and bacteria. Your work in keeping the area clean can make a big impact on customers and is essential to maintaining a clean and safe environment. Each building is unique,

  Top Comments:
  1. @cdelize [678 likes]: cleaning is my passion. i know it's weird but i prefer it over any 9 to 5 job any day. it's therapeutic even though it pays less. sadly, people tend to disregard the importance of this job :(
  2. @jakcarn4184 [532 likes]: Good thing about cleaning job is you can work at your own pace their is no pressure like driving or factory job. The boss lets you get on with it so long as you complete the tasks. I started yesterday as a full time cleaner I was nervous due to stress from previous different type jobs but he made it clear that don't expect to rush it and get in to my own routine
  3. @pauli2021 [141 likes]: I once did a cleaning job at a huge department store,it’s really a very peaceful work and I fell in love with it..Even though I’ve worked at a few other things;I always thought that cleaning is one of the things that I’m best at..
  4. @Ripanoxx413 [71 likes]: i am ganna start doing this kind of job somtime next week idk what anyone says i love this kind of job . i worked for amazon as a driver and that was crazy hard work . you have to work 11 hour days 5 days a week in the 101 degree heat and rain snow ice below 0 temps 200 pluse stops . this will be so much better and i get the same pay . sorry but cleaning wins this one lol
  5. @donaldwood7449 [60 likes]: You forgot to blast country music and jingle your keys loudly the entire time
  6. @kjvwarrior777 [42 likes]: I own a janitorial service for 25 years,  the best cleaners, are neat organized people,  as for others......... it's just a job. How you clean also depends on the products and equipment you're using, and just like every other industry,  lots of equipment is just cheap gizmo junk......... so do your homework.
  7. @WestValleyTransparency [31 likes]: This is the nicest bathroom, especially before cleaning
  8. @jackjamison2353 [19 likes]: Great step by step instructions. I actually caught a few item I was performing out of sequence and when they explained why each step was completed in a specific order it all made prefect sense.  I am now able to perform my job more effectively with greater results.
  9. @michaelpolakjr8120 [18 likes]: This is  good for  people  that went to know  about  cleaneing
  10. @conitorres9774 [17 likes]: Well, the cleaners in the building I worked at apparently never saw this video or any other. The bathroom had more dust on  door than a Halloween haunted house.
  11. @kurta60000 [14 likes]: This is super thorough. I love it. I like this work but the vacuuming!!!! Jeez!! I think every night I would do like 5 or 6 miles so many cubicles and hallways haha.
  12. @alienc [14 likes]: Company I work for needs to make some videos like this.. we have task guides like printed out instructions but you can only learn so much from paper plus it doesnt cover every and all scenarios
  13. @edingejulien5239 [13 likes]: Before entering a restroom knock doors see  if anyone  inside  also make sure you have enough  supplies before  began cleaning
  14. @jasonarcher7605 [12 likes]: Been one for eleven  years more to it than people think  weed eating mowing waxing floors all games  band festivals lot of cleaning up after people
  15. @stevebost8048 [10 likes]: A microfiber cloth hell I work for the Salisbury school system we get cut up hospital gowns
  16. @alienc [8 likes]: The replacing the bin liner part made me cringe.. that liner is gonna fall in if it gets a lot of weight in it need to pull the bin liner a bit more over the side to compensate for heavy sinking it in. Just my two cents
  17. @prestonrodriguez8300 [6 likes]: Guess I was doing my job wrong I used to never wipe the stale door
  18. @里克-v2w [4 likes]: I love it 😘😍
  19. @lontha8052 [2 likes]: Very nice….
  20. @pallabghosh8411 [1 likes]: Superb

- ADS659 VIDEO DOCUMENTARY | WATER POLLUTION AND ACCESS TO CLEAN WATER (GROUP 1 AM2383C): Kind: captions Language: en Premise industry. [music] Yeah. water pollution and safe drinking water continue to be the most crucial environmental health challenges in Malaysia. As practically all the river in the area are used for raw water supply and agriculture production as well as local people livelihoods. The Department of Environment, DOE, regularly runs the river watching program all over the country. And in the latest report, the DOE stated that they have monitor over 672 major rivers and classify the river according to their status with the health of the water quality index WQI. The WQI indicated the suitability for users such as drinking, fisheries, and recreation. Water pollution in Malaysia is a multicurial phenomenon having severely impacted the health of the rivers with the industrial and public waste which are point sources discharged that are untreated or inadequately treated. Diffuse agricultural runoff fertilizer, insecticide from plantation including palm oil, sentimentation from land clearing and lodging and solid waste and mining contamination. The following are the example of place that have water pollution. Water is the lifeblood of Malaysia, sustaining our [music] ecosystems, our economy, and our homes. But today, the lifeblood [music] is under pressure. Rivers that once nourish entire communities are now struggling against a tide of waste, chemicals, and [music] neglect. The sources of pollution are complex and overlapping in [music] our industrial zones. Inadequate treatment at manufacturing sites and palm oil mills [music] often discharge toxic compounds and organic lots [music] into our brains. In our growing cities, sewage [music] system are struggling to keep pace. When treatment capacity [music] lags behind urban spraw, our rivers become the recipients of [music] municipal waste. From illegal hazardous dumping to the silent rise of microplastics, the cocktail of pollutants in our water has reached a breaking point, frequently forcing massive water shutdowns that leave hundreds of thousand in the dark. But the threat is not just chemical, it is physical. As we clear forest for logging and development, we strip away the earth nature [music] filter. Without roots to hold the ground, rain washes loose soil into our streams, which is a process called sedimentation. This murky water does more [music] than just look dirty. It smoother aquatic life kill fish eggs [music] and blocks the sunlight needed for underwater plants to breath. Over time this sediment raise river beds increasing the risk of flesh flood and choking [music] the capacity of our battle dams and reservoid. When chemical pollutants mix with agriculture runoff and [music] heavy sediment, the impact is amplified. We are not just losing water quality. We are losing our resilience. Protecting our fresh water is no longer just an environmental goal. It is a necessity for our survival. It is time to secure the flow [music] of Malaysia's future. Other than that, water pollution has served environmental health and economic impact from an environmental perspective. pollute river experience nutrient over overloading and chemical [music] contamination. This condition reduce the soft oxygen level trigger alga blooms and cause fish skill leading [music] to loss of biodiversity and damage to river and mangro ecosystem in term of health. Contaminate [music] water increase the risk of waterborn disease especially [music] after the fruits or pollution in incident. Communities [music] relying on river water are particularly vulnerable to illness [music] caused by pollute catchment. Economically, water pollution disrupt fishes, increase water treatment cost and negatively effect tourism. In Malaysia, several pollution incident have result in unsecure water supply cut affecting hundred of thousand of people [music] demonstrating the direct social and economic consequences of poor water [music] quality. Lastly, Malaysia has implement [music] policy and monitoring program to address water pollution. But challenges remain. [music] The department of environment spread a river water quality monitoring program and [music] use the water quality index to assess river health. While [music] some river have shown improvement other remain heavily pollute due [music] to industrial and urban pressure. Recent action including suspending polluting industry [music] conducting target clean up operation and increase investment in sur west infrastructure as well also emphasize [music] the need for stronger law enforcement greater transparency [music] inclusion data and active community involvement in protecting river [music] catchment In conclusion, water pollution in Malaysia [music] is caused by a com combination of deforestation, industrial activity, agricultural runoff [music] and weak face management. Its impact [music] are environmental health rel and economic. [music] However, with a strong cooperation between the government, industry [music] and communities, nature has the potential to restore river health and ensure [music] a clean water for future generation. So for the first one is [music] to strengthen the enforcement and monitoring of the environmental laws. So as we know in Malaysia there are wellestablished regulation such as environmental quality act 1974 [music] and the national water resources policy and WRP. But then we see that [music] this law are often depending on the persistent enforcement. This is [music] why there are many pollution cases go unnoticed or unpunished due to a limited manpower and monitoring [music] resources. Use of modern tool like a realtime water quality is important. Why to monitoring the system with a digital sensor? So for the second suggestion is our government needs to promote green technology and sustainable industrial practices. This [music] industry can play a major role in water pollution but they [music] can also be the part of the solution. Their role are very vital because they can encouraging company to use cleaner production methods install effective waste water treatment [music] system and switch it to the echofriendly material. So the third suggestion is our government can enhance waste management and reduce [music] plastic pollution. To address this method they they can make the local authorities to expand [music] waste segration and do a recycling programs to make their them are more accessible and efficient. >> [music] >> This is why our government needs to do a public education campaign which can help to change the mindset of our citizen by teaching them to realize how important of weing the single [music] use plastic and the impact of littering on water ecosystem. Last but not least, the fourth [music] suggestion is empowering local communities and strengthening public participation. This is because government cannot stand up by their own only to solve this issue if the publics remain passive. This [music] is also why community based programs such as river adoption scheme, local cleanup drive and rent, water harvesting projects can inspire [music] citizen to take ownership of their environment and also they can include school NGO and youth groups to [music] play an important role by uh organizing environmental workshop to teach [music] them how to do the water conservation and polish. prevention. One key lesson learned is that [music] weak enforcement lead to environmental degradation. Even though Malaysia [music] has comprehensive laws such as the Environmental Quality Act 1974, its effectiveness is [music] frequently undermined by inconsistent enforcement. The adoption of real-time [music] monitoring technologies, stronger sanctions, and routine inspections [music] can all significantly improve industry and local government compliance. Therefore, enhancing [music] enforcement agencies capabilities is essentials to preserving environmental integrity. The next [music] lesson learned is that the importance of adopting sustainable industrial practice and green technologies into the national development plan. Industries may minimize their environmental impact without sacrifying output by implementing effective wastewater treatment system [music] and greener industrial techniques. Business may be encouraged to invest in environmentally friendly technologies by government incentives [music] such as tax credit and grants. The third lesson learned is poor waste management is a [music] major contribution to water pollution. Malaysia's rivers and aquatic [music] ecosystem are still in danger due to improper garbage disposal and plastic [music] pollution. Pollution can be greatly decreased by increasing recycling initiative, upholding anti-dumping regulations, and [music] encouraging appropriate trash disposal. Public education [music] about the effect of pollution promotes increased environmental responsibilities [music] and awareness. The last lesson is that long and term environmental protection [music] depends on enhancing public engagement and empowering local communities. Without citizen active participation, government efforts cannot be successful on their own. A sense of ownership and responsibilities can be developed through community based initiatives [music] such as environmental workshop, water conservation project and river cleans up. At the local level, schools, [music] NGOs and youth organizations are crucial in advancing these ideals. To conclude, Malaysia path towards sustainable [music] environmental management requires a multi-phase approach that [music] combines firm loration enforcement, sustainable industrial innovation, effective [music] public education, and active community involvement. Laws and policies [music] alone cannot ensure environmental integrity without concern implementation and public cooperation. By promoting [music] green technologies, responsible waste practice and community participation, Malaysia can foster a culture of shared responsibilities for [music] environmental stewardship. With this this collective effort not only [music] safeguard national resources but also support the nation vision of sustainable and resilient development for future generations. That's all from us. Thank you.

- Cleaning business mistakes you MUST AVOID ❌: Kind: captions Language: en I see so many cleaning business owners leaving tens if not hundreds of thousands of dollars on the table and it's by making three very critical but very common mistakes in this video I'm going to break them down so you avoid them and if you're making any of these mistakes right now I'll teach you how to fix them which will lead to a way more profitable cleaning business and a much better lifestyle for you so let's go mistake number one taking every client I know this can be tempting especially for new cleaning business owners but trust me it's a bad idea in your business you should have an ideal client profile meaning what characteristics make up your perfect client for example when I was doing luxury residential my ideal client profile was this someone who works in a lucrative industry like accountants lawyers nurses or doctors or ones who own their own successful business or ones who have a comfortable retirement and they have to want regular cleanings at least twice a month and no less but but preferably weekly this means a few things first they will value my hard work and show appreciation for what I do because they worked hard to get where they are second they will likely respect me because they no doubt have the respect of others in their field and third it means that they have the money to pay me what I deserve and as for the regularity it means I'll be able to maintain the home long term this makes them a client with a high lifetime value now that I only do commercial this is my profile professional businesses with minimal customer traffic places like insurance agencies accountants Law Offices Banks government buildings and some doctor's offices I stay away from retail stores gyms and places that are high traffic since they are always dirtier they also need to only be open during the day which makes it easier for me to sub out and I want commercial clients needing at least three cleanings per week no less this brings in consistent income and makes for much easier cleanings with your profile defined it is much easier to know which potential new clients to focus on and if you find yourself with clients that don't fit your profile then work to find others to replace them and when the time comes don't be afraid to let them go mistake number two under bidding this usually comes down to a lack of communication most often in defining a client's expectations do they want good enough or Perfection do they have a list of tasks for you why are they unhappy with their current provider if it's a repeat customer like a weekly residential client or a daily commercial one then put in the work to document exactly what services they are requesting otherwise you run the risk of them saying things like I thought you were going to clean the windows or we expected you to clean the patio this leads to awkward conversations which can leave you feeling the need to do more work for free so make sure you communicate well and document everything another Factor leading to under bidding is not seeing the job first and it's for this reason I recommend bidding in person especially when they will be a repeat customer now the day might come where you can give rough estimates over the phone especially if you're doing a lot of one-time cleanings but if your ideal client is a repeat customer with a high lifetime value then set up a meeting here's why I have a 50,000 ft building that requires 3 hours of Labor a day but I also have a 25,000 ft building that requires 2 hours a day it's half the square footage but not half the time and this is because the task list is very different from building to building if I had quoted it over the phone based on square footage alone I would have underbid it instead I walk the property to understand their expectations and this allowed me to ask lots of questions bid the job correctly and win the contract if you have clients right now that you under bid what can you do remember that price increases are a normal part of business so when the time is right have a conversation with the client and see what adjustments you can make sometimes that will be an increase to what you're charging and other times times it will be a decrease to the workload either way it will fix the situation and mistake number three a flawed marketing strategy there are a lot of marketing tactics that absolutely have value but there are many others that don't leaving you zero return on your investment for instance most cleaning businesses don't need uniforms don't need branded Vehicles don't need paid advertising and don't even need a website some do but most don't and this leaves cleaning business owners spending loads of money they don't need to which in turn means less take-home pay the other kind of flawed marketing I see is sloppy marketing usually on websites when I look at my coaching students site we identify the things that will drive clients away here are the common ones no personalization allowing clients to get a sense of what the business is all about confusing bidding calculators spelling errors stock photos that don't represent your area and Market annoying popups and a big one no easy way to contact the business when someone lands on your website they are immediately looking for reasons to not trust you so make sure your website and all of your marketing is building instant trust and if it's not or you're not sure then have a friend or family member give you feedback or if you're in my coaching program we'd be happy to help you and one more bonus mistake not being professional the biggest complaint I hear about other cleaning providers is bad communication so I'll keep this one brief but it is amazing how much money you can make by simply answering the phone or when you can't answer by returning missed calls in a timely manner and when you do communicate keep it simple be respectful listen carefully and follow up on outstanding questions as fast as possible if you do you are sending the message that you take your business seriously and that's all that most clients are looking for well if you avoid these mistakes then do you know what becomes possible your business will become so much more profitable and more enjoyable to run and soon enough you'll be looking to expand to learn how to do that the right way then check out this video next what is on my [Music] lens

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheProfessionalCleaner [6 likes]: Work with me 🚀 https://www.theprofessionalcleaner.net/coaching?el=9mistakes&htrafficsource=youtube
  2. @kuweebwadenis [5 likes]: You're a gem, mum! I'm getting out of my comfort zone and hitting the streets, got to make it!
  3. @esperanza4317 [3 likes]: Hi you mentioned that a website is not needed ? so how do do people take you seriously without a website?
  4. @sandra1761 [2 likes]: How do you say no to clients respectfully if you decide to only work with certain types of clients?
  5. @fevighebrezghi6156 [2 likes]: Is your course applies in UK(London)
  6. @KatyziaB [1 likes]: Do you think cleaning businesses are worth it in 2025
  7. @SDOCORSOS [1 likes]: My wife and i just started how can we get in contact with you to get the coaching ???
  8. @CutlerCleaningSpecialists [1 likes]: How do you enter the coaching program?
  9. @YitWarrior [1 likes]: i totally bought tshirts today
  10. @mrvnhawkinssr [1 likes]: Thank you for your valuable time and advice. Just listening to you motivates me. You’re a blessing.
  11. @zohost420 [1 likes]: Im from india northeast can you suggest me an idea please. I am trying make a job gor youth
  12. @jerel2119 [1 likes]: Good information! I was wondering if you have videos on starting a remote cleaning business and residential versus commercial cleaning remotely?
  13. @mrs.mckenize [1 likes]: Very good video helpful tips
  14. @vishuchopra6018 [1 likes]: Why uniform, vehicle signs and website is not important? I think it's professional. Is there something I'm missing?
  15. @PreciousBeavers-gq7wh [1 likes]: I am going to start my own cleaning business please
  16. @cf-ry1zo: Do you feel that it’s necessary to add another phone line specifically for the business one first getting started
  17. @Annahernandez678: She is here to sell you her course, lol 😂😂
  18. @Annahernandez678: I dont agree on not having a website, uniform, and branding company vehicles -.-
  19. @drnarendrasingh626: You r great
  20. @mellymel9892: Wow You’re gorgeous

- Top 5 Hotel Cleaning Tips and Tricks that Keep Guest Satisfied: Kind: captions Language: en hotel guests are primarily concerned with the cleanliness of their room so we've made a list of hotel housekeeping top cleaning tips and tricks that will save you and your staff time and keep your guests satisfied the cleaning tips we offer have a new sop in mind hotel housekeeping has become more detailed in the age of coven 19 which has resulted in hotels developing a new sop standard of operation hotel housekeeping room cleaning can be more challenging because of the new cleaning sop in hotels but it does provide confidence and safety to guests simply because new techniques have been included doesn't mean that the steps cannot be included in speed cleaning adding in new techniques may simply mean developing a new cleaning routine without wasting valuable time this hotel cleaning video aims to provide you some of those tips and tricks to help you or your staff to comply with the new sop and still get the job done fast let's get to it hotel housekeeping top tips and tricks but first if you're enjoying this video please subscribe to the link below and smash that like button number one create a room cleaning checklist that is in the order in which the guest room will be clean identify additional covered 19 precautionary steps added to the new sop and include the steps on the checklist when the checklist is followed from beginning to end backtracking can be avoided and time will be saved that means work around the room once don't backtrack go around the room one time and you're finished except for the floor number two vacuum the room last and back out the door while doing it number three clean top to bottom cleaning top to bottom will prevent you from re-cleaning all of the dirt and dust that came from above number four carry the cleaning products and equipment with you so you can avoid making multiple trips across the room number five two hands are better than one use both hands while cleaning if one hand is still while the other is in use you are only using half of your workforce finish one area with one hand start on another area with the other hand when possible both hands should be cleaning or studying an object if you would like more cleaning tips or tricks or if you have hotel housekeeping cleaning tips of your own comment below for more tips on hospitality go to the link that is in the description below study and keep up to date

  Top Comments:
  1. @chad9017 [53 likes]: We all deserve better than this and housekeepers deserve a livable wage.
  2. @knittedpainting [28 likes]: This is all common sense and doesn't help you clean any faster
...
  3. @zz11aa22 [8 likes]: It's hard to hear the speaker because the music is too loud.
  4. @Gypsygirl731 [6 likes]: I noticed she slid the remotes over I spray them especially those with disenfectant.
  5. @chad9017 [5 likes]: Because that 7.00$ an hour is too much to waste. Stop Wassting Time housekeepers!!!
  6. @chad9017 [4 likes]: Oh of course that's the problem. Your SOP's. Not that you have one housekeeper per 50 rooms or so. Teach them how not to waste time. Vacuum last. Priceless...
  7. @marandamccain4185 [3 likes]: 30 minutes in an out weather it a king standard or double queen suite. We ain't wiping the inside of the phones and barely have time to vacuum. In fact most rooms dont get vacuumed. We will get wrote up if we are consistently over 30 min. Even if rooms are spotless with the extra time
  8. @SaltaKatten22 [3 likes]: I hope this is a joke, you can’t work in that 😂
  9. @RaevynL33 [2 likes]: I CANT HEAR YOU OVER THE BACKGROUND MUSIC....
  10. @Dewii-qo2ed [2 likes]: Very Great Tips
  11. @elijahganske2173 [1 likes]: 1:09 for the actual tips
  12. @eileenkung5839 [1 likes]: Bed bugs😂😂😂
  13. @chad9017 [1 likes]: I mean in some places not all places. But usually.
  14. @Natsworld9 [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips!
  15. @Dewii-qo2ed [1 likes]: Doing A Replay
  16. @dikshabatra7115 [1 likes]: What are the cleaning requirements for different types of hotels ka kya answer hoga sir pls isme bhi aap aek video banaa do pls sir and sir pls sir free hokar reply zaroor karna pls aap sit
  17. @andreaedge41ae: the background music is distracting cant hardly hear you
  18. @eileenkung5839: Hoarders live there
  19. @mrs.mckenize: Replay
  20. @chad9017: I gaurantee most places don't care about cleaning. Every place I move into in TX is filthy apartment or hotel. Finally I have enough money to put it off moving in for a day. I'm gonna tell em clean that sh-- up b 4 i move in. And after they supposedly do I'll bring them back their white towels now black with filth after about 10 minutes. And ask who owes who a damage deposit.

- 22 Expert Cleaning Tips That CHANGE THE GAME!!: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back to my channel So today we're Consulting with the experts the professionals the housekeepers the people who do this for a living and have the best tips and hacks so these first few tips come from Melissa maker and she has her own cleaning company so she's all about efficiency this is an approach to cleaning any room using the three wave method so wave number one is where you do your decluttering and trash week so you go into the room wave one with a trash bag and a little basket so you can put any items that don't belong and you sweep through the room removing any trash and decluttering removing items that don't belong in that room you want to move around the room from left to right in a clockwise motion making sure you're getting every corner of the room so wave two is where you actually do your cleaning and dusting and you want to work your way around the room from top to bottom left to right in a circular pattern like a clock going around the room so the reason she says always top to bottom is because if you are dusting in the top your ceiling fans your blinds the dust is going to fall down so this maximizes efficiency so you don't have to go back and re-clean things later starting from left to right and going in a clockwise motion you only have to go over each space one time versus backtracking and moving randomly around the room having a system and knowing how you're moving around the room allows you to move more efficiently now as you're cleaning your item she's a big proponent of using an s-shaped cleaning motion so a lot of us go in circular motions so not only is that redistributing the dirt and the dust it's also going to lead to streaks so an s-shaped cleaning motion is more hygienic you won't miss a spot there is no streaking and it's efficient so think about it as a zigzag pattern so start at your top right move all the way to the left and then move your way down like you're making little s's all along the surface and then wave three are the floors and you want to start with the corner that is the opposite end of the entry point so you are backing your way out of the room you're cleaning your way out of the room that way just like with cleaning from top to bottom you don't have to go back and re-clean areas that you've already cleaned now for cleaning the floors this is Melissa's DIY floor cleaning solution that I tried I love it it is great it's not sticky and you can make it using things that you probably already have at home so you want to start with two cups of warm water add a quarter cup of distilled white vinegar and half a teaspoon of dish soap mix that all together and it's as simple as that you can clean your hardwood vinyl laminate tile all types of floors with this solution and I also saw from the housekeeper she showed this mop versus the Swiffer and the reason why is it's a lot longer it's almost twice as long as the Swiffer so I'm able to cover twice the amount of surface area in the same amount of time so it saves me time it has the great swivel and also best feature is you can add your own cleaning solution to it Swiffer they try to lock you in you have to use their solution which I do not like at all and a little tip that I like to do is first wet your mop head get it nice and damp wring it out and then put it on top it will just Glide a lot better and smoother over your floors other little pro hack here who remembers the wall cleaning brush that I shared is like so crazy viral over on Tick Tock well you could actually use your mop to clean your walls our walls are always getting crazy dirty because of my kids and their little hand prints so you can not only use this mop on the floors you could use it to clean your walls also if you're cleaning your walls these Magic Eraser sheets are magical they come in these little single-use sheets they're a lot easier to maneuver into little cracks I just find that they don't take the paint off my wall and I prefer them to the Regular Magic Eraser sponge so good little spring cleaning thing to do is use these go around your baseboards your walls and your doors now the professionals the experts one thing that they do that we're not doing are the little finishing touches that really just bring it all together and one really easy one that packs a punch is your toilet paper rolls having the nice little fold the corner fold is the most simple but what I like to do is a corner fold then turn your faucet on and off and then take your toilet paper roll press it into the faucet and it will give a nice little stamp a nice little ring this looks so nice in your guest bathroom with your extra toilet paper rolls that are just you know sitting out there now they look Chic they look like you really put in the effort and it takes seconds another little Finishing Touch is instead of just folding your towel you could do the spa towel fold where you actually roll and Tuck I will show you a little tutorial so to do your spa towel fold I like to do this on the kitchen counter you want to lay your towel flat and then take one corner and fold it over like so then take the remaining and fold that over now you want to take the entire towel flip it and then all you have to do is roll it up there'll be a little tab at the end that you just tuck in and that is it other little Finishing Touch element is that your home is not fully clean and complete unless it also smells nice so I get the sun towel going santal Escape is my new favorite and love affair so whatever you like to diffuse even your essential oils or get a candle going finish with fragrance and so not only will it look clean but your home will smell clean now some expert tips for cleaning the bathroom specifically a lot of these come from Vanessa Amaro from Tick Tock save your back get a scrubber and I can attest to this for cleaning your tub your shower so you don't have to punch over get in the tub like that was my least favorite thing you can do it standing and not have to hurt your back so this is an essential cleaning tool that just makes your life easier another thing Vanessa pointed out in the shower that so many people never think to clean myself included I had never cleaned this but there is a water guard on the bottom of your shower that you're supposed to remove and clean periodic she recommends just to clean this with an old toothbrush get in there clean it off rinse it off and put it right back because that thing can get pretty nasty and mildewy again from Vanessa she loves the dawn power wash I love this for cleaning my dishes it just cleans so much better the only downside with this is that it's expensive to refill it's more expensive to refill so she actually figured out that you don't actually have to buy a dawn power wash refills really what you need is just to buy it one time and you need this mechanism and then you just add in warm water your regular Dawn dish liquid that you can buy in bulk shake it up and it will still work and be the same thing this does work better for cleaning dishes like this combo right here is the elite combo big cleaning hack that a lot of us regular people don't know and don't do but all the professionals know to do and that is let your cleaning products sit especially in your bathroom and if product is a disinfectant it takes between five to ten minutes for it to fully penetrate and work and kill all of those germs so don't just spray and wipe spray walk away then come back now in terms of cleaning products most of the experts that I follow recommend to simplify your routine simplify your products because a lot of cleaning products they're just marketing they're just designed to get you to spend a whole lot of money that you don't need to so for me I pretty much just use my DIY floor cleaner and then my all-purpose cleaner I use the blue Land one if you don't have a cleaning caddy they have the handheld one but having your supplies with you in the room and bringing that around with you room by room is just going to save you a lot of time and then in terms of cleaning cloths the upgrade the hack here switch to these to the Swedish dishcloths instead of your microfiber cloth there is no lint they are more hygienic and my favorite favorite cleaning tip this is a game changer so instead of having to go through literally like 25 different microfiber cloths all you have to do go to your sink use your dish soap clean it off rinse it out and continue cleaning so as you're cleaning your countertops your kitchen doing your dusting you can cut the amount of cloths you're going through so these are my favorite ever these are my own brand that's how much I love them I wanted to come out with them myself we did restock the pretty prints I have talked for years about how smart it is to have a dedicated bit in your closet for donations because as you're trying on clothes and it doesn't fit right you don't love it that's the time you can just easily put it in your donation bin once it gets full you donate it right well the second bin you should put in your closet is a need to put back then so these are the clothes that maybe you tried on you're in a rush you don't have time to put it back or maybe it's a jacket that you wore one time it doesn't need to be washed it just needs to be put back so instead of it being on your floor has a dedicated space and then when you have time you can go put those items back so those are my favorite little tips and tricks that I have learned from the cleaning experts that I actually use and have changed the game for me so I hope you enjoy them as well if you are new here again and don't forget to subscribe follow me for more videos like this in the future and with all that said I will see you soon with a new video bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @vasseurbeauty [42 likes]: Another new video!🙌🏼🙌🏼 I posted a morning routine / spring cleaning vlog on Sunday in case you missed it you can watch here https://urlgeni.us/youtube/RLva & everything shown in this video can be found here!! https://urlgeni.us/amazon/cleaningfavorites
  2. @autumnlange1220 [1 likes]: Loved all of them. I was a former house cleaner for 17 years. Spot on with everything 😊
  3. @99nein [1 likes]: Very cool that you pointed out alternatives to cleaning products. It's crazy how far you can get with some warm water, vinegar and basic soap. A lot of specialized products seem like overkill for a standard weekly cleaning. Grandma really knew best...
  4. @dbfusu3: Warm water to clean floors? Oh girl u lost me. I bet ur house is infested with germs 😷
  5. @SmileyTheSmile: RIP that poor kid's Legos.
  6. @DanaSaldate: super, thanks
  7. @SabrinaGalbraith: That's right on point
  8. @GeorgiHope: Thank You so much! It's gonna change my life, our lives. Just have to do as You did...
  9. @jbrunasa: This video is golden!
  10. @Cadlan-y2b: How do you let your hair glow is this also possible to do with a short haircut for men?
  11. @KristiWilliams-e9b: I think these tips are awesome! Love this. Thanks! ❤
  12. @Sammy_cleaning: Wow, so impressive, I offer a professional cleaning and fumigation service and Abuja Nigeria and his environ,we can job anywhere in the world 
@audience
  13. @astronautfarm: I used a magic eraser to get out marks on my walls and it end up rubbing layers of paint off my wall so be very careful. Magic Eraser is very fine sandpaper
  14. @HWL_tech_mods: Great mix of rhythm and melody  this track really sticks with you!
  15. @Goldfish1968: Spin mop
  16. @omban1861: You look fabulous
  17. @taniacanciosunol6408: I’ve been using Swedish dishcloths and I’m obsessed! 😍 Super absorbent, quick drying, reusable, and no funky smell. Honestly, a total must have for the kitchen!
  18. @lindacisneros9699: How do I clean walls? My bathroom walls are dirty, we keep the window open all the time and I can see dirt. I tried scrubbing but it made things worse, please tell me how to clean bathroom walls.
  19. @seanajones619: I like the toilet paper decoration. That one’s new to me.
  20. @latoyamatson6197: I use dawn soap when im cleaning a person walls. It takes off dirt and odors. Leaves the paint on and is a faster clean.

- Heading Up the Housekeeping Department at Waldorf Astoria: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi guys greetings from Dubai today we're on the famous pal Island to interview the executive housekeeper of the waler Pastoria let's find out more about this profession come with me I started as a front office agent and I became a front office manager over the years so it was front office was really my passion and it was my background and front office you have a huge relationship with housekeeping and you have to work hand hand inand so I understood the front office side of it uh allocating rooms and guest requests and you know translating it to to housekeeping and then having it accomplished just so you can create that wow experience for a guest the first time they walk into your hotel and they check in but for me I wanted to understand the the flip side of the coin okay I understand you know what I'm saying and I'm understanding that it gets done at the end of the day but the how it gets done I I was quite curious about so um I really only wanted to do it for maybe about a year to really gain the experience and then come back but then once I went there you know with such a huge team and so many moving parts that you have and the coordination that you need to really master in order to get things accomplished it was it was amazing so I decided to stay and so what does a typical day look like for you it's coming in by around 8:00 I attend our executive meeting um with all of the executives in the hotel at about 8:30 after that meeting I'll take all of the information that was discussed my supervisors and my assistant managers and we'll uh go ahead and discuss you know because they're br Bren down by floors so who's taking care of which guest and what needs to be done um so we'll discuss that they'll go up on the floor and then I'll check with my coordinators as well as my laundry team just to make sure we have enough linen I'll do walks of the rooms the public areas just to make sure the quality is up to par and everything is being consistent throughout the entire Hotel I'll also walk the employee facing areas their pantries and whatnot just to make sure everything's organized and then I'll come down making sure that you know the rooms that are actually vacant are being cleaned in a um specific time frame because um we clean throughout the entire day our stayovers as well as our checkouts um then I'll start with my administrative duties contacting suppliers and different contractual um people that we deal with just to make sure whatever I've ordered is actually coming um samples that I need to look at is coming in as well and um just make sure that the operations go smoothly how's your team instructor I'm the executive housekeeper under me there are two housekeeping managers one assistant manager um two administrative assistants three coordinators nine supervisors 52 room attendants 16 public area and a store person and who do you report to I report to the director of operations what's the most challenging part of your job I would say sometimes the relationship between suppliers and myself I'm a very timely person I like to be on time if I have a meeting or I have a delivery it needs to come uh at the promised time and uh here it just seems a little bit more relaxed where you know something a meeting or whatnot could be delayed for an hour or a day and it's okay so uh that that gets uh sometimes a little bit under my nerves and you have to push push push but um yeah that's the only challenging part really so you actually worked in the pre-opening of the hotel I did uh can you tell us more about this experience what was the most challenging part um well you always face challenges I think when you're trying to build something from the ground up you start off with with nothing and you're hand selecting your employees and your different Sops that you want to implement you're you're making it and you know uh uh you'll do role plays with the few employees that you actually have on board at the time so it's quite interesting to really being able to build a department from the ground up and choosing um you know how you exactly want things to be and what type of different procedures that your employees have to follow um how do you want them to punch in and out how will the attendance be done how will you be ordering when do you order how much will you order so you're really just um shaping and molding your entire department so in your opinion what are the most important skills to have in order to be a good executive housekeeper um you definitely need to have patience because you're dealing with so many different employees um uh and team members that learn a different Paces that react to um to different things uh so you really need to understand them you need to take the time as well to handle each situation properly and even if uh you need to repeat the same thing over and over you know you need to make sure that you're you're doing it with a subtlety and making sure that you're listening to them and really understanding how they understand so you can better communicate

  Top Comments:
  1. @kari76g [9 likes]: I thought the one lady was a bobble head lol, and I bet she never cleaned rooms I hate people like that who dont know what its fully like then they expect you to clean a room in 30 minutes
  2. @ljiljagutic4217 [7 likes]: Thank you for sharing your experience.  It's nice to see that in the world housekeeping job is  the same: hard work, responsibility , a good leader ...
  3. @isabelarosemena9868 [3 likes]: What a leader, I love her spirit 🎉😊
  4. @apextashkent5237 [3 likes]: Look at overall scores 1:54. This is failing hotel based on Hilton Standards. Overall service in Jan 68.6 😞 and this is five star hotel, pretty sad. Are you really reviewing this interview @hilton, #waldorf # Hiltonhotels
  5. @jarujansongsakul8066 [3 likes]: awesome and can be inspired to young people
  6. @abebechanie5868 [2 likes]: I am very happy  to watching  this .  How couid i get the  exact  job opportunity  there?  Can i get a tual contact ?
  7. @vindyaratnavibhushana8727 [1 likes]: Great motivational session for all young hoteliers emphasising on the Importance of the Housekeeping Department which is sometimes overlooked by many. Thank you.
  8. @altioremknowledge [1 likes]: She is beautiful
  9. @nasilimwelisselo2067 [1 likes]: Am senior housekeeper,  the job of the housekeeping supervisor is the same in all section of a company, be in a hotel, presidential houses, offices and public arsas. Just making sure every thing is put in an ordinary manner, the place is very clean to standards, no complaints in the plumbing, electrical section so that people using those facilities areas are happy.
  10. @dhisyangmangayan5380 [1 likes]: iam working smana hotel al raffa dubai, UAE
  11. @shertazhossainkhan6049: Excellent delivery 👌👌💚💚
  12. @zenzeleluckymtshali8433: good  morning..are  my duty today what has happened and who to report to the situation..yes a call to head office
  13. @GinaNalaza: Mam how to apply
  14. @biancapatru4977: https://youtube.com/shorts/qATn7As4aVg?feature=share
  15. @howbecomemilionaire: Theres something on hers right shoulder that is not cool
  16. @charlesloh612: Thank you sharing also I working in Genting Resort Malaysia Guest Service Trainee Manager also in office Front first leearning training 3days can working at staff only
  17. @datostanley8915: My first sister Evelyn Loh working at Genting Maxim Asistant Manager also she age 36 years old 1985 was born years me age 30 years old 1991 also
  18. @ayubaalim2201: rules of efficiency.............my DREAMS from Somalia
  19. @hotelvitae5801: https://youtu.be/CQ8nE5MyMeE
  20. @nupurhawladar9220: 7602663060

- Family Returning Home Shocked to Find Their House Cleaned: Kind: captions Language: en this guy runs a cleaning service called the cleaning fairy he'll have your home spotless dusting and cleaning he even does the dishes the other day 27 year old louis angelino was hired to clean a friend's apartment in south jersey he was told he'd find the key under the mat so far so good two and a half hours later place is then the friend reached out to louie with a perplexing question are you here did you come clean today and i was like yeah i came and cleaned like i'm sitting in your living room right now um your cat's on my lap i'm playing with your cat uh louie i was like yeah he's like i don't have a cat yep louie had just spent a lot of elbow grease cleaning the wrong apartment this apartment was 277 you were in 22 27 yes and you had already finished cleaning the entire place exactly just so happens both places had keys under the mat this is the apartment louis mistakenly cleaned the homeowner was so shocked he took this video when he came home and saw the place in pristine condition the couch is all put together everything's shining look how immaculate the living room the bedroom every room and there's nothing in the sink it was beth motzel's husband who shot the video so he said you're not gonna believe this i said what he said somebody broke in and cleaned our apartment the cleaning fairy had his work cut out for him at beth's place it was filthy the dust from renovating you really can't make this stuff up but here we are [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Deepee_wh [1 likes]: Hopefully he got paid for that 😂
  2. @Ph0n3m [1 likes]: Bro’s got a dragon ball and one piece tattoo 🔥
  3. @kenmcleong8175 [1 likes]: Did he meet that couple after that?
  4. @tardguard7647: Great PR for the cleaning fairy. "Hell we will bust in anybody's house and make it spotless"
  5. @Vixenvixy: This isn’t the right video, original video is by inside edition. This user added clips of some other filthy house into the vid which wasn’t true.
  6. @Yugigab: Im pretty sure this is a sketch , not a real news
  7. @WomanVeteran: That would be a dream come true 😂
  8. @KH63Mc: talk about organized crime
  9. @tracym123: Owner of the other house should be thankful her house clean and give him some money for that hard work
  10. @GenesisNicole-k8k: This is not the correct video everybody they put in their own little clips like the person cleaning the floor that was not the right video go to channel Evans page or look up family shop to come home to a spotless apartment this person just chopped and screwed the whole video and made it seem like these people were dirty when they weren’t the house wasn’t that dirty it was not that disgusting and they didn’t show the house that he was supposed to clean so whoever made this video is downright disgusting
  11. @Georg3Nada: I hope they paid the dude
  12. @RichardDar-h6f: The  cleaning burglar. He breaks in and  rob you  of all your dirt and😂 garbage
  13. @tetrulz: Calling that muscular dude "the cleaning fairy" so cute!!! 😂😂
  14. @Hieroglyphics87: I mean he gave them a free trial maybe he get a monthly subscription out of them?
  15. @Rastaold: what happened after did the poor guy get his payment? or how did they settle this?
  16. @zhinningenge1754: Not the cleaning fairy 😂😂😂😂😂
  17. @finwwwfinwww4669: was he paid
  18. @hunkajunkcrafts: The Cleaning Fairy is such a perfect name 💅🏼
  19. @nicksantana93: Where’s the cat?
  20. @yikunobarnaby5759: "I don't have a cat"

It's like an M. Knight Shyamalan plot twist.

- Creating Standout Guest Experiences with Mark Lumpkin of STR Cribs: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to How We Grow, an essential playbook to grow and scale your vacation rental business with advice and insights from the best in the biz with your host Lenel Gordon. Welcome to the Vacation Rental Show. I'm Lenel Gordon, your host. And today we have Mark Lumpin and he is the sales director for STR Cribs and he helps people who have short term rentals to make them more profitable. He helps them grow successful short-term rental businesses nationwide. He has over a decade of experience in the industry and he is passionate about setting up properties that maximize the guest satisfaction, revenue, and like overall success of the product. He also co-hosts a podcast called the STR Investing Podcast where he talks about building profitable short-term rental portfolios. So, he's known for his focus on creating standout guest experiences by incorporating like innovative amenities into vacation rental properties, which he was just telling me about. So, welcome Mark. Thank you for being here. >> Yeah, thank you so much for having me on. That was probably my best introduction ever. I appreciate that. I hope you didn't hype me up too much, but I do appreciate that. And yeah, I really have got a passion for traveling and real estate, and I've kind of found my niche in short-term rentals years ago. And at STR Cribs, we're a licensed GC and we like to help folks, like you said, set up highly profitable short-term rentals in this market where it's very competitive and it's not the same short-term rental industry as it was 5 years ago where you could just throw a mattress and a hot plate in the house and charge a premium for it. The competition level has increased and there's more options for guests. And so we want to try to help people stay ahead of the curve and still make this a profitable venture for them. I think it's very interesting what you were talking about earlier when you were saying I'm in Dallas and it's very hot here and you were talking about you just helped set one up here in Dallas and you did a Dallas Cowboys theme. That was really interesting to me. So, is that a short-term rental? >> Yeah, it is. It's a property just outside Dallas. We're not quite done with it, but it is going to be a very niched property where it's sports themed. And so we've got a huge game room with golf simulators and basketball courts and movie featers and a bar. And we've got even seating from one of the original Dallas Cowboys stadium and murals. >> See, that was cool. I was like, what? I thought that was really cool. So, you do some really cool stuff for people who are looking to create specific revenue, increase their revenue for what they do. >> Yeah. Just unique experiences that stand out and can do better. Right? If you just set up a normal short-term rental and you don't market to anybody specifically, you are going to end up with pretty average results and you're always going to be competing with all of the properties around you. We try to help people set up a home that is unique and that has no competition where they're breaking the mold. They're setting their rates. They're attracting guests that want to come to their house as part of the vacation, not an afterthought. And so that's really what we've been focusing on for the last five years. >> So talk to me about some of the coolest things you've ever done. >> I would say it's usually around two things. One, themed houses and two, unique amenities. And so when I talk about themed houses, it's usually very specific to the guest avatar. So if we look at a market like Nashville, Tennessee, well, we all know that that's the bachelorette capital of the United States. That's really a great avatar to double down on. And so we've done some really cool pink themed, Taylor Swift themed, cowgirl themed, short-term rentals in that market that are very themed to that demographic of people who travel. Those have been really successful. Or looking at a market like Orlando, Florida, where you've got a lot of families traveling with kids. We've done some really cool Star Wars themed or Disney princess themed properties that do really, really well because they've got such a cool unique theme. So, I'd say that's one of the pieces that we focus on. The other one would be around the amenities. And so, that's once again market and property specific, but we just did an indoor pickle ball court, which I thought was one of the coolest things I'd seen, the first one in its market. And we've done uh couples retreats that have heated relaxing chairs, spas, saunas, hot tubs. They really create a very unique experience with their amenities. And so to me, those are the really the two funnest things that we've done is focused on the themes and then on the amenities. >> Do you follow up actually to look at the ROI and to look at how well the house does in rentals? >> Always. We always do. And if anything, our clients are actually ecstatic and they're reaching out to us telling us how well they've done. About 50 to 60% of our business is repeat and referral clients. So, we do a lot of multiple properties for the same investor. We've got one person that's on their fifth or sixth. We've got another lady that's on her 20th and then we've got another group that's on their hundth. And so as you build a relationship and you're doing more and more properties with people, they're sharing with you the revenue, what's working, what's not working. And so we do have a lot of firsthand data that other people don't have. And then I always really like to see that first 30 days as kind of a benchmark where we launched a property a few weeks ago and within I think 7 days they had 14 bookings on the calendar and they had already booked 60 grand in revenue in 7 days. So the proof is really there in the revenue and that's why we see investors do multiple properties over and over again. >> So tell me about some of the most profitable amenities that you help property owners with. >> I don't think that the first one is really a surprise to anybody listening. It's heads and beds. And so if we can take a property from a three-bedroom and turn it into a four or fivebedroom, we want to do that a couple ways. One, we want to make sure it's legal and it's permitted and it's safe. And that's our advantage of being a licensed GC is we can go do those things legally permitted and safe and taking something like a garage that might not be a used space and turning that into a permitted bedroom. That could take your three-bedroom to a fourbedroom, can take your eight guest count to a 12 guest count. Maybe we have a formal dining room that wouldn't really be used because there's another dining space. Maybe that could be our fifth bedroom and we could permit that and make it legal. Well, boom, now we have a five bedroomedroom that sleeps 16 versus a threebedroom that sleep eight. And so we doubled the guest count and we added two more bedrooms. That to me is immediate value ad, not just to the real estate, but especially to the revenue that the property will make. And I don't think anybody in the industry could ever argue that a fivebedroom will do better than a three-bedroom. It's pretty common knowledge. So to me, that's a big value ad. And then around the amenities specific, it's usually marketbased and then the client avatar-based. And so if I'm looking at a couple's cabin in Tennessee, well, like we mentioned earlier, the sauna, the hot tub, the massaging chairs, those type of things are really high ROI amenities. Or if I'm looking at a family property in Tampa, Florida, well, the kids playground, the swimming pool, the pickle ball court, those things are really high ROI amenities. So there's not necessarily a blanket answer to what amenities are best for your home. It's usually based on the market and who's going to come stay in your property. So, what is your favorite success story? >> So, about 80% of our business is setting up new short-term rentals, but we do do what we call pimp out your crib. If you remember that old TV show where they pimped out people's rides and they had exhibit or whatever that guy's name is, he was hilarious. It's a great show. Totally 2000s. But I think of it in the same way where we take struggling short-term rentals that have good bones and good opportunities and we come in and we pimp them out and we make them so much better. And then what's cool about that is you have historic data. So we can say the 12 months prior to what we did, you made $75,000 in revenue. The 12 months post what we did, you made 140,000 in revenue. So we doubled your revenue on this property. To me, those are some of my favorite success stories. And I can think of one off the top of my head that just finished its first year, first full year post our renovation. And that was my example. They actually about doubled their revenue. A place in Scottsdale. It had no theme. It had a huge backyard. It was right by a lot of golf courses. We doubled down on that. We went a golf themed property, bachelor themed, a poker room, game room in the garage, outdoor mini golf, putting a driving range in the backyard with a net. And we really made that the ultimate guys golf retreat. And the revenue speaks for itself. That property doubled in revenue in one year. And so to me, those are great success stories. How do you determine the ideal balance between luxury and practicality when you're selecting amenities for a short-term rental property? >> That's a great question. I don't think there's a perfect there's no black or white answer to that. It's very much dependent on the market again where if you are in a higherend market, maybe you're in Miami and you've got that property that really seeks to have and attract luxury clients, you might spend more money on the furniture and on things like that. and you might see an ROI on that. However, if you've got that property in Orlando that's got a lot of families and groups traveling with small kids, well, those luxury amenities not only are not going to give you much of an ROI, but they're just going to get damaged and ruined and fall apart. And so, you want to lean more into things that are more sturdy and that are easy to maintain. So, that really, really depends on the property. I would say as a general rule of thumb, most short-term rental investors want to stay away from those higher-end luxury items. They're more expensive. They cost a lot more to maintain, and they're higher likely to be damaged. I think you want to lean more into the things that are hospitality grade, are going to stand the test of time, and are easier to maintain. A hot tub, for instance. I'm at a short-term rental right now. I know they had to drain the hot tub before I got here. They had to clean it. They had to refill it. They had to retreat it. I know that was not an inexpensive thing to do. It probably took their cleaning crew at least an hour or two and that's consideration you have to think about if you have that type of amenity if the value added to the revenue is worth the extra expense. But if this place had a basketball court and a basketball hoop, that would have been a cool amenity for our kids and we would have probably taken advantage of that. It wouldn't have really cost them anything in maintenance. They had to provide a couple of pieces of equipment like some balls, but it wouldn't be something that they had to maintain on a regular basis. So, I really like people to think strategically between the pros and the cons and really weigh it holistically before they make a decision on what they're going to add to their property. >> What's the coolest thing you've ever done? Like for an oceanfront property? >> We're working on a rooftop deck in an oceanfront property that has a built-in bar, has swinging hammocks, has a little dance floor with disco lights, and that one's going to be really, really fun. My favorite thing to do with oceanfront properties is really any property that has a great view. If you're mountain top and you have a great view of the Smoky Mountains or if you're oceanfront, you have a great view, figure out things that will point people in the direction of their view. So if that's a hot tub, well great. That hot tub should be viewing the ocean and your photos should have a couple people sitting in the hot tub drinking a glass of wine enjoying the view of. So, I really think that amenities that double down on the view and get people to realize, oh my gosh, there's this amazing view and I'm going to be sitting around the fire pit that overlooks the Smoky Mountain roasting marshmallows with our family. What that amenity allows you to do is it allows you to bring up to the front of people's mind the fact that you have a great view. And I think a lot of properties miss that opportunity. They have a great view of their oceanside. They have a great view of the lake. They're overlooking the mountains, but they don't tell the story. And I think amenities can help you tell the story that you have this great location. >> So, we're talking about mistakes now. So, what are the most common mistakes you think that property owners make when they're trying to add amenities to their rentals? What can they do to avoid those mistakes? Yeah, I think that really the biggest mistake is stepping over dollars to pick up pennies where somebody might think, hey, I could save a few thousand by buying this very inexpensive hot tub on Wayfair versus buying a good quality hot tub that's going to last and you go, okay, well, what's the electricity cost of running that cheaper hot tub and d and what's the maintenance cost on it? And how long is it going to last? And what are you going to do when you have a guest who booked your property for thousands and thousands of dollars, the hot tub breaks, you've got to send a repair man in after hours to try to make it repairs. So, I think people forget to think about the big picture and they go to just save a few dollars and save a few days on the front end. That's the biggest mistake I've seen. And then the other one would be around not doing the things properly, not permitting your amenities and not doing things legally where you maybe do a garage conversion and you just had your brother's friend who happens to be an unlicensed handyman go out there and slap a mini split in it and put some bedrooms in there. Well, your insurance company doesn't classify your garage as a bedroom at that point. The city doesn't classify it. You're going to have a hard time with your permitting on your short-term rental. and god forbid something happens to one of your guests and you didn't follow the rules and the regulations for the thing that you set up, you could be personally liable. And I think that people put themselves at risk by doing those type of things. >> This episode of How We Grow is brought to you by BluTent. Bluent is proud to offer digital marketing solutions for vacation rental professionals. Expand your visibility to new travelers and book more guests with the team of Bluetent. Featuring direct booking sites, email marketing, digital marketing, channel management, and more. Discover what BluTent can do for your short-term rentals at bluetent.com. [Music] So, how do you ensure that the amenities that you have align with your target market? Whether it's like families or business travelers or just vacationers, how do you make sure that they're aligning with that? That is a wonderful question and something that I do think everyone should be asking on the front end of setting up their short-term rental, which is who is going to be the guest avatar coming to this property before I even put a piece of furniture in it or put a coat of paint on the walls. I got to know who my end user is before I set that home up. And we look at a lot of historic data through like AirDNA and Rau, some of these available data sources. We lean on our first party data, which is what you and I talked about earlier, our current clients who are sharing with us what's working and what's not. We lean really heavily on local property managers as well. I think that your local realators and your local property managers are just such a great resource. If you're managing 20 homes in a certain city and you've been doing it for years, you know what kind of folks are coming in and you know what they're looking for and what they're asking for. And so we really lean on a lot of different sources to get that data and then we game plan with our clients to help them figure out who that end user is and then build a amenities and renovation furnishing plan around that. >> I agree with you. I think it's really important. You said something I thought was very interesting. We're talking about quality items that will last as opposed to buying something from Wayfair that's good for the season. If there's one thing that I've learned from I'm just going to say my sister, she's been in property management for 30 years and she knows a lot of and they have a lot of properties and she buys quality items that will last her for years. And it reminds me of the story of the boots. If you heard the story about the boots where you have people that are wealthy that say they buy a $100 pair of boots, they're going to last for 10 years. I think my boots will last me for 10 years with no problem. I love hiking boots. It's a big deal for me. But you can also buy a cheap pair of hiking boots and they could be $25 and they may last you two years or if you're a kid, they wear out right away. And you think about the fact that you're going to have these people who are coming into the house that like you say are spending thousands of dollars and you don't want the chair to break on them. You want them to have a really good experience. So when I buy rockers, I buy quality rockers that will last for a year. I bought a child's table this year for my ocean front and it's polywood and I insisted on the polywood because number one it has a better warranty. It may not be any better than the other poly's out there but I thought this is going to last me 10 years and all of my rocking chairs are polywood and I don't have to replace them every year. You actually just spray them off and they do that. So tell me a little bit about how you help people understand that it's important for the quality for stepping over the dollars to get pennies. It's a hard thing to do is to change the perception of people, their mindset. And I do think actually the best way we do it is through education. On your podcast today, we're talking about it, right? And somebody's listening to it and they might not ever be a client of ours, which is okay. But at some point, they're going to set up a property and hopefully they remember this conversation and they remember what you said and they go, "You know what? I'm setting up a property oceanfront in Florida and there's a lot of humidity and a lot of salt water in the air and these cheaper steel chairs from Home Depot are going to rust and I'm going to have to throw them away in 12 months and I might save 50% today over the Polywood or the aluminum. But if I invest in these items, they will last for years to come. And so you said it perfectly is that if you don't, it will just cost you more. And honestly, I don't think we successfully change anyone's mind when they start working with us. I think most of people come in and they start working with us and they already understand those things because they have been listening to podcasts. They've been looking at the industry, they've been trying to inform themselves. And so, yeah, talking to you to me is the best thing that we could do to educate the industry versus trying to cram something down somebody's throat if they they don't want to hear at the time that they need to hear it. >> I made a mistake when I first bought the vacation rental. I bought themed umbrella, not themed umbrellas, but sumbrella umbrellas for my pool. and I love them. They're gorgeous. I love the colors and I bought a whole bunch. So, I still have them. But my sister said this year she was like, "Why are you buying those umbrellas? Those were only good for one season." And she's right. So, I was buying expensive umbrellas even though we're umbrella. You'd think they would last longer. They don't. Even though they're aluminum, it is ocean front and everything rust. I can put something out on my deck and within three months it is rusted if it's not the right materials. So, I think that depending on where you live, I guess in Tennessee that wouldn't be a big problem, though. >> Yes, you're absolutely right. The seasonality of your market should come into play into what amenities you provide and the quality of furniture and what you do. Absolutely. What's so interesting about the short-term rental industry is it's huge industry. We're worldwide, but it's so market specific. And so, for us to say, hey, a pickle ball court is the best amenity that you could possibly have. Well, I can think of several markets where it's a very low ROI amenity and it's really not a great amenity. And I can think of other ones where that court pays for itself in the first 12 months. And so it's a worldwide industry, but it's such a local niche depending on your property. There are certain properties and certain things that do so well in one market and don't do well in another. So really leaning on that local experience. And I kind of like when people invest in in markets that they know because if you had never been to Florida, you wouldn't think about that, right? You wouldn't think that your ocean property is your barbecue is going to literally turn to dust in 12 months. You're like, "Oh, no. It's under the cover. It's not going to get rained on." It's like, "No, that humidity is everywhere." So, those things I think are you really got to lean on some local knowledge to know exactly what to do with your house. >> Let's give them another tip. If you're on an island or if you're near the ocean, guys, you do buy a new grill every year. You're going to do that. Just face it. But here's the thing. Don't buy the aluminum ones. don't buy the stainless looking ones because within a week mine rusted. I brought at literally within the first week it had rust spots and I was like that's crazy. And I went to my sister's house and what did she have differently than I did? Well, hers was black enamel. The enamel didn't rust. It looked good the whole season. It looked great. The inside's going to rot out, guys, in that first It's going to rot out. You're going to have to have a new one every season. But the outside was enamel. And so the black enamel, it actually costs less and it's a better grill. So just a heads up for things like that. Tell me, how do you stay ahead of trends for short-term rental properties? I know it's a competitive market and I know it's fast evolving. So what kind of trends do we have that we should be looking at right now, Mark? >> Yeah, I think that two questions there. One, how we stay ahead of trends? We're constant observers, so we're always watching what people are doing and we're trying to get to the events, the VRMAs and those great events where you've got great speakers and great businesses that are sharing their knowledge and wisdom. So, we're really trying to consume and see what other people are having success with. Social media makes that pretty easy. We can follow the top 500 people in the industry and they're going to dump knowledge on you every single day through social media. We can listen to all the episodes of your podcast and learn from a lot of these experts. And so our entire team does that. That's kind of a a companywide initiative which is we all want to be consuming to stay ahead of. And then two, we're just testing things out and we don't always hit a home run. Sometimes we make a base hit. Sometimes we swing and we miss, but we're testing things out and trying new things to see what works and then pushing the things aside that don't work and moving forward things that do. >> We were talking about it's competitive. Like it's really evolves. This market goes very quickly. We all know the buzzword AI right now. So, that's what I mean by being competitive in the market for short-term rentals. What suggestions do you have as far as amenities and what they're doing to keep competitive? To me, I think it just comes down to quality over quantity. And instead of having a 100 properties in your portfolio that are C or B quality and spreading yourself too thin, the people that I've seen have the most success are really focusing on great quality assets, great quality customer service, optimizing their booking calendar. And instead of having 20 properties, have two that you run really, really, really well. And I think that's the key to success in the chaining industry. It's not necessarily having the most, it's having the best. What advice would you give to someone who's just starting out in the short-term rental industry to help them be successful from the very beginning? Now, I like what you just said because that's what prompted my question, but what advice would you give to them other than do the first one really well? >> My advice would be really try to be as hands-on as you can at the beginning. And there's a lot of gurus out there that kind of pitch the same old line. I've work one hour a week from Hawaii, make a $100,000 a month, never have to visit your properties, never clean a toilet, never change a bed, da da. There's people that put that to the world and it's attractive, but it's to me it's kind of just disingenuous and really just a scam. I would say if you're getting started, go through it. Be your cleaner for your first couple of cleans. You don't have to be it for every time, but if you're working a 9 to5 and you got to turn on the weekend, drive to your property and clean the property for the weekend. Figure out what's getting dirty and what's not getting dirty. Oh my gosh, I bought these linens, but man, they're just falling apart after a few weeks. I bought the wrong quality linens. Be your property manager at the beginning. Send the messages to the guests. Take the late night phone call. Go sleep in your property to make sure that the beds are comfortable. Make a meal in there before you launch and make sure your kitchen's well stocked. Go through it so that you can learn what your guests are experiencing, what your team is going to experience. And to me, that's the best way to learn and to set yourself up for success is simply by getting on your hands and knees and scrubbing the floor and and figuring out how long it actually takes to clean that property. So that you know, if your cleaner says it takes six hours, go, "Hey guys, I was able to do it in 3 hours myself. I did a great job. What are you talking about?" >> It's something that's very funny. I had a experience back in the spring. I have some friends that came to visit us at our vacation rental and I know this is going to be hilar and I use a property manager of course so I don't have to do anything but I provide the same sheets that they're using for the property management company's using I'm just like I need a couple of sets I need a bunch of sets of those for me I'll just use those and it was really funny because this is a very brew friend and it's a beautiful couple but he loves high-end sheets and when I would go visit his house like he'd have very high-end sheets on the beds and they were beautiful. I didn't even think about it when they came to visit. That's their first time coming to visit me at the beach and I just had our regular sheets on there and they loved those sheets so much. And guys, those are Walmart sheets. Like they are the most comfortable sheets I've ever had in my life. But I'm gonna be real frank. I throw them away if they ever get any of the littlest little knot on them. They go away because they're that cheap. But they loved them so much I actually bagged them and gave them to them to take home. I know when they look them up online they're like Amazon basic. I mean I don't even remember what they were but they were so cheap. So I think that when we talk about quality we have to balance length of life with what we're doing. >> Agree. There's definitely a rule of diminishing return. There's a point where you spend too much on an item and you go buy the most expensive stainless steel pots and pans set you can find. Well, unless you're a professional chef, most folks don't cook with stainless steel pots and pans. And so, the stainless steel pots and pans are probably going to get ruined and people are going to be disappointed in them. It's okay to go buy the teflon pots and pans from Walmart knowing that you're going to have to replace them every year or two because that's maybe this is not a perfect example, but that's what I'd say. At a certain point, more expensive, higher quality items are not always the answer. And so, yeah, it's definitely weighing what you should do with what the price and the quality is. >> Have a funny story about that. I have a gourmet kitchen at my house that I rent for my rental. And so pots and pans are really important to me. And when I went to my vacation room to get it ready for the season, didn't even think about it. But there were these pots and pans and I was like, they are so dirty. Nobody's really clean. So of course, what do I do as the owner? I clean it. They're all clad. I didn't think about it until after I did it. They're the best you can buy and they'll last me for years. I cleaned those and they looked perfect, but the housekeeper's not doing that job. So, I think that it depends on like I advertise a gourmet kitchen, so then I should probably have a higherend set of pots and pans. But if you don't, then I'm 100% with you, Mark. If you're not advertising that and it's just a kitchen like at our three or fourbedroom properties that we have, we're not going to be using those high-end pots and pans. >> I agree. And I think you said it so well. Every property is so unique in this industry. So, there's never a perfect answer for a property because every property is so different. And I made a silly post on on social media the other day about those cowboy pools and they're the stock tanks that people just fill with water. And I kind of said, "Ah, these are gross and no one actually likes these." I got a lot of positive comments said, "Yeah, they're terrible." But I had a handful of people said, "Hey, Mark, we've had one for 3 years. Our guests love it. It's wellused. Da da da. It's been perfect for our property. I can't knock them." Like, yep, I'm glad it works for you. And that's what it should be. Every vacation rental should be different and unique. that's what guests are looking for. And so there's no black or white answer, I think, to really any question about what you should do to your home. >> So, I love the fact that you're managing the logistics of providing like top-notch amenities while you're still looking at cost efficiency for the property owners. I think that is really cool and I think that's something that we don't always have enough time as property owners to think about, but I love the fact that you think about that. What are some of the key trends that you see or innovations that you see that are shaping the future of the vacation rentals? >> Yeah, I mean I think you said it well earlier. You talked about AI and I do think that AI is absolutely a very valuable tool for anybody who's operating a short-term rental. I've started to see some of these chat bots like Host Buddy AI where it's a really really great product. And so I think that that's the future and I think people need to learn about it, figure out how it fits into their business, how they can leverage it. It's obviously, I don't think, anytime in the near future replacing great hosts, great property owners, but it can make you a better version of yourself. And so to me, that's one of the big trends. It's kind of like when the internet came out 30 years ago or however many years ago and Airbnb. There was people that are like, "Nope, I only list my property in the classifides and I got a billboard down at the local restaurant and I only take people one night at a time." Whatever. They were stuck in their ways. And these OTAAS have completely changed how guests book and how they find properties. I think that AI will do the same thing when it comes to communication, listing optimization, calendars, things like that. I think it will be the next big disruptor in the industry and there's already some great tools that do that. I think there are too. I think there are a bunch of things out there that we can take a peek at. Looking forward to seeing that at Verma International this year. Honestly, it's going to be a lot of fun. >> I'll be there as well. So, we'll definitely have to connect. >> That's for sure. I know that you love this industry. So, tell me, what has been your most rewarding personal experience working with your investors or guests? >> That's a great question. So, I'll give you kind of two answers. One on a personal level as being property owners. I think for us really what some of the most rewarding the experience that our guests have been able to accomplish at the property and so we've got a property in Florida. We've had some guests come in for like the Blue Angels air show and we had a big family and the dad was 82 years old. He loved the Blue Angels his whole life. Never got to see a show. Was coming to see his very first show. Got to stay on our property and they just shared those experience with us which was really cool. We've also hosted folks fleeing natural disasters and hurricanes and things like that. And so to be able to have a place for them that's safe and comfortable and warm and we always make sure we go the extra mile and leave a welcome gift basket for those type of people and things like that and really take good care of them. Those have probably been the most personally rewarding things for us in the short-term rental space. And then on a business level for me it's always just when you get a repeat client that comes back for the next property. They say, "Hey Mark, we set that one up with you a year ago. It's doing so well. We we're ready for the next one." and hey, we're ready for the next one. So, to watch people grow their portfolio from one to two to five to 10 properties, that to me is really rewarding. >> I love your story, Mark, about helping people and people that have come from difficult situations to be able to stay in your property. That's really precious. Is there any other advice you'd give to property managers? Yeah, property managers specifically, I would encourage them to encourage their clients to reinvest into their properties, especially in the changing industry where it's becoming more and more competitive. I feel like every day I talk to someone that says, "Hey, revenue from 2022 was here. Revenue from 2023 was here. Revenue 2024 was here. We've dropped revenue 10% every year for the last 3 or 4 years." And we say, "Okay, well, what have you done to the property to reinvest into the home?" Oh, nothing. Okay. Well, like you said, you've got twice as much competition and you've got some properties that are really great properties in your market now and you're losing money every year because you won't reinvest. So, my advice to them would be try to find a way to encourage your clients to reinvest in their property. Maybe that means you offer a discount on your service on a percentage. Maybe that means that you offer something that you normally didn't do before, but it still benefits you at the end because if their revenue goes up by 50% and you just drop your fee by a couple percentage points, you still make more money. You have happier guests. You have better reviews, things like that. And we have at STR Cribs is we offer 0% financing. So property managers could even go to their homeowners and say, "Hey, you can get that hot tub you needed. You can get that pickle ball court you needed. you can add that fourth bedroom you needed and you can do it by borrowing those funds at 0% and then pay that loan off with the additional revenue. So there's a lot of great resources out there PMs can tap into and I'm always happy to look at any properties with anybody. >> I love that. So if people want to reach out if property managers want to reach out to you, Mark, how would they find you? >> I think the best way to find me is probably just through email. I'll share my email. You could drop in the show notes. It's m lumpin str cribs and I'm pretty active on LinkedIn, some social media channels. So feel free to DM me out there as well. >> So it's L U M P K I N guys. So M Lumpin. Well, Mark, thank you so much for taking the time to share with us and I really love what you do. I think it's a very cool thing to be a general contractor and offer really cool things to property managers and to property owners who want to do something neat. >> Thank you so much for having me on. This was really great conversation and I appreciate all the questions and you had some great insights as well from your properties and it's always fun to learn a little bit from other people. >> Oh, it always is fun to learn from other people. Thanks again. >> Thank you. >> This episode of How We Grow was brought to you by Bluet Marketing to find out more about how Blu-Tent Marketing can help grow your vacation rental business. Visit bluetent.com. Make sure to search for How We Grow in Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and Google Podcasts, or anywhere else podcasts are found, and hit subscribe so you never miss an episode. On behalf of the team here at Inhabit, thanks for listening.

- City of Austin proposes overhaul to short-term rental regulations: Kind: captions Language: en A DIFFERENT STORY FOR TAXES WILL SHOW YOU THE LATEST TRENDS OF THIS ARCTIC BLAST COULD BE ON THE WAY. AND THANKS SO MUCH FOR JOINING US TONIGHT. AT 10 O'CLOCK. I'M DANIELLE MONEY AND I'M JENNIFER SANDERS. WE TOLD FIRST HERE ON KXAN THAT. THE CITY OF AUSTIN WAS LOOKING TO OVERHAUL ITS SHORT-TERM RENTAL REGULATIONS. SO THINK AIRBNB OR VERBAL. THE CITY'S PROPOSED CHANGES ARE NOW OUT AND THEY'RE PRETTY SIGNIFICANT CASE. AND GRACE READER BREAKS THEM DOWN FOR US TONIGHT. THE CITY OF AUSTIN SAYS RECENT COURT DECISIONS HAVE MADE AUSTIN'S CURRENT QUOTE, ON UNFORCIBLE. THAT INCLUDES A 2023 LAWSUIT. WE TOLD YOU ABOUT FILED BY HOUSTON COUPLE OVER AUSTIN'S ORDINANCE THAT PROHIBITED PEOPLE FROM OPERATING A SHORT-TERM RENTAL WITHOUT LIVING ON THE PROPERTY. A JUDGE SIDED WITH THE COUPLE THEN SAYING AUSTIN'S RULE WAS UNCONSTITUTIONAL. I REPRESENT HUNDREDS HUNDREDS OR THOUSANDS OF THIS POINT OF CITIZENS OF TEXAS WHO BELIEVE THAT IT IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL. TO BAN ANYONE FROM RENTING OUT THEIR HOUSE FOR SHORT TERMS. NOW THE CITY IS OVERHAULING ITS SHORT-TERM RENTAL RULES IN AN ATTEMPT TO GIVE ITSELF REGULATORY TEETH. THOSE PROPOSED CHANGES INCLUDE CLEANING UP THE SHORT-TERM RENTAL REGULATIONS IN OUR LAND DEVELOPMENT CODE AND MOVING THE RULES TOUR CITY'S BUSINESS CODE INSTEAD MAKING IT SO THAT TO OPERATE A SHORT-TERM RENTAL ON A PROPERTY WITH 3 OR FEWER UNITS, THE LICENSE HOLDER MUST BE AN INDIVIDUAL. AND IF THE INDIVIDUAL WANTS TO OPERATE MORE THAN ONE SHORT-TERM RENTAL IN AUSTIN, THEY NEED TO SPACE THEM OUT BY AT LEAST 1000 FEET. IT WOULD ALSO REQUIRE PLATFORMS TO COLLECT THE SAME TAX CALLED HOTEL OCCUPANCY TAX THAT REGULAR HOTELS COLLECT FROM CUSTOMERS. ONE OF THE ELEMENTS OF THE ORDINANCE IS THAT THE PLATFORMS WILL BE REQUIRED. WILL REQUIRE HOST TO PROVIDE THE LICENSE NUMBER IN THE ADVERTISEMENT. AND WILL DELIST PROPERTIES THAT ARE NOT LICENSED UPON REQUEST FROM THE CITY. THE CITY SAID SHORT TERM RENTALS WITH AN EXISTING PERMIT WILL BE ALLOWED TO CONTINUE AS LONG AS PROPERTIES OWNERSHIP REMAINS THE SAME. ACCORDING TO THE CITY, THEY'RE ROUGHLY 2200 ACTIVE LICENSES RIGHT NOW. GRACE READER, KXAN NEWS. THE CITY OF AUSTIN HAS INFORMATION SESSIONS ON THESE CHANGES STARTING NEXT WEEK. ONE OF THEM IS VIRTUAL. THE OTHERS ARE IN PERSON. THE CITY WILL ALSO TAKE PUBLIC INPUT NEXT MONTH. WE HAVE ALL THE DETAILS IN THIS STORY AT KXAN DOT COM. WE DID REACH OUT TO MAJOR SHORT-TERM RENTAL COMPANIES TO GET THEIR FEEDBACK ABOUT THE PROPOSED CHANGES FOR BO. GOT BACK TO US TONIGHT SAYING IN PART, QUOTE, RIVERBOAT PART OF THE EXPEDIENT GREW. FAMILY SUPPORTS BALANCED A SHORT-TERM RENTAL LAWS. AND WE ARE REVIEWING THE NEW CHANGES PROPOSED BY THE CITY OF AUSTIN. THEY ALSO SAID THAT THEY'RE COMMITTED TO POLICIES THAT BALANCE THE NEEDS OF THE COMMUNITY AND THE TOURISM ECONOMY. WE'RE GOING IN-DEPTH WHEN YOU GET YOUR PURPLE SLEET IN THE MAIL ABOUT THE SHORT-TERM RENTAL PROPOSALS, YOU'RE ALSO GOING TO BE GETTING PROPOSED CHANGES TIED TO THE CITY'S HOME. BUT PART ONE INITIATIVE IN LATE 2023, THE AUSTIN CITY COUNCIL APPROVED THE FIRST ITERATION OF THE HOME INITIATIVE. IT WOULD ALLOW UP TO 3 UNITS TO BE BUILT ON A SINGLE FAMILY LOTS AND WOULD CREATE A PRESERVATION BONUS WITH THE GOAL OF SLOWING THE DEMOLITION OF EXISTING HOMES. WILL THE PROPOSED CHANGES WOULD ALLOW THE PROPERTY OWNER TO EXCLUDE THE SQUARE FOOTAGE OF THEIR EXISTING HOME FROM MAXIMUM SQUARE FOOTAGE LIMITATIONS IF THEY PRESERVE THE EXISTING STRUCTURE, THOSE PROPOSED

  Top Comments:
  1. @gomerhanger2285 [3 likes]: How exciting 😊
  2. @findurcalling: It is unconstitutional to allow homes to be turned into hotels in residential areas.  This greed problem is widespread, not only are the investors and platforms who promote this problem culpable, so is the judicial system, the politicians and cities/counties who allow it.  
We need federal enforcement against this problem.  A FULL STR BAN IN ALL US RESIDENTIAL.  it is a violation of people’s rights to have to deal with this horrible nuisance industry like myself and millions of people across the US and world.  STRs are hotels for all intents and need to be zoned that way, commercial only!

- Creating Standout Guest Experiences with Mark Lumpkin of STR Cribs: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the vacation rental show. How we grow. This is your essential playbook to grow and scale your vacation rental business with advice and insights from the best in the biz. I'm your host, Lenel Gordon. Welcome to the vacation rental show. I'm Lenel Gordon, your host. And today we have Mark Lumpin, and he is the sales director for STR Cribs. and he helps people who have short-term rentals to make them more profitable. Um, he helps them grow successful short-term rental businesses uh nationwide. He has over a decade of experience in the industry and he is passionate about setting up properties that maximize the guest satisfaction, revenue, and like overall success of the product. He also co-hosts a podcast called the STR Investing Podcast where he talks about building profitable short-term rental portfolios. So, he's known for his focus on creating standout guest experiences by incorporating like innovative amenities into vacation rental properties, which he was just telling me about. So, welcome, Mark. Thank you for being here. >> Yeah, thank you so much for having me on. That was probably my best introduction ever. I appreciate that. I hope I don't I hope you didn't hype me up too much, but I do appreciate that. And yeah, I really have got a passion for traveling and real estate, and I've kind of found my niche in short-term rentals years ago. And at STR Cribs, we're licensed GC and we like to help folks, like you said, set up highly profitable short-term rentals in this market where it's very competitive and it's not the same short-term rental industry as it was 5 years ago where you could just throw a mattress and a hot plate in a house and charge a premium for it. the competition level has increased and there's more options for guests and so we want to try to help people stay ahead of the curve and still make this a profitable venture for them. >> I think it's very interesting what you were talking about earlier when you were saying I'm in Dallas and it's very hot here and you were talking about the fact that you just helped set one up here in Dallas and you did a Dallas Cowboys theme. That was really interesting to me. So is that a short-term rental? >> It's a property just outside Dallas. We're not quite done with it, but it is going to be a very niched property where it's sports themed. And so we've got a huge game room with golf simulators and basketball courts and and uh movie featers and a bar. And we've got even seating from one of the original Dallas Cowboys stadium and murals. >> I was like, what? >> I thought that was really cool. So, you do some really cool stuff for people who are looking to create specific revenue, you know, increase their revenue for what they do. >> Yeah. Just unique experiences that stand out and and can do better, right? If you just set up a normal short-term rental and you don't market to anybody specifically, you are going to end up with pretty average results and you're always going to be competing with all of the properties around you. We try to help people set up a home that is unique and that has no competition where they're breaking the mold. They're setting their rates. They're attracting guests that want to come to their house as part of the vacation, not an afterthought. And so that's really what we've been focusing on for the last five years. >> So talk to me about some of the coolest things you've ever done. >> I would say it's usually around two things. One, themed houses and two, unique amenities. And so when I talk about themed houses, it's usually very specific to the guest avatar. So, if we look at a market like Nashville, Tennessee, well, we all know that that's the the bachelorette capital of the United States, that's really a great avatar to double down on. And so, we've done some really cool pink themed, Taylor Swift themed, cowgirl themed short-term rentals in that market that are very themed to that demographic of people who travel. Those have been really successful. Or looking at a market like uh Orlando, Florida, where you've got a lot of families traveling with kids. We've done some really cool Star Wars themed or Disney princess themed properties that do really really well because they've got such a cool unique theme. So, I'd say that's one of the pieces that we focus on. The other one would be around the amenities. And so, that's once again market and property specific, but we just did an indoor pickle ball court, which I thought was one of the coolest things I'd seen, the first one in its market. you know, we've done, you know, uh, couples retreats that have heated, relaxing chairs, spas, saunas, hot tubs. They really create a very unique experience with their amenities. And so, to me, those are the really the two funnest things that we've done is focused on the themes and then on the amenities. >> Do you follow up actually to look at the ROI and to look at how well the house does in rentals? >> Always. We always do. And if anything, our clients are actually ecstatic and they're reaching out to us telling us how well they've done. About 50 to 60% of our business is repeat and referral clients. So, we do a lot of multiple properties for the same investor. Uh we've got one person that's on their fifth or sixth. We've got another lady that's on her 20th and then we've got another group that's on their hundth. And so, as you build a relationship and you're doing more and more properties with people, they're sharing with you the revenue, what's working, what's not working. And so we do have a lot of firsthand data that other people don't have. And then I always really like to see that first 30 days as kind of a benchmark where we launched a property a few weeks ago and within I think 7 days they had 14 bookings on the calendar and they had already booked 60 grand in revenue in in seven days. So the proof is really there in the revenue and that's why we see investors do multiple properties over and over again. So tell me about some of the most profitable amenities that you help property own um owners with. >> Yeah, I don't think that the first one is really a surprise to anybody listening. It's it's heads and beds. And so if we can take a property from a threebedroom and turn it into a four or a fivebedroom, um we want to do that a couple ways. one, we want to make sure it's legal and it's permitted and it's safe. And that that's our our advantage of being a licensed GC is we can go do those things legally permitted and and safe. And taking something like a garage that might not be a used space and turning that into a permitted bedroom that can take your threebedroom to a fourbedroom can take your eight guest count to a 12 guest count. Maybe we have a a formal dining room that wouldn't really be used cuz there's another dining space. maybe that could be our fifth bedroom and we could permit that and and and make it legal. Well, boom. Now we have a five bedroomedroom that sleeps 16 versus a threebedroom that sleep eight. And so we doubled the guest count and we added two more bedrooms. That to me is immediate value ad not just to the real estate but especially to the revenue that the property will make. And I don't think anybody in the industry could ever argue that a five-bedroom will do better than a threebedroom. It's pretty common knowledge. So to me that's a big value ad. And then around the amenities specific, it's usually marketbased and then the client uh avatar-based. And so if I'm looking at a couple's cabin in Tennessee, well, like we mentioned earlier, the sauna, the the hot tub, the the massaging chairs, those type of things are really high ROI amenities. Or if I'm looking at a family property in Tampa, Florida, well, the kids playground, the swimming pool, the pickle ball court, those things are really high ROI amenities. So, there's not necessarily a blanket answer to what amenities are best for your home. It's usually based on the market and who's going to come stay in your propert. >> So, what is your favorite success story? >> About 80% of our business is setting up new short-term rentals, but we do do what we call pimp out your crib. If you remember that old TV show where they pimped out people's rides and it had an exhibit or whatever that guy's name is, he was hilarious. It's a great show, totally 2000s. But I I think of it in the same way where we take struggling short-term rentals that have good bones and good opportunities and we come in and we pimp them out and we make them so much better. And then what's cool about that is you have historic data. So we can say the 12 months prior to what we did, you made $75,000 in revenue. the 12 months post what we did, we made 140,000 in revenue. So, we doubled your revenue on this property. To me, those are some of my favorite success stories. And I can think of one off the top of my head that just finished its first full year post our renovation. And that was my example. They actually about doubled their revenue, a place in Scottsdale. It had no theme. It had a huge backyard. It was right by a lot of golf courses. We doubled down on that. We win a golf themed property, bachelor themed, a poker room, game room in the garage, outdoor mini golf, putting a driving range in the backyard with a net. And we really made that the ultimate guys golf retreat. And the revenue speaks for itself. That property doubled in revenue in in in one year. And so to me, those are great success stories. How do you determine the the ideal balance between like luxury and practicality when you're selecting amenities for a short-term rental property? >> Yeah, that's that's a great question. Um the I don't think there's a perfect there's no black or white answer to that. It's it's very much dependent on the market again, right? where if you are in a higherend market, maybe you're in Miami and you've got that property that really seeks to uh have and attract luxury clients, you might spend more money on the furniture and on things like that, and you might see an ROI on that. However, if you've got that property in Orlando that's got a lot of families and groups traveling with small kids, well, those luxury amenities not only are not going to give you much of an ROI, but they're just going to get damaged and ruined and fall apart. And so you want to lean more into things that are more sturdy and that are easy to maintain. Um, so that really really depends on the property. I would say as a general rule of thumb, most short-term rental investors want to stay away from those higherend luxury items. They're more expensive. They cost a lot more to maintain and they're higher likely to be damaged. I think you want to lean more into the things that are hospitality grade, are going to stand the test of time, and are easier to maintain. It a hot tub, for instance, I'm at a short-term rental right now. I know they had to drain the hot tub before I got here. They had to clean it. They had to refill it. They had to retreat it. I know that was not inexpensive thing to do. It probably took their cleaning crew at least an hour or two. And that's consideration you have to think about if you have that type of amenity. if the value added to the revenue is worth the extra expense. But if this place had a a basketball court and a basketball hoop, that would have been a cool amenity for our kids and we would have probably taken advantage of that. It wouldn't have really cost them anything in maintenance, right? They had to provide a couple of the pieces of equipment like some balls, but it wouldn't be something that they had to maintain on a regular basis. So, I really like people to think strategically between the pros and the cons and really weigh it holistically before they make a decision on what they're going to add to their property. >> What's the coolest thing you've ever done? Like for an oceanfront property? >> We're working on a rooftop deck in an oceanfront property that has a built-in bar, has swinging hammocks, has a little dance floor with disco lights, and that one's going to be really, really fun. Uh my favorite thing to do with oceanfront properties is really any property that has a great view. If you're if you're mountaintop and you have a great view of the of the Smoky Mountains or if you're oceanfront, you have a great view, figure out things that will point people in the direction of their view. So if that's a hot tub, well great. That hot tub should be viewing the ocean. And your photos should have a couple people sitting in the hot tub drinking a glass of wine enjoying the view of. So, I really think that amenities that double down on the view and get people to realize, oh my gosh, there's this amazing view and I'm going to be sitting around the fire pit that overlooks the Smoky Mountain roasting marshmallows with our family. What that amenity allows you to do is it allows you to bring up to the front of people's mind the fact that you have a great view. And I think a lot of properties miss that opportunity. They have a great view of their oceanside. They have a great view of the lake. They're overlooking the mountains, but they don't tell the story. And I think amenities can help you tell the story that you have this great location. >> Because we're talking about mistakes now. So, what are the most common mistakes you think that property owners make when they're trying to add amenities to their rentals? And what can they do to avoid those mistakes? >> Yeah, I think that really the biggest mistake is is stepping over dollars to pick up pennies. and they try. >> That's a tough thing to get through people's money. >> Again, I I just I loved that. Say that one more time. >> Stepping over dollars to pick up pennies, right? >> All right. >> Where somebody might think, hey, I could save a few thousand by buying this very inexpensive hot tub on Wayfair versus buying a good quality hot tub that's going to last. And you go, okay, well, what's the electricity cost of running that cheaper hot tub and d and what's the maintenance cost on it? And how long is it going to last? And what are you going to do when you have a guest who booked your property for thousands and thousands of dollars, the hot tub breaks, you've got to send a repair man in after hours to try to make it repairs. So, I think people forget to think about the big picture and they go to just save a few dollars and save a few days on the front end. That's the biggest mistake I've seen. And then the other one would be around not doing the things properly, not permitting your amenities, um, and not doing things legally where you maybe do a garage conversion and you just had your brother's, you know, friend who happens to be an unlicensed handyman go out there and slap a mini split in it and put some bedrooms in there. Well, your insurance company doesn't classify your garage as a bedroom at that point. The city doesn't classify it. It's going to be you're going to have a hard time with your permitting on your short-term rental and god forbid something happens to one of your guests and you didn't follow the rules and the regulations for the thing that you set up. Uh you you could be personally liable and I think that people put themselves at risk by doing those type of things. So, how do you ensure that the amenities that uh that you have align with your target market, whether it's like families or business travelers or, you know, just vacationers, how do you how do you make sure that they're aligning with that? Yeah, that is a wonderful question and something that I do think everyone should be asking on the front end of setting up their short-term rental, which is who is going to be the guest avatar coming to this property before I even put a piece of furniture in it or put a a coat of paint on the walls. I got to know who my end user is before I set that home up. And we look at a lot of historic data through like AirDNA and Rau, some of these these available data sources. Um, we lean on our first party data, which is what you and I talked about earlier, our our our current clients who are sharing with us what's working and what's not. We lean really heavily on local property managers as well. I think that your local realators and your local property managers are just such a great resource. If you're managing 20 homes in a certain city and you've been doing it for years, you know what kind of folks are coming in and you know what they're looking for and what they're asking for. And so we really lean on a lot of different sources to get that data and then we game plan with our clients to help them figure out who that end user is and then build a amenities and renovation furnishing plan around that. >> This episode of how we grow is brought to you by BluTent. Bluet is proud to offer digital marketing solutions for vacation rental professionals. Expand your visibility to new travelers and book more guests with the team of Bluetent. Featuring direct booking sites, email marketing, digital marketing, channel management, and more. Discover what BluTent can do for your short-term rentals at bluetent.com. You know, I think that's really I agree with you. I think it's really important. You said something I thought was very interesting. We're talking about quality items that will last as opposed to, you know, buying something from Wayfair that's good for the season. If there's one thing that um I've learned from, I'm just going to say my sister, uh she's, you know, she's been in property management for 30 years and she knows a lot of and they have a lot of property. They have a lot of properties and she buys quality items that will last her for years. And it reminds me of the story of the boots. The if you heard the story about the boots where you have people that are wealthy that buy, say they buy a $100 pair of boots, they're going to last them say they last for 10 years. I think my boots will last me for 10 years with no problem. I love hiking boots. It's a big deal for me. But you can also buy a cheap pair of hiking boots and they could, you know, be $25 and they may last you two years. um you know or if you're a kid they wear out right away and you think about the fact that you're going to have these people who are coming into the house that like you say are spending thousands of dollars and you don't want the chair to break on them. You want them to have a really good experience. So when I buy when I buy rockers I buy quality rockers that will last for a year. I bought a child's table this year for my ocean front. It's polywood. And I insisted on the polywood because number one, it has a better warranty. It may not be any better than the other poly's out there. But I thought this is going to last me 10 years. And all of my rocking chairs are polywood and I don't have to replace them every year. You just you actually just spray them off and they do that. So tell me a little bit about how you help people understand that it's important for the quality for stepping over the dollars to get pennies. Yeah, I it's a hard thing to do is to change the perception of people, their mindset, right? And I do think actually the the best way we do it is through education. On your podcast today, we're talking about it, right? And somebody's listening to it and they might not ever be a client of ours, which is okay, but at some point they're going to set up a property and hopefully they remember this conversation and they remember what you said and they go, "You know what? Yeah, I'm setting up a property oceanfront in Florida and there's a lot of humidity and a lot of salt water in the air and these cheaper steel chairs from Home Depot are going to rust and I'm going to have to throw them away in 12 months and I might save 50% today over the polywood or the aluminum, but if I invest in these items, they will and they will last for years to come. And so you said it perfectly is that you if you don't, it will just cost you more. And we don't necessarily I honestly I don't think we successfully change anyone's mind when they start working with us. I think most people come in and they're start working with us and they already understand those things because they have been listening to podcast. They've been looking at the industry. They've been trying to inform themselves. And so yeah, talking to you to me is the best thing that we could do to to educate the industry versus trying to cram something down somebody's throat if they they don't want to hear at the time that they need to hear it. I made a mistake. When I first bought the vacation rental home, I bought like themed umbrella, not themed umbrellas, but sumbrella umbrellas for my pool. And I love them. They're gorgeous. I love the colors. And I bought a whole bunch. So, I still have them. But my sister said, um, this year she was like, "Why are you buying those umbrellas? Those were only good for one season." And she's right. So, I was buying expensive umbrellas. Even though we're umbrella, you'd think they would last longer. They don't. Even though they're aluminum, it is ocean front and everything rust. I can put something out on my deck and within three months it is rusted if it's not the right materials. So, I think that depending on where you live, I guess in Tennessee that wouldn't be a big problem, though. >> Yes. Yes, you're absolutely right. The seasonality of your market should come into play into what amenities you provide and the quality of furniture and what you do. Absolutely. But what's so interesting about the short-term rental industry is it's a very it's huge industry. We're worldwide, but it's so market specific. And so for us to say, hey, a pickle ball court is the best amenity that you could possibly have. Well, I could think of several markets where where it's a very low ROI amenity, and it's really not a great amenity. And I can think of other ones where that court pays for itself in the first 12 months. And so it's such a local, it's a worldwide industry, but it's such a local niche depending on your property. There are certain properties and certain things that do so well in one market and don't do well in another. So really leaning on that local experience. And I kind of like when people invest in in markets that they know because if you didn't if you had never been to Florida, you wouldn't think about that, right? You wouldn't think that that your oceanront property is your barbecue is going to literally turn to dust in 12 months. You're like, "Oh, no. It's under the cover. It's not going to get rained on." It's like, "No, that humidity is everywhere." And um so those things I think are you really have got to lean on some local knowledge to know exactly what to do with your house. >> Let's give them another tip. If you're on an island or if you're near the ocean, guys, you do buy a new grill every year. You're going to do that. Just face it. But here's the thing. Don't buy the aluminum ones. Don't buy the stainless looking ones because within a week mine rusted. I brought it at literally within the first week. It had rust spots and I was like that's crazy. And I went to my sister's house. And what did she have differently than I did? Well, hers was black enamel. The enamel didn't rust. It looked good. >> It looked better, too. It looked better. >> The inside's going to rot out, guys, in that first It's going to rot out. You're going to have to have a new one every season. but the outside was enamel and so the black enamel it actually costs less and it's a better grill. So, just a heads up for things like that. Tell me, how do you stay ahead of trends uh for short-term rental properties? I know it's a competitive market and I know it's fast evolving. So, what kind of trends do we have that we should be looking at right now, Mark? >> Yeah, I think that how we Yeah, two questions there. One, how we stay ahead of trends. We're constant observers, so we're always watching what people are doing and we're trying to get to the events, the VRMAs and the and those great events where you've got great speakers and great businesses that are sharing their knowledge and wisdom. So, we're really trying to consume and see what other people are having success with. Social media makes that pretty easy, right? We can follow the top 500 people in the industry and they're going to they're going to dump knowledge on you every single day through social media. we we can listen to all the episodes of your podcast and learn from a lot of these experts. And so our entire team does that. That's kind of a companywide initiative, which is we all want to be consuming to stay ahead of. And then two, we're just testing things out. And we don't always hit a home run. Sometimes we make a base hit. Sometimes we swing and we miss, but we're testing things out and trying new things to see what works and then pushing the things aside that don't work and moving forward to things that do. we were talking about um it's competitive like it's really evolves this market goes very quickly. Uh we all know the buzzword AI right now. So um that's what I mean by being competitive in in the market for short-term rentals. What suggestions do you have as far as amenities and what they're doing to keep competitive? >> Yep. Definitely. I to me I think it just comes down to quality over quantity. And instead of having a hundred properties in your portfolio that are C or B quality and and spreading yourself too thin, the people that I've seen have the most success are really focusing on great quality assets, great quality customer service, optimizing their booking calendar, and instead of having 20 properties, have two that you run really, really, really well. And I think that's the key to success in the chaining industry. It's not necessarily having the most, it's having the best. >> What advice would you give to someone who's just starting out in the short-term rental industry to help them be successful from the very beginning? Now, I like what you just said because that's what prompted my question, but um what advice would you give to them other than, you know, do the first one really well? >> My advice would be really try to be as hands-on as you can at the beginning. And there's a lot of gurus out there that are that kind of pitch the the same old line. I've, you know, work one hour a week from Hawaii, make $100,000 a month, never have to visit your properties, never change, never clean a toilet, never change a bed, da da. There's people that put that to the world and it's attractive, but it's to me it's kind of just disingenuous and really just a scam. I would say if you're getting started, go through it. Be your cleaner for your first couple of cleans. You don't have to be it for every time, but if you're if you're working a 9 to5 and you got to turn on the weekend, drive to your property and clean the property for the weekend. Figure out what's getting dirty and what's not getting dirty. Oh my gosh, I bought these linens, but man, they're just falling apart after a few weeks. I bought the wrong quality linens. Be your property manager at the beginning. Send the messages to the guest. Take the late night phone call. Go sleep in your property to make sure that the beds are comfortable. Make a meal in there before you launch and make sure your kitchen's well stocked. go through it so that you can learn what your guests are experiencing, what your team is going to experience. And to me, that's the best way to learn and to set yourself up for success is simply by getting on your hands and knees and scrubbing the floor and and figuring out, you know, how long it actually takes to clean that property. So that you know, if your cleaner says it takes six hours, you go, "Hey guys, I was able to do it in three hours myself. I did a great job. What are you talking about?" >> You know, something that's very funny. I had a experience uh back in the spring. I have some friends that came to visit us at our vacation rental and I know this is going to be hilar I use a property manager of course so I don't have to do anything but I provide the same sheets that they're using for the property management company's using um I'm just like you know I need a couple of sets I need a bunch of sets of those for me I'll just use those and it was really funny because this is a very brew friend and um it's a beautiful couple but he loves highend sheets. And when I would go visit his house, like he'd have very high-end sheets on the beds and they were beautiful. I didn't even think about it when they came to visit. That's their first time coming to visit me at the at the beach. And I just had our regular sheets on there and they loved those sheets so much. And guys, those are Walmart sheets. Like, they are the most comfortable sheets I've ever had in my life. But I'm going to be real frank. I throw them away if they ever get any of the le littlestlest little knot on them. They go away because they're that cheap. But they loved them so much. I actually bagged them and gave them to him take home. Um I know when they looked them up online, they're like Amazon basic. I mean I don't even remember what they were but they were so cheap. >> So I think that we have to balance when we talk about quality. >> We have to balance uh length of life with you know with what we're doing. Um, >> agreed, agreed. There's definitely a rule of diminishing return, right? There's a point where where you spend too much on an item and you go buy the most expensive uh stainless steel pots and pan set you can find. Well, unless you're a professional chef, most folks don't cook with stainless steel pots and pans. And so, the stainless steel pots and pans are probably going to get ruined and people are going to be disappointed in them. It's okay to go buy the Teflon pots and pans from Walmart knowing that you're going to have to replace them every year or two because that's, you know, maybe this is not a perfect example, but that's what I'd say. At a certain point, more expensive, higher quality items are not always the answer. And so, yeah, it's definitely weighing what you should do with what the price and the quality is. >> Have a funny story about that. I um I have a gourmet kitchen at my house that I rent uh for my rental. And so, pots and pans are really important to me. And when I went to my vacation room to get it ready for the season, didn't even think about it. But there were these pots and pans and I was like, they are so dirty. Nobody has really cleaned. So, of course, what do I do as the owner? I clean it. They're all clad. I didn't think about it until after I did it. They're the best you can buy and they'll last me for years. I cleaned those and they looked perfect, but the housekeeper's not doing that job. So, I think that it depends on like I advertise a gourmet kitchen, so then I should probably have a higherend set of pots and pans. But if you don't, then I'm 100% with you, Mark. If you're not advertising that and it's just a kitchen like like at our u you know, our four three or fourbedroom properties that we have, >> we're not going to be using those high-end pots and pans. >> Um, >> agree. I think and I think you said it so well. Every property is so unique in this industry. So, there's never a perfect answer for a property because every property is so different. And I've seen, you know, I made a silly post on on social media the other day about those cowboy pools and, you know, they're the stock tanks that people just fill with water. And I kind of said, "Ah, these are gross and no one actually likes these." I got a lot of positive comments said, "Yeah, they're terrible." But I had a handful of people said, "Hey, Mark, we've had one for three years. Our guests love it. It's wellused. Da da da da. It's been perfect for our property. I can't knock them." I'm like, "Yep, I'm glad it works for you." Because the short-term and that's what it should be. Every vacation rental should be different and unique. That's what guests are looking for. And so, there's no black or white answer, I think, to really any question about the about what you should do to your home. >> So, I love the fact that you're managing the logistics of providing like top-notch amenities while you're still looking at cost efficiency for the property owners. I think that is really cool and I think that's something that um we don't always have enough time as property owners to think about but I love the fact that you think about that. What are some of the key trends that you see or innovations that you see that are shaping the future of uh the vacation rentals? >> Yeah, I mean I think you said it well earlier. You talked about AI and I do think that AI is absolutely a very valuable tool for anybody who's operating a short-term rental. Um, I've started to see some of these uh chat bots um like Host Buddy AI where it's a really really great product. And so I think that that's the future and I think people need to learn about it, figure out how it fits into their business, how they can leverage it. It's obviously, you know, I don't think anytime in the near future replacing great hosts, great property owners, but it can make you a better version of yourself. And so to me, that's one of the big trends. I think that if people, you know, it's kind of like when the internet came out 30 years ago or however many years ago and and Airbnb, there was people that like, "Nope, I only list my property in the classifides and I get my I got a I got a billboard down at the local restaurant and I only take people one night at a time, whatever that they were stuck in their ways and these OTAAS have completely changed how guests book and how they how they find properties." I think that AI will do the same thing when it comes to communication, uh, listing optimization, calendars, things like that. I think it will be the next big disruptor in the industry and there's already some great tools that do that. >> I think there are too. I think there are a bunch of things out there that we can take a peek at. Looking forward to seeing that at Verma International this year. Honestly, it's going to be a lot of fun. >> Well, let me ask you this. >> I'll be there as well, so we'll definitely have to connect. >> That's for sure. Um, I know you love you love this this uh I know you let me say that again. I know that you love this industry. So, tell me what has been your most rewarding personal experience working with your investors or guests. >> Yeah, that's a great question. I'll give you kind of two answers. One on a personal level as being property owners. I think for us really one some of the most rewarding experiences have been uh the experience that our guests have been able to accomplish at the property. And so we've got a property in Florida. We've had some guests come in for like the Blue Angels air show and we had a big family and the dad was 82 years old. He loved the Blue Angels his whole life. Never got to see a show. Was coming to see his very first show. Got to stay on our property and they just shared those experience with us which was really cool. We've also hosted folks uh fleeing natural disasters and hurricanes and things like that. And so to be able to have a place for them that's that's safe and comfortable and warm and we always make sure we go the extra mile and leave a welcome gift basket for those type of people and things like that and really take good care of them. Those have probably been the most personally rewarding things for us in the short-term rental space. And then on a business level for me it's always just when they when you get a repeat client that comes back for the next property. They say, "Hey, Mark, we set that one up with you a year ago. It's doing so well. We we we're ready for the next one." And, "Hey, we're ready for the next one." So, to watch people grow their portfolio from one to two to five to 10 properties, that to me is really rewarding. >> I love your story, Mark, about helping people and people that have come from difficult situations to be able to stay in your property. That's really precious. Is there any other advice you'd give to property managers? Yeah, property managers specifically, I would encourage them to encourage their clients to in reinvest into their properties, especially in the changing industry where it's becoming more and more competitive. I feel like every day I talk to someone that says, "Hey, revenue from 2022 was here, revenue 2023 was here, revenue from 2024 was here. We've we've dropped revenue 10% every year for the last 3 or 4 years." and we say, "Okay, well, what have you done to the property to reinvest into the home?" Oh, nothing. Okay. Well, you've got, like you said, you've got twice as much competition and you've got some properties that are really great properties in your market now and you're losing money every year because you won't reinvest. So, my my advice to them would be try to find a way to encourage your clients to reinvest in their property. Maybe that means you offer a discount on your service on a percentage. Maybe that means that you offer something that you normally didn't do before, but it still benefits you at the end because if their revenue goes up by 50% and you just drop your fee by a couple percentage points, you still make more money. You have happier guests. You have better reviews, things like that. And what I love we have at STR Cribs is we offer 0% financing. So property managers could even go to their homeowners and say, "Hey, you can get that hot tub you needed. You can get that pickle ball court you needed. You can add that fourth bedroom you needed. And you can do it by borrowing those funds at 0%. And then pay that loan off with the additional revenue. So there's a lot of great resources out there PMs can tap into and I'm always happy to look at any properties with anybody. >> So I love that. So if people want to reach out, if property managers want to reach out to you, Mark, how how would they find you? >> I think the best way to find me is probably just through email. I'll share my email. Uh you can drop in the show notes. Um it's m lumpinstr. And then I'm pretty active on LinkedIn, some social media channels. So feel free to DM me out there as well. >> So it's L U M P K I N guys. So M Lumpin. All right. Well, Mark, thank you so much for taking the time to to share with us. And um I really love what you do. I think it's a very cool thing to be a a general contractor and offer really cool things to property managers and to property owners who want to do something neat. >> Yeah. Thank you so much for having me on. This was really really great conversation and I appreciate all the all the uh questions and you had some great insights as well from your properties and it's always fun to learn a little bit from other people. >> Oh, it always is fun to learn from other people. Thanks again. [Music] This episode of How We Grow was brought to you by Bluent Marketing. To find out more about how Blu-Tent Marketing can help grow your vacation rental business, visit bluetent.com. Make sure to search for how we grow in Apple Podcasts, Spotify, and Google Podcasts, or anywhere else podcasts are found, and hit subscribe so you never miss an episode. On behalf of the team here at Inhabit, thanks for listening.

- Tenant Retention Strategies for Luxury Rental Properties: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] welcome to high-end homes handled right this is the Real Property Management luxury podcast hosted by Yours Truly Lindell Johnson today we're going to talk about cracking the code of tenant retention you may have a great tenant right now and you are on the fence of do we keep this person do we keep this family I should say do we not renew but that's a really good question and you know if you have a great uh renter at this point you know why why not renew especially if they're at the market um their rent rent is right where it needs to be and they're taking care of your home I want them today dig into really if you do have that that great family in your house and they're paying on time what you need to do to possibly keep them there and how you make the decision you know should you keep them there or not it could be a tough question to ask um especially when you know let's just say that you're renting your house for 2500 a month you're renting yours and then you find out that the house next door to your house is renting theirs for uh 28 and you're like man I should be getting 28 uh it's the same exact house same floor plan same amount of rooms I I we should be getting 28 so I'm not going to renew before you jump into that here are some things that you should really think about let's just say it's month 10 it's the 10th month of that lease of a 12 uh month lease and you give a notice stating that hey you are not going to offer renewal 2 months goes by that tenant has moved out and now you're actually going inside the property and you're going to tour unfortunately you didn't do your due diligence and you didn't tour before this lease was up and you notice that damages in your property is is way more than the deposit that you received some property management companies may say they want uh the actual amount of a rent so one month rent for deposit uh some company say they want uh 1.5 some companies want more you know while you're walking the property you know you're seeing there's wall damage uh there's carpet damage there's it broken items on the floor there's tiles missing um all these things you're noticing as you're walking and you you know have now hired uh contractors to come through and everyone that you have you know actually give you estimates they're saying Hey to get get this to where you want it to be it's going to cost x amount but where's this money going to come from and and that's something that owners and investors should think about of course you need to do what you need to do you due diligence you need to do walks and you need to really make sure during the leasing period that you're bringing in the right family that's taking care of the property but also if you do walk into a situation like that so now you're you're you're you're at a loss already Also let's just say that that lease has expired during the down period of leasing Lindell when is that well that is sometimes when school is out so think of it this way when a family has small children they want to get their kids moved in and they want to be in this new school system before school starts leasing is usually faster during the month going from May June July August it starts EV then it starts to come down September October November December January but most people do not want to move during the holidays and a lot of people do not want to move especially if they have kids during a school season so let's just say that your renter has moved out or the light leas expired uh during some of those slow months so now your home is going to be vacant longer than usual so you're paying your mortgage for one month or maybe you're paying mortgage for 2 months now because maybe it takes 2 months to get some money in or three so now add that 3 months of a vacant house on top of what you just put in extra to get this house back on the market that is a loss that is a loss that is a loss if you have great renters um they're paying on time and you've done your due diligence and they're taking care of their property and your property and um you want them to stay sometimes it's smarter to to keep them to retain them and then you know increase the rent based on what the market is at that point in time you know it's it's really important you know when you first get this renter into the property in the beginning stage in the beginning as soon as you get them in the first the first lease period uh make sure that they're at Market above Market close to Market but in this area in this little general area because what you don't want is their lease to expire and then you say Well they're not at Market so now I'm going to increase their rent you know 7 8 9% to get to that point a lot of renters are going to look at that and they're going to be disgusted by it and they're not going to to renew unless unless they love where they live and we're going to talk about that later so once they sign that initial initial lease make sure that you're at Market uh are close to it so that when you do that renewal time and you're doing that increase you're not doing that huge increase also I think we talked about in in in past episodes that um there are states like California that um have a cap on how much you can increase uh during renewal um and so you you got to be wary of that there is a benefit of of having a longterm tenant just as long as you are really do doing your due diligence and you're making sure that you're at the market so now let's talk about how do you really entice that tenant to want to stay there you know when in in this market that I deal with um at Real Property Management luxury we deal with luxury homes we deal with homes that our renters are are really doing well for themselves financially uh they're making about 2. five or more times the rent and our average rent here in this market is about almost $33,000 uh a month so our our renters are doing well so by saying that they have options they don't need to stay at your house but you can entice them to want to stay and the way to do that I'm telling you I'm telling you I'm telling you write this down take a pen write this down the answer is communication that is the way to retain your renters great communication if a renter calls and states that hey I have a maintenance issue you need to respond but not only respond but you need to actually have an answer and make sure you find a way to fix it if there's a problem in that property and they're saying hey I need someone here make sure you answer the call at all times make sure you know and when I say at all times you know don't don't don't think that I'm saying you know it's Sunday night at 11:00 in the evening and you're with your family and someone calls because um the microwave isn't working and you you need to respond right away I'm not saying that at all at all okay um the times that you call that you respond immediately are for Urgent issues I like to have our people respond anytime they say leak smoke fire those are the things that you know right away we're on it you we on it but if they have if they say you know I have a draw in the kitchen that's just not opening all the way that's not a call that you you know that I want my people to call back at the same time but saying that we do have a system where there's a immediate text um but what what I'm saying is you do not want your tenant to go by you know days without hearing from from you and having some solution to their problem uh another big thing is really that that maintenance piece or you know whoever you have doing your maintenance uh make sure that they abide by your rules and how you do business at your company because when they go to the house they're going to be the face of your property management company or the face of you the owner so if they're walking in the house they're not taking off their shoes they're bad communicators uh they're not really fixing anything they're really just patching things up and they're then kicking the can down the road the tenant is not going to be happy um especially if they're calling for the same situation the same issue maybe they have a a dishwasher is not working and it's hasn't been working for the N9 months that they've been there at this property and you've had your your maintenance tech there several times but it's never fixed and this is not a way that they want to live and really this has nothing to do with the cost of the property this could be you know a property that's not really making that much money too people are people and you need to treat people as if um you know every renter was say it was your family member um you know if I I'm married now if I have if my wife is living somewhere and or a family member you know and they were treated this way um I would say I do not want you to renew that lease and that's how you have to think about your rentor think about your rentor as if you know it was a family member how would you want them to be treated living in that house so you need to have uh positive communication uh strategy on how you deal with situations and not only is it you know you're communicating about maintenance and your F fixing maintenance issues but um what about things that aren't positive also they're also negative say for example tenant is late at rent there's a way to talk to that that that rent that's late you're not calling you're jumping down that throat Hey where's my my rent I haven't received it today is the fourth uh where is it you know you're a horrible person no it's it's hey I've noticed that uh uh you haven't paid rent this month yet and um I'm trying to find out what's is there anything we can do for you how's everything going but there's a way to communicate show empathy show care but make sure that you don't pull back on your rules and your regulations you know on that example I just said about rent yes if rent is due on on the third you know be Stern don't back off that but um just communicate well as if you care about their situation um another thing that you you should do is Implement some type of Survey System um if you now have let's say you're a property management company and you have multiple homes throughout of city um and you have different renters everywhere um sometimes it could be difficult to keep the pulse on their needs and how they're feeling so if you do create a survey system that can help you some type of Survey System that you know you survey them and you know when they move in and then maybe if you want to do it quarterly um you're asking questions such as um you know you've moved in and um how is the house based off of what you thought it was going to be like how is uh the property management company how is um just overall your experience um and if you do this early enough and enough uh times it will allow you to fix things that you're finding um because even if you lose this tenant and you have a new tenant that comes in um you can use you know the answers from these surveys to you know better provide a product to your customer and your customer at this point is your your renter so if you can Implement some type of tenant feedback system that can help you out um in the long run and then last but not least um have some type of Competitive Edge and what I mean by that is you know in the beginning we talked about a house that was right next door that was getting more rent than yours and that's why you thought about uh not renewing your current lease if you look go do a walk in your property you know maybe there are some things that you can upgrade I say this and I wanted to say this last because this should be the last thing you you think of doing um the goal should always be getting a return on your investment and at no way do I want you to go out and to splurge on doing these upgrades because what can happen is you can lose maybe the house for example maybe the house doesn't need uh wood flooring maybe it needs vinyl um you know maybe um all appliances do not need to be upgraded maybe you know so it's just it's just different things you can do but you need to be smart on uh what you're going to upgrade and if you're going to upgrade at all but this should be the last thing you think about um but you know some of these answers or even if you need to do upgrades come through that survey that we talked about earlier um you know maybe the the renter has noticed something like hey you know this this wash machine is pretty old and or this dry is so old that it doesn't heat uh so you know okay we need to do a change on this or things like carpet I I definitely don't recommend carpets in in a in a rental home because eventually you're going to have to change them out and it's just a hassle um but suppos they're saying hey we've lived here for 2 years and this carpet is just dingy we need to get rid of it uh maybe that is something that you need to take care of but upgrades it's not a bad thing to do but you just have to be really uh strategic on when and how much and and just why you're doing it and once again that survey can can help you in that it's not an easy easy thing to keep to keep your renter but it can happen and it happens when your renter is happy they love where they live and the price is right and they trust you so next time that you have a lease that's about to expire just think about these things before you you send out a letter saying you're not going to renew you know it may be smart for you to just you know renew um but once again do you do you due diligence make sure you know what the market rate is make sure when you get that lease in the beginning make sure they're where they need to be make sure you do your your walks in the property so that when they move out uh you don't get like this big issue when you walk in and you find out there's holes in the walls or something like that make sure you do quarterly walks and last but not least if you get to do upgrades be strategic once again this is Lindell from Real Property Management luxury this is highend homes handle right have a great day he

- 2023 Luxury Real Estate Trends, Airbnb Cleaning Fees Strategy, and Lessons from Sam Zell!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign welcome back to keycast I'm Brett and I am super excited to bring you Today's Hottest real estate investment stories uh today we're diving into 2023's luxury real estate Trends unlocking the potential of airbnb's cleaning fees and we'll pay tribute to an industry Titan Sam Zell so grab your coffee sit back and let's roll all right let's jump into our first story it's all about the Lux life baby uh we're seeing some interesting Trends popping up in the luxury real estate market this year and let me tell you it's not all about square footage and marble countertops anymore outdoor kitchens are leading the charge with Buyers increasingly wanting to cook and entertain this year sales of homes featuring outdoor kitchens have seen a boost of about 15 percent and of course uh what's a luxury home without a pool indoor outdoor multi-tiered pools hidden grottos Sun shelves you name it uh this trend has sparked a surge in Innovative pool designs with the pool construction industry projected to grow a compound annual growth rate of about 3.2 percent through 2028. now let's move on to indoors uh to the bathroom Spa amenities are becoming the norm as wellness and self-care gain importance soaking tubs steam showers saunas it's all about bringing that spot a home and get this fitness centers are no longer just a luxury condo amenity we're talking Personal Fitness rooms decked out with high-end equipment like pelotons and space for virtual training lastly a surprising yet logical factor from high-end home buyers are looking its proximity to cultural institutions so according to a report by Knight Frank properties near cultural institutions can be worth up to 60 percent more so remember when it comes to luxury real estate it's all about the lifestyle these properties offer now our Second Story uh this one's for all you short-term rental investors out there our main character Dennis who's an Airbnb owner who made a strategic move by charging a cleaning fee of 400 that's right 400 bucks I know what you're thinking Brett that's outrageous No One's Gonna book 400 cleaning fee but here's the thing Dennis started out by managing and cleaning the property himself but as the bookings increased so did the workload so he decided to hire professionals to clean things up during Peak Seasons like summer when the property pool needed maintenance the fees hit the top end this is resulted in a surprisingly positive outcome for Dennis his five bedroom two bathroom property sees consistent bookings and repeat clients despite charging more than his competitors he maintains very high occupancy rates in fact in 2019 a study by air DNA showed that clean properties can command higher prices and generate more bookings which is exactly what Dennis is experiencing so the takeaway here is maintaining a clean high quality space is critical even if it means charging a little bit more all right a little bit more somber for our last story today uh we're paying a tribute to Sam Zell a legend in the realm of distressed Asset Management uh who recently passed away at the age of 81. Zell also known as the grave dancer started his journey at the University of Michigan managing a building for free rent this experience sparked a lifelong interest in real estate which I'm sure everyone's kind of got their aha moment who's listening to this and to read the newsletter eventually this led to a strategy of acquiring distressed properties Zell's Story shows us that strategic risk-taking and a Keen Eye for opportunity can yield incredible results remember when he sold his Equity office to Blackstone for a whopping 39 billion dollars in 2007 at the time it was the largest private Equity transaction in history his impact on the industry was immeasurable and his legacy continues to shape the modern Real Estate Investment Trust a sector now worth over four trillion dollars so as we remember Sam Zell we also reflect on the incredible Mark he left on this industry now let's all strive to be the grave dancers and find those amazing deals of our own investment Journeys and that's a wrap remember knowledge is the key to real estate success stay tuned for more insights and stories here on keys if you like the video give us a thumbs up and subscribe we'll see you tomorrow

- Luxury Yatch Maintenance | Keeping Your Yatch in Pristine Condition: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] how can you ensure your boat gleans with resilience and Longevity what's the secret to keeping your engine humming sweetly and how can you prevent your motor from overheating at sea in this video we'll unveil the answers to these maintenance questions and more welcome to the opulent subscribe and let's Dive In 1. wash your boat regularly with fresh water embrace the ritual of boat TLC give it a refreshing rinse with fresh water bitter due to corrosive salt water buildup that can wreak havoc on Your Vessel and gear meet your ally to salt a potent Elixir for banishing existing buildup and pampering your motor a routine so simple yet so vital ensuring your Maritime companion gleams with resilience and Longevity protect your aquatic investment and sail the waves with peace of mind knowing your boat's ready to conquer any Sea 2. Service your engine at least once a year give your engine a yearly spa day it deserves some pampering too don't join the last minute Summer Rush secure your spot for a service ahead of time swap those spark plugs as part of the rejuvenating process and why not keep a spare set and spark plug spanner on board just in case tune in to your boat Symphony any unusual sound or vibrations could be its way of saying hey something to miss be the Savvy Skipper who keeps their engine coming sweetly ensuring smooth voyages and a watertight peace of mind [Applause] your boat will thank you with every confident Cruise 3. check the water pump from your motor regularly to ensure a strong discharge give your motor a quick health check watch for that reassuring water discharge every time you fire it up think of it as your boat's heartbeat strong and steady a clogged cooling system spells trouble leading to an overheated motor that's not a happy camper regular TLC fuel water pump ensures a refreshing flow and prevents any meltdown dramas remember a well-maintained cooling system keeps your motor running cool and smooth avoiding any on the water hiccups so keep an eye out for that welcoming stream and enjoy worry-free Adventures on the waves your motor will be singing your Praises with every splash 4. check your battery each season don't let battery Blues ruin your Voyage give your power source some seasonal love a quarter of all Coast Guard call outs are for flat batteries and we're here to help you dodge that bullet before setting sail make a battery check a must-do ritual charge it up ensuring it's holding power and sprinkle in some distilled water if needed snug connections are key so give them a quick once over to ensure they're corrosion free and firmly in place with a well-kept battery you'll have smooth sailing ahead leaving those frustrating power problems in your wake so don't let a drained battery dampen your spirits amp up your maintenance game and cruise worry free 5. check fuel lines at least four times a year fuel your boat with Peace of Mind by giving those fuel lines a regular checkup aim for at least four times a year to ensure smooth sailing examine the lines closely for any sneaky cracks that might be trying to sabotage your voyage and don't forget about the connections they should be free from any corrosive Surprises by staying Vigilant and taking care of your fuel lines you're setting the stage for worry-free Adventures on the water so give your alliance the attention they deserve and let your boating experience rev up without a hitch your boat and your crew will thank you for it 6. check your oil three to four times a year give your boat's Heart A Little Love by checking its oil regularly aim for three to four times a year just like a car your boat's oil level and color can tell you a lot keep an Eagle Eye on that dipstick and watch for any color changes darkening oil might be craving a change and if things start to get milky or your oil level performs a magical disappearing act don't wait for a boat-sized disaster reach out to an expert before any surprises leave you stranded or cause serious harm show your boat you care by giving a toil the attention it deserves and ensure your adventures stay smooth and trouble free on the Open Water 7. check your prop for damage or rubbish give your boats prop the spotlight it deserves regular checks are a must dive into action and ensure no fishing line is playing hide and seek with your prop a clean and debris free prop means smoother sailing ahead don't stop there inspect for any Battle Scars or signs of damage a dinged or dented prop isn't just a cosmetic issue it could be guzzling up your fuel efficiency keep your prop in Ship Shape condition and you'll be gliding through the water with efficiency and ease so give your prop some TLC and watch your boat's performance soar while keeping the waters pristine 8. check the hull for any visible signs of damage give your boat hull a thorough once over for a worry-free voyage let your eyes roam over any unsightly scratches dents or surprises that may have cropped up peek inside for any sneaky water leaks that could dampen your day don't forget to ensure those bung plugs snugly seal the deal illuminate your path with confidence verify that your navigation lights are shining bright keep things Ship Shape by making sure your bilge pumps are ready to pump out any unwanted surprises a Vigilant hole check is your ticket to Smooth Sailing and worry-free Adventures on the water 9. check the trailer frequently as well as the boat extend your watchful eye beyond the boat give your trailer a once over two right after your boat takes the plunge give your trailer a quick scan ensure those rollers are rolling smoothly your winch cable is locked and loaded and your lights are shining bright keep corrosion at Bay and make sure your trailer is in Ship Shape condition for a comprehensive guide on trailer checks dive into our additional tips for maintaining your trailer's top performance keeping both your boat and trailer in Tip-Top shape ensures your nautical Adventures stays smooth sailing from launch to Hall 10. finally be sure to check all joints and connections to keep them secure before you set sail give your boat a thorough checkup to ensure all joints and connections are ship shape and secure take a stroll both inside and out of your vessel about three to four times annually to spot any signs of normal wear and tear and to preemptively address any issues that might arise while you're at it inspect all ropes for wear tear or damage to keep your rigging in Prime condition by embracing this regular boat walkthrough you'll maintain a Vigilant watch over your beloved vessel ensuring smooth sailing and peace of mind on every Maritime Journey as you embark on your boating Adventures don't forget to secure your peace of mind with a coast guard membership your ultimate safety net even with impeccable maintenance on foreseen challenges can Arise at Sea when the unexpected occurs rest easy knowing that Coast Guard has your back our dedicated team of trained volunteers stands ready to assist you day or night 24 7. whether you're facing engine troubles or navigating through Rough Waters Coast Guard is your reliable partner on the waves so as you check off your maintenance checklist and prepare for the open Waters remember that with a coast guard membership you are never alone on your Maritime Journey thank you for watching follow for more

- Car Maintenance Solution |  Smart Fleet Maintenance Software, Luxury Car Rental | caryaati.com: Kind: captions Language: en smart configurations managing a fleet is always challenging for many reasons for example it's hard to track Fleet Maintenance without the help of software cariati smart configurations help your team configure your Fleet Maintenance and send alerts so you never miss car maintenance not only this there are several settings you can configure and re-edit when needed that eventually help to automate the whole operation and save time kariati Works smartly to reduce the workload and allow its user to configure the system as per the requirement like rental charges settings Tollgate and find settings insurance mileage value added tax settings and much more for streamlined and efficient operations [Music] kariati smart cities need me

- Income SKYROCKETS After 2 Rental Properties (here's how): Kind: captions Language: en So why does net worth skyrocket after you get your second rental property? So I feel like your second rental property is that turning point, right? Because now you have two properties under your belt that are getting passive cash flow. Because when you first start to buy rental property, it seems overwhelming. It is overwhelming, especially in that first one. Right. Because all the money that you have to save for that downpayment has to come from you either putting in more hours, getting a second job, or cutting back and saving. Plus, you've never done it before, so anything new always has a little bit of stress and anxiety to it. Yeah, and it takes a while to either work or save to get the first property. So you might be thinking, okay, how does somebody have ten properties? How does someone have 20 properties? If it takes me, you know, 3 or 5 years to save for my first property. But what you don't understand is this this passive income makes it easier and easier to save. Once you get your second one. The second one is a little easier than the first one because you might have, you know, 3 or $400 passively coming in a month from that first property. But once you get that second one, let's say there is $400. That's $800 a month you have just coming in fully passive. And so that is a turning point when you're investing in these rental properties. For me, it took me five years to get my first rental. It took me four years to get the second one. And then the third one I got in two years because of this passive income. And then the fourth and the fifth, I got a year apart. So as you can see, it's compounding real estate. Really. It is compounding real estate. You know that the first one's always the most difficult. And then you're like, oh, okay, that wasn't so hard. So then the second one and I watched you go through the third and the fourth and the fifth one. They all of a sudden you start getting on people's less, you start getting deal flow. You start figuring out how to buy the next one. You start to look at cash flow, and you were actually looking at a fair amount of deals after your second one. Absolutely. You also get better at it, right? Because you've done it twice, and now you know what you're looking for in the area. You're looking for very more specifically, you know what features you want in the home and how to do the math to make sure that it cash flows. Right. And I think the biggest thing for me to watch with you was your whole mindset changed in the beginning. You were like, okay, this is going to be hard. I got to use my own money. I got to save all this. And then you started to realize that your tenants actually pay all these off, right? And they actually help you with that passive income and help you, you know, so you can refinance and cash out some of the debt. And now I have five. And I'm also now looking at for a sixth one more of a creative option, right? I'm looking at possibly doing something sub two or possibly doing something with affordable housing. So it's kind of fun as you, you know, start traditional and then you start to get creative. But it's after that second rental. So for those of you out there that have, you know, 0 or 1 rentals, just know once you get to that second one, your net worth and also your knowledge is just going to explode. If you're a business owner looking to scale your business, then you need to take a look at Limitlessness here, which is going to be in Dallas, Texas, August 29th to the 31st. We all know things are changing and there's a lot of chaos in the markets. You want to be here because there's 50 speakers and a lot of thought leaders coming to this event. If you're interested, just click on the link below. So for those of you that are sitting there wanting to get your first rental, I think you know you need to start by either saving money and cutting expenses or working an extra job. People believe homeownership is out of reach for them based on inflation and their salary. So it's going to take either cutting or making more money in order to save up for that first rental. And the other thing is, I think that you can easily, even if you don't have money, you can go out and start to look at some markets and you can start to underwrite deals and, and, and see if they can offer or not, even if you don't have the money. Because just that is practice. So I know Danielle started to do that after her second and third as she started to get deals, and it had all the time she would go. I found another one, I found another one and then she would underwriter. We go look at it. All of a sudden we're like, no, I'll pass. But that just that process. In other words, you're you're continually looking even now you're continually looking for things. And sometimes they look better online, sometimes they don't look great online. And those turned out to be the best ones yet. And also if you don't have any money, there's so many people out there with money with no time. Right now we're at a conference and I was talking to a girl, and she's a research scientist and she has you're the high W-2 employee and she has a rental. She wants another rental. But in this market, it's hard to find cash flowing deals. And she doesn't have time to look for them. Right. So if you find someone like that and partner with someone like that, they can cut you in on a deal you find for them, because there's so many people that have the money and don't have the time. Yeah. And then there is another person that we met and she was in a market that was super expensive. The rents were high, the homes were up, prices were high. And she found a little niche in the Airbnb furnished 354 square foot market, and she was getting $1,700 a month for a 350ft². And that's in a market that is not affordable. So she was able to do that creatively when all the other traditional options ran out. Right. Because what she realized is, yes, this house doesn't cash flow if I buy it. But if I put a tiny home on it into an Airbnb plus rent out the home, then it does cash flow right? So there's lots of ways to skin the cat. So a lot of people see me now. Today, with 10,000 apartments and a big company behind me and all this momentum. But I can assure you that I started exactly where a lot of people started. I started with the two bedroom, two bath, that cash flow just barely $100 a month, and I used my own money. And that's where a lot of people start. Most people think that you need a whole bunch of savings to do this. The hardest part is actually a deal, right? It's not the money. A lot of people use the money as the obstacle, but it's always the deal. So my experience has been once I started sourcing and looking for deals, whether it's an Airbnb or whether it's a tiny home or whether it's one week rentals or one month rentals or three month rentals or a long term traditional route, it doesn't really matter. They all cash flow differently, so it's always what you see. So as you start to get educated and you start to understand that there's a lot of ways to cash flow real estate and there's a lot of directions you can go. Then your mind opens up and you start to see things very, very differently. So I didn't buy my first rental, my first cash for a rental till I was in my late 20s. I was managing properties all this time where all these people were getting rich because I was the manager, putting renters in those properties. So for years I just sat on the sidelines and watched. And then one day I decided to do it myself. I actually used my own savings to buy my very first one. Yeah, I similarly to you, I was 31, so I was probably about the same age when I bought my first rental property. Compounding real estate is just another concept like compounding interest. So once Tenille bought her first rental, she just had one source of income, one return, and it was off 3 or $400 a month. Then her second one was 3 or $400 a month, and now she's got, let's say, 7 or $800 coming in. Now she's able to use that to be able to buy more. That's what we mean by compounding real estate. The other thing that's cool about that is your tenants are actually paying off your debt. Your tenants are paying the mortgage down. They're paying it through rent. But then you're using that to pay your operating expenses and your debt, that these individual rentals ultimately get paid down by your own customer. And I think it's also important to note that there's trapped equity in real estate, too, that you can then compound. So if you buy something like my first condo is 160 grand, it's now worth 375 grand, so I can refine into that and take that $200,000 out and put it towards a different rental so that the equity is no longer trap. So that also compounds, you know, your cash flow or how many you can purchase. So the cool part about that story is that when you do a cash out refi, it's actually tax free because you're actually not selling anything. You're using debt. So the debt is actually going into your pocket. So then when you have that cash out refi then you can buy another deal. So the more and more properties you get under your belt, as they appreciate, you can start to pull out that trapped equity through that cash out refi and buy additional properties. So don't feel frustrated if you're sitting there saving up for your first rental or even your second rental and thinking this is taking so long, I'm never going to be able to get more than 2 or 3. At this rate, it's going to exponentially change for you once you have those two rental properties. Yep. You just kind of start with momentum. You got to start with one and generate some momentum. And then that momentum gets faster and faster as you continue. If you have not yet bought your first rental property, we just made a step by step tutorial on how you can buy your first rental property in the next six months.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CalebMartin2U [197 likes]: I predict a housing crash due to people buying homes over asking price, lacking equity if prices decline further. Foreclosure becomes likely if they can't afford the house, and selling won't yield profits. With anticipated layoffs and rising living costs, many individuals may face this situation.
  2. @KenMcElroy [25 likes]: If you find this video valuable, please consider sharing it with someone who could benefit from it. 

Your support helps our channel grow and motivates Ken to keep making videos like these. Thank you
  3. @thestrappingentrepreneur2822 [6 likes]: Just got my second duplex!! Wooooooooooot
  4. @djtecthreat [5 likes]: This advice was relevant 10 years ago.  The market has changed.  Good luck getting cash flow with these prices and rates.

Also "passive income" is a myth.  You will he doing work.
  5. @JohnnyGliniak [2 likes]: Property taxes each year has me breaking even
  6. @mark3158274 [1 likes]: I have 14 paid off they are cash cows  $15,000/mo.
  7. @TheGlobeRealty [1 likes]: This really hit home. The first rental feels like a big leap, but it’s the second property that starts to shift everything—from mindset to momentum. Ken and Danielle's breakdown of how cash flow, equity, and tax benefits begin to compound at that point was incredibly insightful. It’s not just about owning more—it’s about building a system that scales. Thanks for simplifying what can feel overwhelming for new investors. Real estate truly is a game of consistency and leverage.
  8. @jordanvelthuis6767 [1 likes]: Awesome video. I can confirm a lot of this as a budding investor with 2 rentals.

My one criticism is that they explained compounding a little incorrectly. If you get a second property and double your cashflow, then get a third and triple the cashflow etc that is linear, not exponential compounding. Nothing wrong with it as growth is necessary but its not "compounding" its just "increasing".
  9. @1Skeptik1: I own four modest, paid-for rentals that net $1.200 and appreciate $750 weekly.  We started SS at age 62 with no regrets, and money comes in faster than it goes out.  We also profit on the 5th. mortgaged house (3.75% fixed).  I learned how to leverage a mortgage for profit long ago.  This house's appreciation rate exceeds all costs.  On paper, we get paid to live here, and I service the mortgage with devalued dollars.  Conclusion: Real estate is a lucrative investment if you know what you are doing, and it is the easiest money that I have ever earned.  (Zip 34606)  The government prints for profit, and I make use of that insight.  cheers!
  10. @banginzaza: Thanks for the info 🙏🏿🇺🇸
  11. @SSCV-n8d: Is bro hitting that?
  12. @matrixist: Now is NOT the time to buy Real Estate. You will be lucky to make 5% at current prices and costs.  Better off buying a CD and wait for a RE crash.
  13. @singlecabngLA: Is this a spin off to a X rated clip why are you sitting like that and wearing that, hopefully you guys are a couple cause a mentor tht comfy with you is cray. Then again sometimes people do what they have to do. I am going elsewhere this is distracting lmao 🫡
  14. @shanerogers9386: Investors hoarding homes are the reason why people across the US can’t afford to live me being pushed into desperation.

How much can investors rent a pile of ashes for ?

It would be in their families best interest to exit the market asap, for their families safety
  15. @FreeStateAtlantis: Seems like a lot of risk for just $100/mo on a deal.
  16. @WaroftheFallenBook: She looks like she’s held hostage
  17. @UrsaBella: what are they talking about? my properties cash flow and I have plenty of equity in them. but taxes and maintenance is up. you also get taxed on this "passive" income. i do not recommend an average person in invest in real estate at this point. this woman should close her crotch area. this is disrespectful to display it to viewers.
  18. @neilchandavarkar3574: You have to choose the location where you buy wisely. In the Austin, TX area property taxes surpassed 40% of rental revenue. A couple of years ago it was over 50%. Beware of states without state income tax, they usually compensate with higher property taxes.
  19. @PropertyTurkeyCom: Absolutely agree with the concept of momentum in real estate! It’s amazing how the process speeds up with each additional property, thanks to the passive income and equity growth. Speaking of growth, have you considered looking at the Turkish real estate market? Turkey offers incredible opportunities, especially in major cities like Istanbul, where the demand for high-quality housing is skyrocketing. The rental yields are among the highest in Europe, and foreign investors can easily access profitable deals.

Plus, with Turkey’s new economic reforms, the potential for long-term capital growth is massive. It’s a unique market that blends affordability with high ROI, and the diversification benefits are substantial. If you’re interested in exploring options outside the traditional markets, I'd be happy to provide more information and discuss how you can get started. Let me know if I can help with anything!
  20. @davidlanger1982: appreciation is your only friend in this game. If we hit a down economy, properties might roll backward for 5 years. We might see people leave the country. Governments seeing a shortfall in revenue might increase taxes even more. not a good time for real estate unless you're in the mobile home business.

- 7 Steps to Hiring A Cleaner for your Airbnb | Jorge Contreras: Kind: captions Language: en What's going on guys Jorge Contreras here and&nbsp; welcome I'm going to talk about my seven-step&nbsp;&nbsp; process to hiring something to clean your airbnbs&nbsp; before we go into those steps we need to talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about why it's important to find someone to&nbsp; clean it here's the thing if you clean your&nbsp;&nbsp; own Airbnb you're going to be so busy working&nbsp; in the business that you will be unable to work&nbsp;&nbsp; on the business you see working on the business&nbsp; is where you focus on the 20 of activities that&nbsp;&nbsp; generate 80 percent of the results cleaning&nbsp; your Airbnb doing the maintenance doing the&nbsp;&nbsp; communications does not make you more money but&nbsp; it does keep you from acquiring more properties&nbsp;&nbsp; because you're running the business like a j-o-b&nbsp; so instead of cleaning it you should be looking&nbsp;&nbsp; at your next acquisition at the next property that&nbsp; is how you grow a business the first thing I want&nbsp;&nbsp; to talk about is where do you hire somebody to&nbsp; clean your airbnbs so I want to go over a couple&nbsp;&nbsp; of different options that I've used over the last&nbsp; five years since starting my Airbnb business and&nbsp;&nbsp; building a two million dollar a year short-term&nbsp; rental business uh the first place that I like&nbsp;&nbsp; to look at is Yelp obviously Yelp is a great&nbsp; option because we are living in the social proof&nbsp;&nbsp; economy and if a person has you know 28 4.9 star&nbsp; reviews on Yelp and they all think it's great it's&nbsp;&nbsp; probably because they're great ultimately you're&nbsp; going to find out for yourself but it's a great&nbsp;&nbsp; way to get the ball rolling the second way that&nbsp; I like to look for people to clean my properties&nbsp;&nbsp; is through social media right a lot of your&nbsp; friends and family likely follow you hopefully&nbsp;&nbsp; they follow you on social media and so if&nbsp; you were to post something on Instagram or&nbsp;&nbsp; Facebook and say something like hey guys I'm&nbsp; looking for somebody that cleans houses in&nbsp;&nbsp; Dallas Texas in San Diego California in Miami&nbsp; and L.A maybe some of your friends and family&nbsp;&nbsp; know someone who cleans offices or cleans houses&nbsp; maybe someone that cleans their house periodically&nbsp;&nbsp; so I'd use social media to hire cleaning crews&nbsp; before okay so those are some great options the&nbsp;&nbsp; other opportunity is to just pick up the phone&nbsp; or send a text message to friends and family&nbsp;&nbsp; and then personally ask them okay this is&nbsp; how I have found people to clean my airbnbs&nbsp;&nbsp; the second part is how much do I pay them so I&nbsp; have a formula that typically works like this uh&nbsp;&nbsp; 25 base and then 25 dollars per bedroom bathroom&nbsp; or a living space so for example if it is a three&nbsp;&nbsp; bedroom and two bathroom home right that's three&nbsp; bedrooms two bathrooms plus a living space six&nbsp;&nbsp; times 25 is 150. now this is going to vary like if&nbsp; you live somewhere in the midwest versus in a big&nbsp;&nbsp; city like LA or Miami those prices are going to&nbsp; vary but it is a great base that you can use to&nbsp;&nbsp; kind of gauge the other thing that you can do is&nbsp; find similar properties on Airbnb comparable to&nbsp;&nbsp; yours and look at what they're charging and if&nbsp; you find that there's four properties charging&nbsp;&nbsp; anywhere between 150 and 200 then you know that&nbsp; you need to be within that range because you don't&nbsp;&nbsp; want to be higher than everybody else if anything&nbsp; you want to start a little bit less as you build&nbsp;&nbsp; your reviews and once you have have like four or&nbsp; five star reviews then you can start bringing it&nbsp;&nbsp; up higher the third thing I want to go over is&nbsp; the W9 Form anytime you pay somebody six hundred&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars or more within a calendar year meaning&nbsp; from January 1st to December 31st you need a W-9&nbsp;&nbsp; form in order to use those payments as a tax&nbsp; deduction for your business if you don't have&nbsp;&nbsp; them sign a W-9 form you will pay taxes on the&nbsp; money you pay your cleaning crew so make sure&nbsp;&nbsp; that you have each and every person that you pay&nbsp; six hundred dollars or more in a calendar year&nbsp;&nbsp; provide you with the W9 form the next thing that&nbsp; I want to go over is that in order to automate the&nbsp;&nbsp; cleaning you need to share the calendar with&nbsp; your cleaning crew it just means that you're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to add the cleaning person as a co-host on&nbsp; your Airbnb profile so that they can see when to&nbsp;&nbsp; clean and when not to clean you do not want to be&nbsp; communicating the calendar schedule because it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; very inefficient task it's super tedious but it's&nbsp; important that they know when to clean so all you&nbsp;&nbsp; need to do is give them access to the calendar&nbsp; and they would see whatever you would see the next&nbsp;&nbsp; step and this is super important uh your cleaning&nbsp; crew must be available on the weekends and on the&nbsp;&nbsp; holidays meaning seven days a week I once was&nbsp; this close to hiring somebody to clean one of my&nbsp;&nbsp; units and at the very end of the conversation she&nbsp; said Jorge I do not work on Sundays and I respect&nbsp;&nbsp; that but obviously that would not be a great fit&nbsp; because guess what I have checkouts on Sundays&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes and I need somebody that can work&nbsp; seven days a week 365 days of the year including&nbsp;&nbsp; weekends holidays weekdays and everything so make&nbsp; sure that you go over that responsibility and what&nbsp;&nbsp; the schedule could look like the next part is they&nbsp; must be available to be your Runner I call this a&nbsp;&nbsp; runner because every once in a while your guest&nbsp; may need something and guess what it's either&nbsp;&nbsp; going to be you or your cleaning crew or someone&nbsp; else that you send and part of the automation&nbsp;&nbsp; process is to remove yourself from anything that&nbsp; requires you from having to be there in person&nbsp;&nbsp; so anything that requires somebody physically&nbsp; you want to delegate so if your guest needs some&nbsp;&nbsp; more towels to shower or they run out of you&nbsp; know fill in the blank your cleaning crew will&nbsp;&nbsp; be responsible for going and taking care of these&nbsp; things the final thing when I was hiring one of my&nbsp;&nbsp; clean Crews about three years ago I said um Maria&nbsp; do you have kids and she was like uh yeah I said&nbsp;&nbsp; you love your kids she's like yeah I said good I&nbsp; said I want you to treat this property like if it&nbsp;&nbsp; was your kid anything the property or the guest&nbsp; needs you were there 100 with undivided attention&nbsp;&nbsp; I want you to really take on this role like&nbsp; a manager so anything and everything that the&nbsp;&nbsp; property the guests the neighbors need you're&nbsp; going to be responsible and it's part of your&nbsp;&nbsp; scope of work and taking on this opportunity so&nbsp; again this removes me from having to physically&nbsp;&nbsp; be at the properties with that being said guys&nbsp; that is my seven step process for hiring somebody&nbsp;&nbsp; to clean my airbnbs there are some links down&nbsp; in the description down below where you can&nbsp;&nbsp; follow me on Instagram where I post every single&nbsp; day and you can also download my free ebook to&nbsp;&nbsp; gain more insight on starting your Airbnb and if&nbsp; you're someone that is ready to start your Airbnb&nbsp;&nbsp; business ASAP and if you have access to 10K to 20K&nbsp; right ten thousand to twenty thousand dollars to&nbsp;&nbsp; start your first Airbnb and you're looking for&nbsp; coaching you want to work with me personally&nbsp;&nbsp; send me a personal DM on my Instagram with&nbsp; the numbers 10K to 20K so I know you have&nbsp;&nbsp; the capital and that you're ready&nbsp; to get started so go ahead send me&nbsp;&nbsp; that DM let's chat and let's build your&nbsp; Airbnb Empire see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @katseye199 [1 likes]: How much do you pay the cleaners and do you have any guidance on the co-host contract?
  2. @liangymendez4164 [1 likes]: Hi Jorge, I have a question. I love that you are empowering cleaners into almost like a manager role. But I also did wonder if you payed them more than the base formula you explained for them to be like runners ?
  3. @JorgeContrerasyoutube: Attend my upcoming FREE Airbnb training where I teach you how to earn $10k a month through Airbnb: https://therealsystem.com/get-access-03
  4. @alaines430: Hey Jorge, what would you pay for a "run"? By the hour?
  5. @GrantPark-mq5tn: Hi Jorge. Should I be paying cash for tax purpose?
  6. @ClaudiaTorresRE369: Jorge is it wise to write a contract with the cleaning person and list the duties sign and date it? Would this be a wise and necessary?

- How to hire a 5-star cleaner for your Airbnb | short term rental hosting tips: Kind: captions Language: en what's up guys I'm Steven and I'm Kylie and we actually had a whole different episode planned out for this week until last night I got a text out of the blue asking if we needed a new cleaner and we actually do need a new cleaner in this particular market so we were taking some time to write out this list of questions we had for her and we got to thinking Hmm I bet you might have some questions on what you might need to ask a cleaner when hiring them you might also be wondering how to find a reliable cleaner and how to set the mutual expectations for their work if that sounds like you then hit that like button and let's dive into finding hiring and keeping a good cleaner for your short-term rental property but first a little back story on why we're looking for a new cleaner we have a property that we manage remotely and we've been increasingly disappointed with the cleaner there their cleaning quality has actually been fine we really haven't had any complaints about the cleanings but it's their communication that has been severely lacking it's going to say or lack thereof lack of communication this all sort of stems from the fact that they they refuse to use our scheduling software so they're doing all the scheduling on their own but they haven't been communicating when they're not going to be there to clean on the day that the guest checks out or letting us know when they're going to be there to clean so for example yesterday we had a guest check out and they didn't show up to clean and then they didn't respond when I reached out to say hey are you going to clean today and then when I followed up this morning they said oh well maybe we'll have it done today but it would be 5 PM at the earliest and the problem there is that forces us to block that night from booking in this case it's a Friday night and we've been getting a lot of last minute bookings in all of our markets and so blocking a Friday night for a cleaning that's been scheduled for the last three weeks for yesterday is pretty disappointing let us know in the comments if you've been seeing a lot of last minute bookings too we're curious because we've been seeing it a lot in all of the markets that we operate in but anyway we always like to work with our cleaners if we have a pain point we're not just going to say like oh you messed up you're fired but this is a communication issue issue that we've addressed several times now and it doesn't seem to be getting received so there's no saying I see your point and we'll be sure to tell you if we're not going to be there or we're going to really try to be there on checkout day like you've requested so unfortunately it's probably time to part ways so now we're on the hunt for a new cleaner and coincidentally Kylie gets a text from a cleaner in this market and they used to work for this particular company that we've been talking about quite the Scandal that was a lucky coincidence that she reached out especially on the day that we're you know kind of reaching a point of frustration and thinking about switching the cleaner it's not always easy to find a new cleaner and especially a good one when you're looking for a cleaner whether you're first starting out or you're looking to make a change there are a couple avenues that you can explore the first would be to talk to your realtor your realtor especially if they're one experienced in the short-term rental market should have a pretty good list of cleaners and other skilled trades that you might use and they'll be willing to share those with you the second place that we like to check is local social media groups see if your city has a local group on Facebook or the app next door and you can write a simple post asking for recommendations for a house cleaner not everyone will be specialized in short-term rentals but I wouldn't necessarily rule them out because of that you just need to make sure that you have really clear expectations set which we'll cover later in this video the third place we look is online Google or yes or yes service listing places and a fourth option is apps or websites that are intended to match cleaners and hosts for either a one-time or an ongoing fee one example of this is turnover BNB we don't have any direct experience with any of these so there aren't any particular ones that we can say you know are great but just know that that is an option and worth researching one thing I want to add is tread lightly before you go messaging other hosts and asking for a recommendation for their cleaner some might do it if they only have one property and you know they don't mind you know their cleaner getting extra work it's kind of like having a really good babysitter you don't want to go sharing their name and number all over town or they're not going to be there when you need them for your date night all right so you've found a list of potential cleaners to call but now the next thing is what should you be asking them a first question should be whether or not they have past experience with short-term rentals if they haven't ask if they're open to it and then describe what some of the constraints will be you know if you allow same-day turnovers they might be required to complete a cleaning between 10 and 3 or whatever you check out and check-in times are and they need to be comfortable with that it's also good to know how flexible they can be with scheduling so are they going to require a week's notice to schedule a cleaning or will a couple of days suffice if a guest comes to you the day before checkout and says they want to stay an extra day or two is it going to be a big deal if you push the cleaning out for one or two days most of the cleaners that we work with all of the cleaners that we work with currently are very flexible and that's an important feature for us our next discussion item would be laundry for most of our properties cleaners prefer to do the laundry on site but there are some that either don't finish in time or maybe they just like to do it off-site and then they return it the next clean hopefully you've checked out our sample inventory list and you've got your house well stocked with easy to clean easy to launder Linens and towels and Spares and Spares but if you don't have those things we'll leave a link to our sample inventory in the description below so if they are on board with the time constraints with the flexibility with the laundry then you also want to make sure sure they know how imperative it is for you both to have a really strong communication Channel this back and forth relationship is really important because the cleaners are the first set of eyes on the house after the guest has left and you want to make sure that they're comfortable and willing to let you know if there's any maintenance issues if there's anything that's broken Left Behind these kinds of things all need to be reported to you so that you can address them it's also good to pass along praise to them when they do an especially good job sometimes they'll get noticed by guests or get noticed by us you know it's always obvious when a cleaner takes pride in their work and getting some positive reinforcement and support from us we think that helps it's an easy thing but it's also so easy to slip into this habit of only giving them negative feedback we're only reaching out when they've made a mistake or that they've missed something in the cleaning one thing that we've been implementing is when we get a review that specifically mentions that it was a really clean house we'll take a screenshot of it on our phone and just shoot a text to them and say hey we got this great review Thanks for your hard work we cleaned our own properties for over a year and we know how hard and sometimes is disgusting it can be to clean a short-term rental after some nasty guests and so we want them to know how much we appreciate them on a regular basis yeah so back to communication we also want to know if the house is especially messy and that's something we can consider when we go to write guest reviews we also need to know if there's anything missing or damaged so we can get Replacements right away and you should also encourage your cleaner to let you know about low stocks on any consumable items the next thing is to get a cost estimate so if this cleaner is familiar with str's then most likely they're going to ask you for a link to your listing and also property specifics like number of bedrooms bathrooms and square footage of the house even then many of them will want to do an on-site walkthrough to give you the actual price this is a good chance to go through all the details of the house with them as well as to let them know about any extras like maybe cleaning patio furniture or using a leaf blower to tidy up the yard if you have a barbecue add that to their list and we even know of some cleaners who will drain water from above ground hot tub and refill them during their turnover cleaning basically just trying to make sure you capture all the tasks you want them to do so they can give you the most accurate price estimate next step for discussion is how you'll handle scheduling if you just have a single property then manual scheduling probably won't be too much of a burden on you but if you do plan to scale a scheduling program and task software has been indispensable for us we use and highly recommend Breezeway cleanings are scheduled and then tasks are pushed to the sign cleaner automatically but then you can also go in add notes or add secondary tasks and the cleaner sees that when they get to the property they can log any damages or missing items in the app as well as report maintenance issues we did a full video on all of the apps and websites that we like to use for our short-term rental business and we covered Breezeway pretty in depth in that video if you'd like to check it out we'll also leave a link in the description below that you can use to sign up for Breezeway and get a hundred dollar credit towards your account yeah so check that out but more of the story here is just make sure you and the cleaner on the same page for scheduling next is everyone's favorite topic Insurance we've talked in the past about how important it is to have insurance for your property but it's also important to have your cleaner and other service providers who visit the house have their own general liability insurance as well this protects you as the owner or manager if the cleaner were to damage anything at the property or have some sort of mishap while they were on site if you encounter any resistance by your cleaners or providers to get insurance you can also explain to them that it benefits them as well because it doesn't leave them personally financially burdened by some liability claim against them and one thing that we've learned in our experience with talking with uninsured cleaners is oftentimes they will bid a job considerably lower than an insured cleaner will so what we've done in the past is we'll say okay thank you for your quote for 175 dollars per clean we're really interested in hiring you but no insurance is a deal breaker for us we're actually willing to pay you 200 per clean so with that increased price would you be willing to explore getting a general liability policy the cost of general liability policy are going to vary by state and Locale and a bunch of other factors but in our experience with providers if they're a sole proprietor that cost is going to be somewhere between 850 and a thousand dollars per year in our experience not Insurance advice which breaks down to between 70 and 85 dollars per month so if they're getting an extra 25 dollars per claim from us and on average probably doing six stay cleanings per month that's going to more than pay for their insurance premium cost and it's going to benefit them elsewhere in their business because they probably don't only work for you and our last major discussion topic is payments if you have a preferred method of payment if it's direct deposit or Zell or venmo and a preferred schedule for payments then make sure that the cleaner understands and is okay with that up front we pay most of our cleaners on a monthly basis which works well for us because we reconcile booking activity and expenses per property on a monthly basis we do direct deposits and that means a cleaner will have to supply Bank details to you and we're also in consistent that we have a W9 on file because we need to report our payments to them on a 1099 at the end of the year to properly file our own taxes so basically what that means is no cash payments under the table no it's just it's not worth the tax explanation or work around so we would have to try and make you know if you're running a busy vacation rental cleaning expense is going to be a big chunk of the revenue that you're handling now you're armed with a solid list of discussion topics to ask a prospective new cleaner and a list of options on where you can go to look for a cleaner for your short-term rental property feel free to leave any comments or questions in the section below if they're quick we'll answer them here but we also do read them all and we round them up for a bigger q a video which we'll do in the future so make sure to subscribe for updates on that and thank you for watching and we'll see in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @rachelbrown1147 [5 likes]: As a cleaner myself, I think this  is crazy and find it unbelievable they would be so inconsiderate. I probably over communicate but I want the host to rest assured their property is taken care of.
  2. @LC-rp1yq [4 likes]: Great video! As a new STR host, I have also learned to ask what cleaning supplies and equipment the owner & the cleaner will provide. For example, the local cleaners ask that I provide a quality vacuum cleaner (and I will even run which ones by them before purchasing), a toilet brush cleaner, and even certain cleaning supplies. 

Due to increasing cost of supplies and gas, a good cleaner is happy to hear that I’m providing their favorite xxx cleaning products that I pickup at Costco. (Things like Dawn power wash, swifter duster, and a spin mop will make their day lol)
  3. @sheekqualityhairco. [3 likes]: Hi, do you allow 1 night bookings? If so, how can you cover the cleaning charge.
  4. @iratherbeonvacation [3 likes]: Hi. Your timing is perfect. We have a home which we are considering listing on Airbnb and I am gathering information. This was top of my list. Thank you so much. Great insights.
  5. @jgreenhousenyc [2 likes]: Great video! Do you just hire one cleaner for each property or do you have backups that clean part of the time as well? If only one, how do you handle when they can't make the clean?
  6. @allisongreene3641 [2 likes]: Hi! When it comes to insurance, what type of proof do you ask for?
  7. @sarahbartolac7454 [1 likes]: This info is so helpful - thank you!
  8. @katenolte4840 [1 likes]: Do you still hire an inspector "perfection inspection " for you properties?  Currently I use Guesty for hosts and that sends updates for bookings to the cleaner and I can send tasks.  Maybe I need to add the other software.  Also, do you hire a company with many cleaners or do you hire individual cleaners,  and if individuals how do you manage that schedule.  How is it determined who goes when?  Thanks!!!
  9. @patriciabarrett8287 [1 likes]: I love you guys, great info. Can you tell me more about perfection inspection. How do I find this person? Am I looking for another cleaner but different company for this role?
  10. @dca1onge [1 likes]: Excellent video on this topic.  The best I've seen.
  11. @gailsebastiao6265 [1 likes]: How do you transfer money to the cleaners account once you have their account information?
  12. @tararosedraws [1 likes]: Super helpful, thank you for sharing.
  13. @matthewmorales2063 [1 likes]: I wna talk about this further with you two. 😊
  14. @keepingupwithkimberly1030 [1 likes]: Hello again! What are your thoughts on rental arbitrage with a fully furnished unit charging 5k monthly? Is this something you would recommend?
  15. @rebeccawatts1507: Forcing a cleaner to have insurance will raise their price per hour.
  16. @griff7533: Oh man I hope you’d have a video like this! Hah. I SUDDENLY need a new cleaner and am interviewing a few.
  17. @leahmccarthy6769: Do you have another link for your inventory list?
  18. @duump: sample inventory link is not working anymore (404) :)
  19. @nathalielaurin1976: yes more last-minute reservation for us in Gaspésie
  20. @PSCA1988: Or.....just charge an outrageous cleaning fee and half-ass clean the place so you can run up your profit margins like most hosts. 👍

- How To Hire Professional Cleaners for Your STR: Kind: captions Language: en the cleaning crew it's usually a very big overturn of people who you get to work for you and you need to have like a list of exactly step by step what you want done in the house I usually have pictures of what I want done in the house and step by step so I usually go from top to bottom you know like dusting and using the desk mop to get rid of the cobwebs to get rid of the Dust on the fans and then come to the Linens and the cleaning crew that I use takes all the Linens with them so I have two separate sets of Linens so they don't wash the Linens here at the house they actually take the Linens with them and they exchange them and that includes the shower curtains so the shower curtains are ones that you wash and so they ever so often they take the shower curtain with them and they take it to wash so I try to get comforters that are thin and then provide blankets in the closets because that way the comforters are easy to wash

- Stop Hiring STR Cleaners — Hire This Role Instead: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] guys pre-check-in I want to talk about one thing that I always do before I guess checks in like right now I want to show y'all how it looks this is after the cleaners have came in they obviously Turn All the Lights Off for us so what I will do is come in here and turn all the lamps on open all blinds make sure the curtains are nice and neat this just gives it a super warm kind of welcome so I finished cutting all the lamps on I just kind of want to show y'all maybe I can do a before and after video I just kind of show y'all how different it feels in here just one lamp on um one light on right here lamp open blinds recommend if you're a property manager to hire a quality control check person this person goes in an hour or two before check-in and they kind of just checked the property turn on lamps open blinds straighten curtains kind of staged in the property right before the guest checks in to make sure it's perfect

- The Soul of a Hotel | Mark Harmon | TEDxWilmingtonSalon: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Ivana Krivokuća Reviewer: Mile Živković I love hotels. I love hotels because they're living, breathing enterprises. A hotel holds the promise every day of adventure and romance, intrigue, mystery, betrayal, affairs of the heart, dangerous liaisons. Where else can you find that but in fiction or in film? Today, I want to speak to you about the challenge of creating a hotel that has both life and adventure, and also is a place with a soul. I think we've all been to a hotel that didn't have a soul. It may have been a hellish experience, or it may have been that, perhaps, it just didn't live up to the expectations you had for this wonderful getaway, and you were disappointed. I've been a part of building a hotel It's no longer part of our collection, but it wasn't for a lack of effort, but things happened in the process, during the design, during the development we made compromises, and at the end, the hotel just didn't capture the imagination and the magic of the setting, and I was bitterly disappointed. Taking that to heart, I've become a student of hotels. I vowed that would never happen again, if at all possible. I've grown up around hotels, and we've built a number of hotels from the ground up - by that I mean from the very first idea of what a hotel might become - through design, through construction, through opening and operation. Today, I'd like to share those ideas with you about how to create a hotel with a soul. A soul is defined as something intangible, not physical. It also suggests a connection to a greater spirit. So if a hotel has a soul, it would have to have a life beyond its physical walls. Let's call that soulfulness. We've identified four elements of soulfulness: great design, a sense of place, a connection or being a part of the community in which the hotel is located, and finally and most importantly, that the hotel inspires great affection or love through and for the people working there. What do we mean by great design? Great design can be big, it can be small. It can be luxury, not luxury. It could be modern, it could be not modern. In the best of possible worlds, the hotel fits in with the surroundings. It lives in concert with a natural landscape or the cityscape; it feels like it belongs there. A hotel that feels like it belongs in its surroundings also typically would feel that has qualities that are almost human-like. It can be charming, it can be intimate, it can be charismatic. Those things are the things that make it feel a part of the destination, like it belongs there. When we did our first hotel from the ground up, we were in Los Cabos, Mexico, and I stood on this piece of ground overlooking the ocean. You could see the fish swimming down and the tropical fish swimming below and the reef. The seabirds were circling overhead. My first thought was, "Please, can't mess this up." How to enhance the natural setting here to make this hotel feel like it belongs here? They say that the door handle is like the handshake of a building. We naturally gravitate to those hotels that have a human scale, that feel like they embrace you, that sometimes you feel at home, but other times not at home. Because you can leave your worries and your checklist behind you. Ideally, think about the possibilities. Think about changes you may want to make in your life. Think about how you might become a better person. All that's inspired by the warmth, the beauty, the character of the hotel in its surroundings. In an ideal setting, a hotel also is efficient. The designer Philippe Starck said, "A great hotel combines intelligence, culture, efficiency, comfort, and always a touch of poetry." Hemingway famously stated, "The requirement for a great hotel is a bar somewhere on the premises." (Laughter) Our next topic is sense of place. What do we mean by sense of place? That the hotel becomes somehow identified with the culture, the region or the city. Take for example the Ritz in Paris, the Oriental in Bangkok, The Peninsula Hotel in Hong Kong. These are hotels that in their grandeur command your attention and have defined luxury at the highest level in those destinations, in those cities. Or it may be a tree house lodge in Costa Rica that brings you closer to one of the richest and most diverse ecosystems on the planet. Today, one of the most talked about trends in travel is immersion into the destination, into the culture, into the environment. The role of the hotel has really been transformed into that of a guide to the destination. In the best instances, the hotel staff curates and creates unique experiences that bring the guests closer to the destination and closer to themselves. I have an example from our property in Costa Rica. There we have a number of adventures and activities, including flying in an ultralight over the mountains and the ocean, taking a horseback ride up to an organic coffee cooperative in the mountains, hiking in a nature preserve along a pristine stream, or picking produce from an organic farm. When I rode in this ultralight, we're skimming over the tops of the waves on the ocean and coming back up to the hacienda up in the mountains, the pilot of the plane, Don Alberto, the owner of the hotel, pointed out these little tufts of clouds in the distance, and you're in an open-air cockpit, and he says, "Mark, reach out and touch those clouds." What do we mean by a hotel becoming a part of the community? Today, building hotels can be about building community, in much the same way that hotels in the past were traditionally places for gathering, for work and for play. Today - that paradox of digital connectivity - we're becoming more and more disconnected. Hotels offer a space to connect us all. In some cases, the most innovative and urban hotels have begun to define their neighborhoods. Take, for example, the ACE hotels in New York and Portland. They've woven into the social fabric and the local community. they bring people together through art, through music, and through content. We had an opportunity in Aspen, Colorado, to renovate the hotel Jerome several years ago. The hotel was originally built in 1889, and it needed a renovation. We were fortunate enough to be tasked with doing that. In the process of doing that, we took this hotel, which was built in the height of Aspen's silver boom, it opened in 1889 and had become an important part of the business and social life of the community. We went back to every period of the hotel's history. We took artifacts and photographs and flags and objects, even a whiskey flask from Hunter S. Thompson, who was the sheriff in Aspen in its wilder days, and combined all those things in sort of a modern, contemporary environment that we loved because it brought back the character. What was most exciting was that we were in a position where the town embraced our revival of this landmark and said, "Thank you for bringing back periods of the hotel's history and important periods of the town's history as well." The hotel Jerome was a wonderful experience, and what the most important element of creating a hotel with soul will always be is having a staff that creates those stories that bring you closer to the destination and create the moments that connect all of us. Ultimately, the inspired acts of the staff are the things that bring us closer together, and they're most responsible for creating soulfulness. If hospitality is defined as the act of being generous, friendly, and bringing in guests and strangers, then what better paradigm for us as hoteliers to be known as warm, generous and hospitable? The important ways that we bring together these elements of soulfulness are as follows. First, we create a culture of possibility for the staff, for the people who work there. Second, listen to the designers, the creators who can inspire, create these transformative places, that bring artistry and poetry into the design of the hotel. Use natural resources and use local resources, local artisans. Work harder to create sustainability for the property. But above all, create this culture of possibility who work for you, and allow them to create the stories that brings us closer together. Hire for passion and commitment, embrace and allow and encourage your people to tell those stories that bring the guests closer to themselves and closer to the destination. The desired result is that the lives of those people who are the guests and those that are the people working there and of course the community are enriched. I'll leave you with this final thought. Why shouldn't all places of business strive to be soulful? Thank you very much. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @ghoulzein572 [77 likes]: A hotel holds the promise every day of adventure and romance, intrigue, mystery, betrayal, affairs of the heart, dangerous liaisons. Where else can you find that but in fiction or in film? Today, I want to speak to you about the challenge of creating a hotel that has both Life and adventure, and also is a place with a soul. I think we've all been to a hotel that didn't have a soul. It may have been a hellish experience. Or it may have been that, perhaps, it just didn't live up to the expectations you had for this wonderful getaway, and you were disappointed. I've been a part of building a hotel that didn't have a soul. It's no longer part of our collection, but it wasn't for a lack of effort, but things happened in the process, during the design, during the development we made compromises, and at the end, the hotel just didn't capture the imagination and the magic of the setting, and I was bitterly disappointed. Taking that to heart, I've become a student of hotels. I vowed that would never happen again, if at all possible. I've grown up around hotels, and we've built a number of hotels from the ground up - by that I mean from the very first idea of what a hotel might become -  through design, through construction, through openin9 and operation. Today, I'd like to share those ideas with you about how to create a hotel with a soul. A soul is defined as something intangible, not physical. It also suggests a connection to a greater spirit. So if a hotel has a soul, it would have to have a life beyond its physical walls. Let's call that soulfulness. We've identified four elements of soulfulness: great design; a sense of place; a connection or being a part of the commuity in which the hotel is located; and most importantly, that the hotel inspires great affection or love through and for the people working there. What do we mean by great design? Great design can be big, it can be small. It can be luxury, not luxury, In the best of possible worlds, the hotel fits in with the surroundings. It lives in concert with a natural landscape or the cityscape; it feels like it belongs there. A hotel that feels like it belongs in its surroundings also typically would feel that has qualities that are almost human-like. It can be charming, it can be intimate, it can be charismatic. Those things are the things that make it feel a part of the destination, like it belongs there. When we did our first hotel from the ground up, we were in Los Cabos, Mexico, and I stood on this piece of ground overlooking the ocean. You could see the fish swimming down and the tropical fish swimming below and the reef. The seabirds were circling overhead. My first thought was, "Please, can't mess this up." How to enhance the natural setting here to make this hotel feel Like it belongs here? They say that the door handle is like the handshake of a building. We naturally gravitate to those hotels that have a human scale, that feel like they embrace you, that sometimes you feel at home, but other times not at home. Because you can leave your worries and your checklist behind you. Ideally, think about the possibilities. Think about changes you may want to make in your life. Think about how you might become a better person. All that's inspired by the warmth, the beauty, the character of the hotel in its surroundings. In an ideal setting, a hotel also is efficient. The designer Philippe Starck said, "A great hotel combines intelligence, culture, efficiency, comfort, and always a touch of poetry." Hemingway famously started, "The requirement for a great hotel is a bar somewhere on the premises." Our next topic is sense of place. What do we mean by it? That the hotel becomes somehow identified with the culture, the region or the city. Take for example the Pitz in Paris, the Oriental in Bangkok, the Peninsula Hotel in Hong Kong. These are hotels that in their grandeur command your attention and have defined luxury at the highest level in those destinations, in these cities. Or it may be a tree house lodge in Costa Rica that brings you. closer to one of the richest and most diverse ecosystems on the planet. Today, one of the most talked about trends in travel is immersion into the destination, into the culture, into the environment. The role of the hotel has really been transformed into that of a guide to the destination. In the best instances, the hotel staff curates and creates unique experiences that bring the guests closer to the destination and closer to themselves. I have an example from our property in Costa Rica. There we have a number of adventures and activities, including flying in an ultralight over the mountains and the ocean, taking a horseback ride up to an organic coffee cooperative in the mountains, hiking in a nature preserve along a pristine stream, or picking produce from an organic farm. When I rode in this ultralight, we're skimming over the tops of the waves on the ocean and coming back up to the hacienda up in the mountains, the pilot of the plane, Don Alberto, the owner of the hotel, pointed out these little tufts of clouds in the distance, and you're in open-air cockpit, and he says, "Mark, reach out and touch those clouds." What do we mean by a hotel becoming a part of the community? Today, building hotels can be about building community, in much the same way that hotels in the past were traditionally places for gathering, for work and for play. Today - that paradox  of digital connectivity - we're becoming and more disconnected. Hotels offer a space to connect us all. In some cases, the most innovative and urban hotels have begun to define their neighborhoods. They've woven into the social fabric and the local community. In the best instances, they bring people together through art, through music, and through content. We had an opportunity in Aspen, Colorado, to rehovate the hotel Jerome several years ago. The hotel was originally built in 1889, and it needed a renovation. We were fortunate enough to be tasked with doing that. In the process of doing that, we took this hotel, which was built in the height of Aspen's silver boom, it opened in 1889 and had become an important part of the business and social life of the community. We went back to every period of the hotel's history. We took artifacts and photographs and flags and objects, even a whiskey flask from Hunter S. Thompson, who was the sheriff in Aspen in its wilder days, and combined all those things in sort of a modern, contemporary environment that we loved because it brought back the characten. What was most exciting was that we were in a position where the town embraced our revival of this landmark and said, "Thank you for bringing back periods of the hotel's history and important periods of the town's history as well." The hotel Jerome was a wonderful experience, and what the most important element of Creating a hotel with soul will always be is having a staff that creates those stories that bring you closer to the destination and create the moments that connect all of us. Use natural resources and use local resources, Local artisans. But above all, create this culture of possibility for the staff, for the people who work for you, and allow them to create the stories that brings us closer together. Why shouldn't all places of business strive to be soulful?
  2. @ndidiamakaobianwu7614 [26 likes]: Epic words: Hire for passion and commitment
  3. @CompassTrainingOfficial [16 likes]: What he has said is very true, and really shows when I visited the Grace Hotel in Santorini (one of the hotels he has founded), the hotel and staff made it a really special trip. The reception team were a great example of everything we discuss in our course, and it made it a really memorable trip. Hoping to go back there soon in the future!
  4. @asianplanet5849 [9 likes]: Ive been doing restaurant and cell phone stores for about 10 years now. Ive grown to the point where these businesses are just not big enough for me. Im finally looking for bigger businesses. Im proud of myself. Im very into the hotel business. I wish i could meet someone who is just as interested as well. I prefer to partner up with someone more experienced. Wish i had some indian friends. Im not chirismatic enough to build a team. Ill have to go at it alone. Im talking to myself. This is why i have no friends.
  5. @arlinegeorge6967 [7 likes]: Beautiful amazing impressive soul . Interesting n informative talk. Thank you, bless you. All your dreams come true.
  6. @hoteltechreport [6 likes]: Mark really nails what makes a hotel truly stand out—it’s not just the fancy lobby or thread count, but the sense of place and connection it creates. In my years running hotels, the properties that stuck with people weren’t always the flashiest; they were the ones that made guests feel part of something real. I once brought in local artisans to showcase their work in the lobby, and guests loved it—not just as decor, but as a way to connect with the destination. Hotels with a soul aren’t just places to stay; they’re places to remember.
  7. @Calxbedo [5 likes]: 11:59
  8. @jhannosorio2620 [4 likes]: Very utopic, in the reality a part of the customers exploit the kindness of the hotel staff, they forget that we are humans too.
  9. @davidmasiss [4 likes]: Really inspiring and challenging at the same time!
  10. @khannasir4391 [3 likes]: Great design is most important
  11. @malusisoko7030 [2 likes]: What a terrible presentation
  12. @torahkalule5543 [2 likes]: Thank you for this video!!!
  13. @kerrimccracken8866 [1 likes]: Fabulous ideas.
  14. @rockymahendru2554 [1 likes]: Staff??? They are your business leaders, and why dont you pay goood?
  15. @descendingdiaries [1 likes]: I love this man
  16. @debashisbrahma8126: Great insight..staff and services design plays a critical role here
  17. @BEN-d1l9e: You should read "Concise Introduction to Hotel Management" by Robert Bracey now. This nonfiction book is the best book about the travel industry. It’s a quick read and impressive. It’s a brilliant guide. Google it.
  18. @HullAYR: Building and planning a wellness resort is an exciting venture! Here are some key factors to consider:

Location and Accessibility:

Choose a serene environment that promotes relaxation.
Ensure easy access to transportation and nearby attractions.
Design and Layout:

Create a harmonious flow between indoor and outdoor spaces.
Incorporate natural elements like water features and gardens.
Treatment and Service Offerings:

Provide a variety of wellness treatments (spa, yoga, nutrition).
Consider the expertise of staff and the quality of services.
Sustainability:

Use eco-friendly materials and practices.
Implement energy-efficient systems to minimize environmental impact.
Target Audience:

Identify your target demographic (families, couples, solo travelers).
Tailor services and marketing strategies to meet their needs.
Amenities and Facilities:

Include fitness centers, pools, and relaxation areas.
Offer healthy dining options that align with wellness goals.
Regulatory Compliance:

Ensure adherence to local regulations and health standards.
Obtain necessary permits and licenses for operation.
Marketing and Branding:

Develop a strong brand identity that reflects your wellness philosophy.
Utilize digital marketing strategies to reach potential guests.

By focusing on these aspects, you can create a wellness resort that not only attracts guests but also provides them with a rejuvenating experience. What specific area are you most interested in exploring further? 😊
Practically: 
Things to consider when building and planning for a wellness resort and retreat
Aria: 
You're on the right track! Building a wellness resort and retreat requires careful planning. Here are some key things to consider:

1.  Target Audience & Niche:

Who are you attracting? Families, couples, solo travelers, specific age groups, those seeking specific wellness practices?
What sets you apart?  Focus on a unique niche, like yoga retreats, mindfulness programs, detox programs, or specific health conditions.

2. Location & Environment:

Nature's Embrace: Choose a location with natural beauty - mountains, beaches, forests - that promotes relaxation and tranquility.
Accessibility:  Consider ease of access for guests, transportation options, and proximity to airports or train stations.

3.  Wellness Programs & Services:

Holistic Approach:  Offer a variety of wellness programs that address physical, mental, and emotional well-being.
Expert Staff:  Hire qualified and experienced professionals in areas like yoga, massage, nutrition, meditation, and fitness.

4.  Design & Architecture:

Harmony with Nature:  Integrate natural elements like wood, stone, and water features to create a serene atmosphere.
Spacious & Comfortable:  Ensure rooms and communal areas are spacious, well-lit, and promote relaxation.

5.  Sustainability & Eco-Consciousness:

Environmental Responsibility:  Use sustainable building materials, renewable energy sources, and minimize waste.
Local Sourcing:  Support local businesses and farmers for food and products.

6.  Technology & Amenities:

Modern Amenities:  Offer high-speed internet, comfortable beds, and modern bathrooms.
Technology Integration:  Consider incorporating technology for booking, communication, and wellness tracking.

7.  Marketing & Branding:

Unique Identity:  Develop a compelling brand story and marketing strategy that resonates with your target audience.
Digital Presence:  Establish a strong online presence through a website, social media, and online booking platforms.

8.  Financial Planning:

Investment & Budget:  Develop a realistic budget and financial plan that accounts for construction, operational costs, and marketing.
Return on Investment:  Consider the potential return on investment and long-term sustainability of the resort.

Which of these areas are you most interested in exploring further?  Let's delve deeper into a specific aspect to help you create a truly exceptional wellness retreat!
  19. @michaeltagud992: am i watching michael bolton?
  20. @Sourcedealscouk: Are u an investor and want to get off-market deals? add me on 007784697194 hotel investors welcome, management and booking service

- Brazil's World Cup Luxury Rentals: Kind: captions Language: en with the World Cup approaching fast the real estate market in Rio de Janeiro's in the frenzy the Brazilian city is expected to receive more than half a million tourists and there aren't enough hotel rooms to fit them all so a lot of property owners here have decided to fill the void renting out their own homes to visiting soccer fans prices can be sky-high with luxury homes and apartments going for hundreds of thousands of dollars for the month of the tournament that's astonishing in a city where the average salary is around $1,000 per month one such house in the exclusive Jalad district sticks out of a forested mountainside so steep that its fur and ah's appear to float above the ocean its owner is asking 150,000 dollars per week during the World Cup the three-story house has a vertical garden rising up from a spa on the ground floor it's glass walls and a warm sea breeze give the living room an open-air feel the people who rent these properties include corporate executives wealthy soccer fans from Russia and the Middle East and at least one African head of state to make some extra money some extra money so little they almost never in the past and never rented a room from the DAO studies have shown World Cup fans to be bigger spenders than normal tourists creating a unique opportunity for property owners

  Top Comments:
  1. @timmouers7184 [1 likes]: id love to rent a luxury apartment in Rio, cant wait, this is a bit toooooooo expensive but im sure ill find a flat with the beach outside my balcony, yip Rio here i come to look for my property
but this is nice, this house, wow

- How the Luxury Villa Rental Market Really Works: Kind: captions Language: en All right, welcome back to the pod. This is episode four uh of the Noea Vida Group podcast. Uh my name is James Prior. My business partner Jack Valentine is on and uh one of our very special friends and guests is Mr. George Gray. >> Great to have George on, isn't it? So today we're going to talk about Holiday Villa Rentals uh which for us a few years ago we did the odd one or two when we sort of started New Eden. We were always keen to help clients but we never really found a trusted partner did we? and um been working with George now for 3 years. We've done sort of 10 to 15 high value rentals a year. It's been seamless, hasn't it, mate? So, I think it's really good to have George on because clients are renting villas. They are trying before they're buying. They are sort of going to different areas of the world and sort of experiencing what's like to have a home in those destinations. And it's been seamless. Like, I mean, it's really important to us that we service clients well, otherwise we wouldn't necessarily do it. So, you know, great to have George on and um I think it'd be good to sort of share those insights. We've got very similar clients and experiences, haven't we? >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Well, thanks thanks so much guys for having me on and you know everything you've just said I I completely echo. Um it's been been great working with you guys as well and you know your insight certainly into the sort of southern Spanish market and you know places like the Algav has has been very helpful for for for me as well and for my clients. Um and you know what what we do as you say you know holiday rentals um sort of all ends of the market but very much uh at the higher end in in the luxury sector um and you know across a multitude of destinations across Europe and and in the Caribbean. But but certainly, you know, I think, you know, we grew very organically as a business from from from a company who just had one villa in Portugal when we started sort of nearly 10 years ago now. And and we've built that up um again very organically over a number of years. Uh you know, quite quite simply by by delivering good outcomes, good outcomes for our owners and good outcomes for for our guests. And and like you say, PE people are renting homes. um whether that's just purely for holiday, whether it's for business, whether it's you know try before they buy. Um you know in one of your earlier pods obviously about relocating and and people relocating from the UK more and more people are moving out of the UK and and also relocating from the US etc. So people do need to to try before they buy and you know we're very much here to here to help them and support them in in some of the finest homes in Europe and beyond uh when they when they want them. All right, George, what are some in your experience, what are some of the major pitfalls that some of your clients uh have experienced? And more importantly, what you know, what can you advise them to look out for? >> Well, I mean, you know, like every aspect of of sort of property uh sales or rental um you know, there there is, you know, the way the propertyy's presented is probably the the biggest thing um by the person who who is presenting it to you. Now, you know, the first thing that comes to mind would be imagery, um, and how how these people are portraying the house, whether they're, you know, making the images representative of of its current condition, uh, the size and the space of the property. You know, we I've seen all sorts of or funny angles taken of villas to make them look bigger. Um, and you know, I've seen photos of villas taken seven, eight years ago and and sort of being advertised as current. And as as we well know, you know, houses don't stay the same over a number of years, certainly not when they sort of have a high throughput of of rentals over that period. So representative imagery is very important. It's something we we're very very conscious of. We use very, you know, only photographers that we've kind of worked with before, vetted, um, and and we know that they're putting the the right, you know, perspectives of the house on that that we want to put on our websites. Um, also as well, probably the biggest thing are poorly maintained and looked after properties. Um, you know, again, as I say, you know, with with lots of rental guests coming in and out, uh, you know, things do happen in these houses. Glasses get broken, furniture gets ruined, ripped, stained. Um, and, you know, generic and general maintenance. You know, I typically say to to my owners that that the sort of first, you know, 10 to20,000 euros they spend a year on a property they won't actually see because that's the kind of, you know, it's touching things up. It's making sure the taps are running, things like that. And and it's ensuring that that continued investment is happening, but but equally that it's applied by a suitable management company and management team. Now, one of the things that that is important for us in our business is ensuring we have that direct access to the house that we control that management and maintenance process in the villas we rent because that ultimately dictates the the level of quality we we deliver back to our guests. And one of the things I discuss a lot is is the rental cycle. And and it's that cycle of of maintaining the house properly, the guests coming, enjoying their stay, coming back and returning year on year, which returns, you know, income to an owner and and it keeps that cycle flowing very harmoniously. And and I think that rental cycle really is the key to any strong rental business. And, you know, one of the ways that we kind of manage these expectations, let's say, of of of owners and guests alike is is by controlling the flow of money. As we all know, you know, very much money uh dictates people's behavior and how they how they respond. And so we don't actually release the full amount of the the rental back to the owner until after the guests have left, which ensures that, you know, the guests have had a good time. anything that's failed has been dealt with or you know if there's an issue that crops up we we know that we can get the right management and maintenance and if needed the the owner's intervention in order to get everything sorted because as soon as you release those funds to the owner their incentive to ensure that the rental goes you know to plan and how it should do reduces heavily. So so that's a very very important part of our business and something we we haven't ever compromised on. >> Yeah, it's great and we've seen it in action. It's brilliant. I think one of the really good things I enjoy working with you guys is the access you have. I mean, we we work with some very very private clients and uh I know they're always quite anxious and nervous about if they were to rent a villa, you know, are for example the pictures out there far and wide or is there something very special they can have that others can't have? And I I just it amazes me every time with every inquir we ever receive, the actual access you have some of these homes. It' be good to hear more about that. >> Yeah, I mean it's certainly a big part of my dayto-day um sort of responsibility in the business now is is getting this access. You know, uh last week I was actually in Greece seeing some new villas there. Um and this week I'm going to be down in the south of France doing the same. And you know, it's you know, one of the things we we do is is we won't ever rent property unless you know, as I said, we have that access. We know it, you know, intimately. we know who's looking after it. Um because you know ultimately again that that that feeds back into the quality um that that we know we need to deliver to these clients. And you know a lot of people say oh you know the high net worth have you know very very high standards but you know in my opinion everybody has high standards whether they're paid three or 4,000 euros a week or whether they're paying three or4 hundred,000 euros a week. And and for us we certainly don't compromise you know dependent on on the price the client's paid. And it's very important for us to to ensure that not only do we have the right access to to the right homes, but but that the quality is is above the standard that that we expect. And you know, I I spend a lot of my time meeting new owners. Um, which you know, a lot of which comes through word of mouth. Uh, I feel like in what what we're doing here is a very very heavily trustled kind of business. Um, and I think a lot of, you know, pe ultimately this is something you put your trust in in somebody to deliver. And you know, I take that very seriously. So, ensuring we we have the right properties um and that we're meeting the right right owners of these properties um is a is a big part of what I do. And you know, a lot of a well not a lot, but you know, some of the some of the houses we have in our portfolio would would be what we call offmarket. So that they they aren't visible on our website. Um they aren't freely available through different agents. um they're they're marketed totally privately through a sort of you know us to the client um via via email or WhatsApp um and you know it's very sort of confidential the brochure that we present to them um and you know there are various reasons for this the owner may may not want it publicly advertised the owner may be a very very high net worth ultra high net worth individual or or you know a political figure somebody wellknown um and ultimately you know it comes down to to privacy and discretion which which is something that we operate with a lot in the business. You know, we deal with a lot of sort of highly highly known clients, whether they're professional athletes or, you know, very successful business people. Um, and you know, that we're used to dealing with those types of individuals, both on the owner side and on the guest side. And, you know, we we have no qualms working that way with offmarket properties because we know we have the network to to show these homes to. Um and and quite often these homes are really the the top tier and the pinnacle of of the destination they're in. And you know, we actually took took a new one on recently um in Kora actually for for a very very high net worth and high-profile business person. Um and and that is for me one of the most spectacular properties in in Portugal or even in Europe. >> It's amazing that house. >> Yeah. Just on sorry just on that we've you know we we've done some very big deals in the past what 18 24 months what are and you know some of these you know they they you know they're going there for a good time or they're going there for family time. What are some of the things that you can do that you can add on to their experience because you know some pe some clients like lots of things some clients like to be left alone and just you know do their thing. What what what can you do or what what other things that can you provide some of these high net worth clients? Well, I mean, as you say, James, um, you know, there's sort of no limit to to what people want and, you know, equally we like to say there's no limit to what we can provide. Now, you know, one of the things again as a business we've invested in heavily this year is our sort of concurge um and experiences piece and and our guest services. And you know ultimately that's been led by by strong demand from our client base for the the extra stuff you know from very basic things like transfers from the airport to private chefs um yacht charter private jet charter things like that uh that that we can obviously add on to support the rent of the property um you know I think is is imperative um and again not just necessarily at the at the upper end of this spectrum but you know also you know in the middle of the market you People want a night off. Maybe it's a special occasion they're away for. You know, they'd like to do a private chef or they want a day out on the boat. Um, and again, you know, what what my guest services team spend a lot of time doing is is in location. They're building and developing their network to enable to provide these services. Um, you know, it includes like vetting chefs. You know, one one day this week, Thursday night, you know, I'm I'm I've got dinner provided by a private chef and it it he's it's basically a job interview for him to get work with us next year. So, so again, it's something we put a lot of time into to to ensuring that that that the quality that we're delivering to the client even though it's delivered essentially by a third party is is that of what we would want to provide. Um, you know, we've had some really interesting requests over the years. I think probably the hardest one, but one we able to deliver. Couple were getting married uh last summer in the south of France and they needed a silver horse that that the groom could ride into the wedding. Um and and we were able to to find a silver horse, one of the right shade um from another part of France and and have the horse down for for two days during the wedding. That that that was quite an interesting one. But >> that beats us um flying dogs over in a private jet for sure. >> Yeah. Well, as as you say, you know, anything goes really. Um, certainly when you're dealing with, you know, with the high high net worth individuals, um, and ultimately for them, it comes down to, you know, them ensuring they have what they want and and and how you get there ultimately doesn't really matter. It's just ensuring that you deliver and and that's now, as I say, a very central part of what we do in our business. But but ultimately we can do it all even you know whether it's golf tea times or restaurant bookings very very big again in the south of France in the summer sanrope you know it's impossible to get a table at some of these beach clubs but you know again we've developed those relationships and have that access where we can offer clients um you know that service >> one of the things I've seen from our clients I was just going to say sorry one of the things I've seen from our clients and their experiences is they've it's the little touches you do that actually make a big difference their experience I think being at the end of the phone for one of them is another. So having someone on your team or yourself literally able to respond within minutes to anything they need. They don't get that as much as people think they get that. And and you actually if you can't if you can do something you do something if you can't try and find a way of doing it. It's made a massive difference to our whole, hasn't it? >> No, I I think I think that's spot on. And and again, I think a lot of people, you know, in our industry, and when I say our, I mean, you know, across the sort of luxury property sector, you know, very deal orientated, very deal driven. And you know once they've got that signature on the page they're sort of you know as I I said earlier earlier in this podcast you know about how people are sort of driven by what what's happening with the money and once they've been paid their sort of incentive to keep providing that high level of service sort of drops. Whereas you know in our market you know we want these clients to come back year on year time and time again. And the only way we're going to achieve that is by consistently delivering a very, you know, responsive, attentive, and and high quality service. And and I think most of these people understand that that not everything can always go perfectly to plan, but when it doesn't, that there's somebody there responding and reacting. You know, as you know, we had a situation in Marba last year which was completely beyond our control. Um, and certainly was unsatisfactory and unsavory for the client. But you know fortunately we were all on the ground at that time and we were able to respond accordingly to it and actually deliver a really really you know brilliant outcome for the client who has subsequently booked again. So I think as you know um you know that level of of responsiveness and reactiveness you know in the event of you know something not going to plan I think is is very important and and you can't really put a price on it. >> Yeah. in that situation that me that literally was the d the point of difference. I think if other businesses would have backed off or maybe left it a little bit and contacted them later, but I think our combined responsiveness to that client was made all the difference to their experience, isn't it? >> Totally. And you know, it's it's something we see often. And you know, your point as well about you know, the small talk is I think you know they are really important because you know most of these clients at this level you know they can have whatever they want. They can they can buy whatever they like and they can do whatever they want to do. But I think the small touches that that show you care and that you you've sort of taken time to to know them and understand their preferences. I think it you know they're very high level touches that I think go a long way. >> Yeah. Well um I mean we so obviously we've worked with you on a lot of the established markets. So Marb we've done lots of business together done business in South France ski resorts all the sort of traditional established well-known markets. What are the ones the new markets you're most excited about or you're seeing the most demand for? Well, you know, obviously a few weeks ago you you spoke in in very good depth and detail about comporter um which is somewhere, you know, personally I I think is is got real legs into the future and I I I believe in in the next 10 years time will be spoken about in the same sort of context as IA Mkos and some of some of those really really you know high-end uh summer destinations in Europe. So I've got a lot of belief and faith in there. I won't go into much more detail because I know you already have. Uh but another one would be Pulia in the on the Adriatic coast of Italy sort of right down towards the heel of Italy if you like. Um really really beautiful countryside rolling countryside into really blue beach well blue seas and beaches uh whitewashed buildings really really good local food obviously you know Italian cuisine I don't need to go into too much depth about but you know all all of that sort of Italian heritage um and you know some very good golf as well but you know typically a lot of these villas are sort of reclaimed and renovated maseras which are sort of old farmhouses or or trulies which are again very tradition traditional sort of Italian style pulian style buildings. Um but but that's been very very popular for us this year and and I and I can see that happening again next year. Um and then another new one for us would be, you know, in in Greece, the Pelpineese region, um sort of around, you know, you probably know the place Ken Navarino. Uh it's a very very um well, it's fairly new sort of in the last five years, but but equally there's going to be a lot of Middle Eastern investment in that region in the coming year or two in terms of infrastructure, airport, roads, etc. And you know, I think that's going to go continue to go from strength to strength. Greece is is really reliable for weather. Um, you know, has has probably as, you know, a wide season. Not quite as wide as Marba, but certainly sort of eight eight months of the year in terms of seasonal width. Um, great golf there. Honestly, some of the best golf I've played um anywhere in the world, let alone Europe. And fantastic restaurants. Um, we we've just actually taken seven villas, taken over seven villas from the owner there um in the last few few weeks that that are really impressive. four and five bed villas uh newly built. It's really really really high quality product. Um but again um as it's a developing market the sort of value for money you can get in these places is is really really good. Um and and that sort of goes for all three of those regions I've just mentioned, Kora, Pulia and the sort of Pelpene Costa region because you know we know that that that everything the cost of everything's going up generally but at some of the rates and some of the prices I've seen for things maybe in the Algav um etc. in some of the more established markets, IBA, it's just getting crazy. And I think for people who are just looking for somewhere to go and relax and, you know, have have a good quality home to stay in and, you know, go to local restaurants, down to the beach, maybe play some golf, um, you know, these these are really really good options. Now, I'm not I'm not saying by any stretch of the imagination they're cheap, but they're certainly very good value in the context of wider Europe. I think I've noticed um definitely the last three four years people are doing sort of one week of you know go crazy you know they spend whatever they want to spend and then actually you know for a good chunk of their summer where they it's probably a postcoid theme but after they sort of had that sort of go week you know go crazy week somewhere like IA or Sanrope they then sort of want to settle in somewhere for a little bit into a home away from home relax in somewhere somewhere relatively new and I think Greece to me seems to be on you know on a really good trajectory. It's really interesting. There's loads of great product being built and made um as we said with comport as well down in Portugal. I think people are you know eyes wide open to new destinations. It's exciting though. >> Yeah. No, it's very exciting. you know, as a business, um, you know, it's important for us to cover those major destinations or and have access there, but equally, um, you know, I'm very interested, um, personally, but also in the context of the business of of being the sort of market principle in these new destinations because I think, um, you know, they're they're not quite there yet or a bit underdeveloped and they don't have that platform to market that we could perhaps give to them or give to the homeowners, give to the destination. And you know, one of the important things is that you know, as I say, I spend a lot of time in these places. And you know, I would I wouldn't take the business anywhere that I didn't necessarily believe in myself. So, you know, I like to go and experience, you know, what's around, what is there to do, is it somewhere people are going to want to come um before we actually sort of make a move into the market and start speaking to homeowners there. So I think you know the everything that we're looking at um you know always comes from the right place and you know we we hear we we work on personal recommendations on both sides of our business and if somebody says to me oh you know you need to go and try out this place check this place out then then we do and you know Pulio is a great example of that you know we had some requests for Pulia two years ago and I said well maybe we go and have a look and see if somewhere we want to to work and you know I really liked what I saw so there's a reason why why why we ended up going down that route. >> Such a common theme between our businesses. You know, we're the same as you know, like we spent that week with you down in Capora again this year just to make sure we're really familiar and understand another market. Uh, and I think I don't think a lot of people are going out there and spending a lot of time seeing and experiencing new things, but I feel like when James and I feel like we live in an airport because we're going to and from somewhere to see something. Um, it's a massive similar similarity between our businesses for sure. Well, thanks. >> Yeah. Well, likewise and really enjoyed it and um you know, obviously it's always a pleasure to to do stuff with you guys and you know, I look forward to doing more in the future. >> Just a quick question just in summary just so people could know because you know we're getting inundated with inquiries at the moment. I think what's really impressive with you and your business is the sheer you know the sheer global presence of all your destinations. just quickly summarize all the areas that you cover because it is seriously impressive. >> Yeah. And you know, obviously we're we're growing all the time. Um and you know, we have we have to keep up the demand. Um but you know, we're a lot of the core markets in in Europe. So uh Marba obviously in southern Spain in in the Boleric Islands we we have Morca and IA um south of France we we obviously were very strong in Sanrope but all along the co deser um you know all of those sonjon caparat we're very strong um and then Portugal was where we started out we do a lot on the west coast um just north of Lisbon obviously compora the algav um down in Italy we have we have some lovely houses in Sardinia uh in Tuscanyany and obviously Pulia as well. Um, and then now in in Greece and in the sort of west west coast m mainland of Greece. Um, and then wider we we we do plenty in in Barbados in the Caribbean. And you know, I think, you know, we will continue to sort of move into into those exciting new destinations as they crop up. But but as you say, you know, James, we are very global in what we do. And you know, we're looking at the moment for next year at places like Cape Town. Again, very very popular during the the the winter. Um, it's worth mentioning we we do also also do some winter stuff in places like Corvel, Verbier for for ski shalets. Um, again, very important market for for our European customers during during the winter time. Um, and you know, I think we're we're sort of very focused but equally, you know, focused in the right places. So, you know, I think we we've got a really good selection of of destinations for our clients. We won't always be able to serve everybody. Um but but we do feel we we capture the the right sort of cortile of of our market. >> From where can people find you mate? Where can they find more information? >> So uh we're albony-global.com. Um we we've got a brand new website actually launching uh in about four weeks which is we're really looking forward to. Uh it's going to be great place to showcase some of the fantastic homes we have. It's going to be very user friendly for for owners and and for guests. Um, obviously Instagram as well, Albony Global on there and I'm sure people will be able to find me in in all of the other places they they want to as well. >> Yes, the Instagram is there with the best looking has the best imagery, so it's easy to find, isn't it? >> Well, it's it's the most representative imagery of the the houses that we have. So, yeah. No, but it's um Yeah, absolutely. Well, thanks again, guys. Really enjoyed that. >> Cool. Thank you, mate. >> All right, guys. Thank you very much. Um, that's it. >> Like, share, and subscribe. >> Yeah, like, share, and subscribe. Sweet.

- Luxury Concierge Service vs. Property Management: Which One Do You Need?: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Anthea Walker owner of aw concierge and today we're talking about the difference between a property manager and a concierge property managers are more task oriented and for concierge even though we are task oriented we really specialize in the personal relationship with each client our concierge stand out because they're able to assess the client's property and they also assess them the client needs they will see things that a client doesn't see and pretty much our concierge are an extension of of our clients they know what the client wants their desires and they fulfill those needs for them without them even asking for what I know of the property manager is they do a percentage of the monthly income or yearly income of the client's home our structure is two different packages it can be monthly and we also have an hourly add-on component for clients that may need additional services I really think that it's about the personal connection every client that has signed on with aw we have vetted them like they are vetting us and we need to know that it's a good fit when we're going into your home which is your personal space we need to know that there's a trust value that you know that we're going to do a good job whether you're there or not we're giving you peace of mind and the gift of time and that's something you can't pay for that's something that I don't know if a property manager can give you but I know that when my team shows up we're going to show up and we're going to go above and beyond and if it's midnight if it's 7 A.M in the morning we're here for you and that's why I love the fact that our concierge and our clients have a relationship that they have those weekly meetings that they're checking in to make sure is there anything else that we can do for you what else do you need that we can make your life easier because we have busy professionals every single one of our clients are busy professionals how we enhance in their life and it's about how can we make their life better and what we do and that's what keeps us moving and grinding every day and giving the best service to our clients [Music] when we meet a client they're usually coming in with the property most people don't know what they need and we don't know what you need because we don't know your life so when we sit down and we assess okay this is your property what is your lifestyle how do you live are you in Florida is this your second home is this your third home that's when we tend to know the direction of that client that's when we know okay they just need property management and we're going to send a concierge once a week to your home do a 30 point check on your property inside out and we're good but then the clients we realize okay we're going to do that but you need a personal assistant so we're going to connect you with one you need a hairstylist because you do a lot of videos for your company we're going to connect you we look at your life and see who do we know or what can we do to make your life easier and that's when we know if you need a concierge versus you know you probably just need a management company but even with that we can still come in and do it as as minimal or as much for you there's no limits on what we can do and if you don't have time for a relationship that's okay too we'll still label the service for you foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @miriamb1904 [1 likes]: Hi Anthea, great video. I’m based in UK and wondering if you can help with setting up what to include to monthly package for the client. (Working hours, price, etc… What’s your best suggestion to include? Many thanks

- Luxury apartment tenants ask: Where's the luxury?: Kind: captions Language: en WHY WHY THE WHY THE PROMISES WHY THE PROMISES ARE WHY THE PROMISES ARE OFTEN WORTHLESSMENT. >> >> APARTMENTS >> APARTMENTS WITH >> APARTMENTS WITH HEALTH >> APARTMENTS WITH HEALTH CLUBS, STAINLESS STAINLESS APPLIANCES, STAINLESS APPLIANCES, AND GRANITE GRANITE ARE GRANITE ARE THE GRANITE ARE THE RAGE GRANITE ARE THE RAGE WITH MILLENNIALS MILLENNIALS IN MILLENNIALS IN TEXAS. TENANTS TENANTS IN TENANTS IN ONE TENANTS IN ONE CAM TENANTS IN ONE CAM COMPLEX SAYING, SAYING, HEY, SAYING, HEY, WHAT SAYING, HEY, WHAT HAPPENED SAYING, HEY, WHAT HAPPENED TO WHAT WHAT WE WHAT WE WERE WHAT WE WERE PROMISED. >> THERE'S >> THERE'S SUPPOSED >> THERE'S SUPPOSED TO >> THERE'S SUPPOSED TO BE >> THERE'S SUPPOSED TO BE A FITNESS FITNESS CENTER, FITNESS CENTER, A FITNESS CENTER, A COFFEE FITNESS CENTER, A COFFEE BAR. >> Reporter: >> Reporter: THIS >> Reporter: THIS IS >> Reporter: THIS IS THE UNFINISHED UNFINISHED COMMUNITY UNFINISHED COMMUNITY CENTER UNFINISHED COMMUNITY CENTER SIX MONTHS MONTHS AFTER MONTHS AFTER MOST MONTHS AFTER MOST MOVED MONTHS AFTER MOST MOVED IN. >> EVERYTHING >> EVERYTHING ELSE >> EVERYTHING ELSE IS >> EVERYTHING ELSE IS FINISHED. >> Reporter: TENANTS >> Reporter: TENANTS COULD >> Reporter: TENANTS COULD HAVE MOVED MOVED TO MOVED TO OTHER MOVED TO OTHER COMPLEXES MOVED TO OTHER COMPLEXES IN MOVED TO OTHER COMPLEXES IN THE AREA AREA FOR AREA FOR LESS AREA FOR LESS MONEY. THEY THEY CHOSE THEY CHOSE THIS THEY CHOSE THIS ONE THEY CHOSE THIS ONE FOR THEY CHOSE THIS ONE FOR THE LUXURY LUXURY FEATURES, LUXURY FEATURES, LIKE LUXURY FEATURES, LIKE THIS LUXURY FEATURES, LIKE THIS POOL THAT THAT THEY'VE THAT THEY'VE YET THAT THEY'VE YET TO THAT THEY'VE YET TO BE THAT THEY'VE YET TO BE ABLE THAT THEY'VE YET TO BE ABLE TO ENJOY. >> AND >> AND WE >> AND WE WERE >> AND WE WERE TOLD >> AND WE WERE TOLD WE >> AND WE WERE TOLD WE WOULD HAVE HAVE A HAVE A FITNESS HAVE A FITNESS CENTER. WE WE WERE WE WERE TOLD WE WERE TOLD WE WE WERE TOLD WE WOULD WE WERE TOLD WE WOULD HAVE WE WERE TOLD WE WOULD HAVE A POOL. THERE THERE WAS THERE WAS GOING THERE WAS GOING TO THERE WAS GOING TO BE THERE WAS GOING TO BE A THERE WAS GOING TO BE A DOG THERE WAS GOING TO BE A DOG RUN. A A COMMUNITY A COMMUNITY GARDEN. AND AND A AND A BIKE AND A BIKE STORAGE. >> Reporter: ALL >> Reporter: ALL THE >> Reporter: ALL THE FEATURES APPEAR APPEAR ON APPEAR ON THE APPEAR ON THE COMPLEX'S APPEAR ON THE COMPLEX'S WEBSITE. THE THE APARTMENTS THE APARTMENTS RENT THE APARTMENTS RENT FOR THE APARTMENTS RENT FOR AROUND $1400. WHAT AMENITIES WHAT AMENITIES DO WHAT AMENITIES DO YOU WHAT AMENITIES DO YOU HAVE WHAT AMENITIES DO YOU HAVE HERE? . >> NOTHING. NOTHING. >> Reporter: THERE'S >> Reporter: THERE'S A >> Reporter: THERE'S A WARNING TO TO ALL TO ALL RENTERS. DON'T DON'T SIGN DON'T SIGN A DON'T SIGN A LEASE DON'T SIGN A LEASE BASED DON'T SIGN A LEASE BASED ON PROMISES PROMISES OF PROMISES OF AMENITIES PROMISES OF AMENITIES OR REPAIRS. ASK ASK FOR ASK FOR A ASK FOR A WAY ASK FOR A WAY OUT ASK FOR A WAY OUT IF ASK FOR A WAY OUT IF THE PROMISES AREN'T PROMISES AREN'T FULFILLED. >> I >> I WANT >> I WANT IT >> I WANT IT DONE >> I WANT IT DONE OR >> I WANT IT DONE OR I >> I WANT IT DONE OR I WANT COMPENSATION. >> Reporter: BOTTOM >> Reporter: BOTTOM LINE, >> Reporter: BOTTOM LINE, BE WARE WARE OF WARE OF PROMISES WARE OF PROMISES WHEN WARE OF PROMISES WHEN IT WARE OF PROMISES WHEN IT COMES TO MOVING TO MOVING IN. UNLESS UNLESS YOU UNLESS YOU HAVE UNLESS YOU HAVE IT UNLESS YOU HAVE IT IN UNLESS YOU HAVE IT IN WRITING,

  Top Comments:
  1. @fake734 [3 likes]: People are freaking stupid !
  2. @MsChichi93 [2 likes]: Why move in when it's not done. Might take years now. And is it a necessity? Rich white people problems?

- 15 Mind BLOWING Social Media Tips For Airbnb Marketing: Kind: captions Language: en Do you want more Airbnb bookings without paying for ads? Do you want your Airbnb to go viral without having to dance in front of it? Well, then this video is for you. I've tested every single type of social media strategy out there and have grown over a 100,000 followers on multiple platforms. And there are 15 tips and tricks that I have for you that actually drive more bookings and more virality. From editing hacks to growth hacks to everything in between, I'm going to cover it all. And trust me, all 15 of them are going to give you the value you're looking for and give you more bookings. Let's turn your short-term rental to a long-term success. Hey everyone, my name is Garrett Brown. I'm the resident Bigger Pockets STR expert and a short-term rental investor myself. I've had several short-term rentals go viral online many times. We've grown over a 100,000 followers between multiple platforms and we do about 75% direct bookings. I also went to school for hotel management and specialized in marketing. So, when I say that marketing is a huge piece of this, I'm not lying because I've proven it. So, if you're excited to learn more about social media marketing for your Airbnb, please hit subscribe below so I know that this content is actually what you want. Leave a comment below and I'll make more videos like this going forward. If you don't comment or like it and let me know, then I'm going to think that this isn't the topic that y'all actually want. But y'all blew up the last video, so I'm pretty sure this is things that y'all want to learn. So, without further ado, let's get into it. Number one, this is a great one. It's a brand new feature from Instagram. They have something called trial reels. Now, posting a trial reel guarantees that your video is going to be shown to nonfollowers. It will not go to anybody that follows you. It only goes to nonfollowers. It's a great way to test content and see if it's actually going to perform on your page. But what I personally do when I'm posting a new video is I post the video on my page with the caption and then I copy the caption and then I take that same video and post a trial reel at the same time. I don't even care about the performance cuz I'm analyzing that all the time. We're posting seven times a week on my pages. But posting that trial reel with the regular guarantees you're probably going to get at least a,000 2,000 people that were never going to see your place before. It's guaranteed to get eyeballs that don't follow you and keep bringing in more post-trial reels. I promise you it's going to be one of the smartest things you do. Number two, these are free content creator exchange stays is what I like to call them. You know, there's paid content creators out there and that I can make a whole video about that, but I don't believe that is the perfect way for success. It kind of depends on your level. One of my favorite things to do is to have content creators come stay on Mondays or Tuesdays. The more unique your place is, the easier this is. So, keep in mind of what your target demographic is when you're looking at some of these food and travel content creators. but reach out and see if any of them want to come on a Sunday, Monday, or Tuesday when you're probably not going to be booked anyways. And then you get somebody in your property to help make content, but then also give you feedback if something's a little off and they're not a paying guest, so they're not going to leave you a bad review or something along those lines. It's just a good practice to get into. You'll get content from them. Ask for B-roll that you can post on your page. Ask them to post a collaboration post on Instagram. And I've had some people with just a couple thousand followers go viral with their videos and get half a million views. And the only thing you're out is the cleaning fee. And you can get your cleaner some extra reps and like really understand, especially when you're just starting out with a new property. My third tip is do not run any paid ads until you've had an organic post at least go semiviral. You know, 50 to 100,000 views or beyond that. Why this makes sense is you can make ads to your blue in the face on Facebook, Google, wherever you want, Tik Tok, any of those places. You don't know if that ad's going to perform well. You could be burning through money. The paid ad algorithm works just the same as the organic algorithm. If a post does really, really well organically, it's going to make an amazing ad, too. Every single time I've posted any of my millionviewed reels on Instagram as a paid ad, it is one of the most highest performing ads I have on Meta. I'm not going to get into the nitty-gritty of ads on this video. If you want me to, you know, let me know in the comments and I will. But just don't go burning your money through paid ads. You should be focusing on organic content that performs well, then transition to paid ads. My fourth tip, which will help you get better organic content, the one thing I will say pay highly and pay well for is getting some very high quality vertical video footage, you know, from a videographer and drone footage. Pay them one time. pay them 1,500, a,000, 2,000, whatever. What, as long as they're amazing, and tell them you want all the, you know, B-roll, raw footage content that you can get. Take that package of content. Find an editor on Fiverr or Upwork or you use Cap Cut yourself. Then you'll have amazing content to go forward all the rest of the year. I filmed some on my cell phone before. It came out great. You know, not as good as these professional videographers, but it's a one-time thing that you really only have to do once a year or even once every couple years. And then you just have the best quality footage going forward to give your reals and Tik Toks a better chance of going viral. Don't skip out on that. Number five, please, for the love of God, stop posting pictures all the time on your Instagram. Stop it. Let me hold your hand while I tell you this. Your photos are not going to get anywhere the amount of reach as if you posted a real or Tik Tok. If you look at anybody's profile that is actually growing, if you look go look at mine for one of my properties, Cameron Ranch Glamping, we pretty much exclusively post 95% Instagram reels. We post maybe once a month with pictures, maybe twice a month, just because those serve your followers. Instagram reels and Tik Toks when I'm, you know, I'm talking about Instagram right now. Photos on Tik Tok do okay. It's a whole another thing. But please, I have people all the time reach out like, "Oh, why am I not growing on Instagram? Like, look, what's wrong?" And I go to their page and it's nothing but photos. And I go, "Yeah, post more reels. I'd rather see you post badly done reels than a bunch of really nice photos." Just telling you from experience, the photos do not get the reach that you think. Photos are for the online travel agencies and your direct booking website. Great high quality photos, I'm not against one bit. You need those. But when we're talking social media only, telling you stick with the videos. Number six, you need text on the screen of your videos the second the video starts that pops up and says who it's for and where it's at. All my most successful videos that have popped up have said couples retreat near Houston, Texas. Romantic getaway near Austin, Texas. A one-of-a-kind mirror house near Houston, Texas. Like I'm always saying like who it's for and where it's at on the very first screen. Do not only just put up a video. You need text on all these videos, too. Multiple visual elements for people to start to analyze as they're scrolling on phone and just like kind of mindlessly going. You're going to have to stop them with really cool drone footage of your most unique part of your property and then some texts saying like, "Wow, I'm looking for a couple's retreat and I'm I'm near Houston, Texas. I I got to stay and watch it." So, without a doubt, my highest performing ones always have text on the screen. Number seven, copy what's viral. Once or twice a month, go into some of your competitors and see what their highest performing videos have done. Copy some of their text, copy their ideas. Like, I'm sure they got those ideas from somewhere else. It's all imitation is the biggest form of flattery. And especially in marketing, like you're not going to be able to reinvent the wheel every time with it. Don't be afraid to lean on what other competitors have had become successful. and then you can take a piece of it for yourself in your videos. Number eight, never boost any of your post through your phone. If you do want to run paid ads, please, for the love of God, do not boost your post on Instagram or run a Tik Tok ad through your phone. If you're using an iPhone, Apple is going to search charge you about 20% on top of that. and just how the algorithms and how their ads work. You are not going to have the reach that you're hoping for if you do not go into their business suite for the app that you're talking about, Meta Business Suite or Tik Tok business suite, and run the ads through there. You only should do it though when you've had a viral organic post first. Number nine, do a giveaway with a discount code with Minihat. So, Minihat is a is a software automation that can go into Instagram specifically. You've probably seen it before when someone has a post and they're like, "Comment the word XYZ and I'll send you the link." That's Minihat. That is the company that does that. You're able to give away discount codes. One of my most viral posts that we've had before, we said, "Comment the word couples." We'll send you a 10% discount code with a link to book. And so, comment couples. Mini chat will reply to them and then send them the code automatically depending on what platform. So, they only really integrate with Instagram so far, but we've tricked some ways of doing this on Tik Tok, but when we send the message out, if it's on Instagram, we give them the code, it's Insta 10 or IG10, and if it's on Tik Tok, it's Tik Tok 10. If it's on Facebook, it's FB10. Then we have a better sense of where they're coming from. Attribution is one of the hardest things in marketing for a million reasons of like where exactly this person learned about you from and and put it in their brain. Number 10, you can schedule social media posts. There's tons of apps out there. Hootswuite and tons of different ones that will schedule them for you. You can sit down on Sunday if you don't want to hire somebody to do this and schedule out your post. I use something called Buffer. It's pretty cheap. I think 20 bucks a month now and it'll post all on Tik Tok, Facebook, Instagram, multiple channels all at once the same video. It's very easy process and will save you a bunch of time. Number 11 is run a giveaway every quarter or so at least. Giveaways tend to have the most viral reach. It's debatable on if if you're getting the right audience that really cares about the product and isn't just trying to win a free stay, but most of the time where I've had a viral video with an influencer or some of my own that did pretty well, we've done a giveaway again. Just make it where they can't stay on weekends, can't stay on holidays, one night, don't let them reschedu 6 months, they have to claim it. Like these are the rules that we always do and it usually works out fine. I do the same process with them. Collect security deposits, get their ID, and most of the time it works out fine. hasn't been my most viral videos, but they usually hit about double of what my average is on a typical video. And if they're coming stay on a Monday, again, it's another person that can give you feedback on the place that isn't a paying guest. So, if there's something a little wrong that they're catching, you don't have to worry about getting slammed in a review, which I'm sure me and you both love not having to worry about like, is this guest going to leave me a terrible review for something out of my control? Number 12, optimize your link tree. have a link tree in your bio for Tik Tok and Instagram, especially if you have multiple places. I have one for my direct booking and it's the second link cuz my first link is they can click to win 10% off signing up for our newsletter. So, I'm trying to capture their email quickly while they're on my link tree. People check their emails all the time. But right under that, I have a book direct and save money or save fees. I can't remember the exact language right now. And then under those, I have my Airbnb links. So, I give people multiple options. I tell them where the cheapest prices are. I have them on my page. I'm collecting the email, which is super important to do to get a real email. But I still have a lot of people go book through Airbnb even though we have a great reputation, reviews on Google, and all that now. So, I think people just like the comfort of Airbnb. So, have it have it optimized, have multiple ways for people to book, but let them know that the cheapest rate's going to be on your direct booking site if you have that. Number 13 is set up Instagram auto replies. There's a way that you can go into your settings, set it up that people can ask a few common questions like, "How do I book? What are the prices?" Things like that, and it will your Instagram will send it an instant reply back. So, you don't have to waste your time with some of the ones that we always get. You'll be shocked at how many people ask, "How do I book?" when it's like you just go to the bio and click the link cuz anybody would guess. You'll be shocked at like how hard they make some things on themselves. So, make it easy on yourself and have Instagram auto replies on. Number 14, this is a really cool one, a little more niche. If you're using an iPhone, you can go into your keyboard and do what's called text replacement. So, I when I first started, I used to use this. Now, I use I have a couple assistants and I use more automation, but I would have links to each of my property and you can go in on your keyboard and I would have So, for my geodome, I think I did like go like two like as one word. So, anytime I typed GO2 on my phone, it would get replaced like through the iPhone software with a big long message that says like, "Oh, thank you so much for your interest in our Geodoo. It cost $299 plus per night on weekdays and goes up. Let us know if you have any question. Here's the direct link to book." So, every time people would send me like, "Hey, I want to book your Geodome." I wouldn't have to go copy this message from somewhere or or go type it out. I would just hit go one or go two, whatever it was, and then it would change that text and then I could just send it right to them. So, it's a pretty quick way, especially if you don't have a lot of automations or team built in. And the last one, 15. This I without a doubt can attest to because I've just done so much content. Nighttime and twilight videos, even if they don't look as good as the daytime ones, actually perform better. Most of my most viral videos have been a twilight shot or a nighttime shot with, you know, LED signs and and the hot tub lights and solar lights and string lights and all the little like really cool things that I could put into it. But those videos always do better. The content might not even look as good. You'll watch it as a creator and go, "Oh, the daytime just looks better." But for some reason, I don't make the algorithm. I don't make people's minds. Nighttime and twilight just performs better. So, make sure you're getting some highquality vertical video for those times as well going forward. That's my list. It's quick 15. I could go on for hours about this kind of stuff. So, if you want a part two or just want to pick my brain on anything specific, let me know in the comments. Please subscribe if you made it this long. And I think YouTube wants you to watch one of these videos right there. Happy hosting everyone.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Crescitaly_com [1 likes]: This is the kind of content that changes how you think. At Crescitaly, we're committed to sharing ideas that help you grow. 🎯
  2. @DanishNawaz-n7s5g: Wow.amazing video
  3. @Magitract: I don't have the trial feature
  4. @UniquelyCharleston: 😅
  5. @sarahg7102: Thank you for saying all the things I needed to hear, but wasn’t ready to accept!
  6. @SteveWerner-yv5td: Great information!
  7. @vqview: Part 2!
  8. @sushmitabiswas817: these tips are fire, gonna try them out
  9. @Raheelhassan261: yo this is super helpful, thanks!
  10. @torex1122: finally some real advice for hosts 🙌
  11. @Deen.Vision.Official: i never thought of using tiktok for my airbnb
  12. @tersonika4327: Love this! The tips are practical, and with CS Outsource’s support, I’m ready to implement them into my strategy!
  13. @priyaradhakrishnalover: wow i need to try some of these for my place
  14. @purelyoriginal1690: This is exactly what I needed! CS Outsource has made optimizing my Airbnb operations so much easier, and I’m excited to try these tips.
  15. @biologicalk: really liked the part about turning guests into fans
  16. @moviesclips1m: this is super helpful, never thought of these tips
  17. @NazA-nj4no: these hacks are game changers for sure 🙌
  18. @UmairKYvlogs1: wow never thought about social media like this
  19. @Naeemalisid-v5b: really cool ideas, thanks for sharing 😄
  20. @MoGuHo: Fantastic tips! CS Outsource has been super helpful, and now I feel ready to boost my Airbnb’s social media presence.

- Drive More Business: How to Make Sure Your Website and Ads Are Seen by the Right People: Kind: captions Language: en hey this is Jeff user here with luxury Reynolds and Str Str digital uh our digital marketing agency and today I'm talking to you about PA Luxury Rentals yes that's our brand actually luxury rentals.com we've acquired since so we have to change our sign just put it up and excuse me if you hear all the noise but that's kind of the point of this video uh when I was looking to get an office for PA luxury rental luxury rentals.com and our marketing agency I was looking for a place that had what traffic right it's so important in a business it's important with a website that you're in a position where people actually find you drive by you see you so hey I'm going to walk this way there's people walking um but right here is where we're at we're at a corner of a pretty whoa goes downhill busy intersection here and there's traffic driving by here we also have our sign out on this main road so I have a sign on each of the corners for palux rentals.com and why is it important where at right here well the people that happen to drive by and right now there's not a trolley but countless trolleys throughout the day drive by here what's a trolley it's uh the Hershey trolley so for us with our brand with Luxury Rentals with PA Luxury Rentals we're looking to be in front of tourists right just like I have a website it needs to be something it is loud here we're going to walk this way that's a good thing it's kind of the point of the video but why you have a website is you want to have traffic go buy it qualified prospects Joel follow me my son's on video we're here at the corner uh heading right into Hershey by the way I don't know if you can see the most famous landmark in Hershey is or are the stacks if you can see those Stacks I'm not sure we're also by the Hershey Country Club in case you haven't noticed there's some gentlemen right there that are about to come right by our sign Hershey Country Club represents the most affluent people in the area they have the most money generally when you're a part of a country club also so we've got the traffic from people just going by here I don't know how many tens of thousands of cars a day we have the other thing we have are the trolleys I talked to you about literally we were going to shoot this video about an hour ago we watched uh trolley after trolley I think they shut down for the day go through here with tourists and most of those and my son could attest are very full if not maxed out right now so we probably if I were to run numbers how many trol you didn't go buy here in a day like every 15 minutes 20 okay so let's say 20 a day um there's at least 20 rows in it that would hold four so let's see let's just go with 60 people a day uh 60 people per trolley times at least 20 it's probably more than that that's like 1,200 people a day coming by here at least who are tourists who are actually paying to be at Hershey then we have our friendly golfer friends here how's the round going it's going all right going all right it's good day to be out yes hey you got to talk to the traffic that goes by too right uh you got to have a website that collects the data um you've got to build a brand that's engaging and interactive and it's got to be positioned in in the right place so uh just a quick video on branding uh and what we can do for your business so I also wanted to just share the Strategic reasons of why I chose this location to put an office it's office space great but the signage I get in front of an affluent crowd is amazing these people all a lot of business owners are here that need to have rentals right so I'm not just looking to Market on Facebook and those types of places I'm looking at where is the traffic who would want to rent our properties where is the traffic who would want to hire our digital agency where is the traffic if I sell beef which I sell beef how do I get in front of those people and you can see right now just an example of why we chose to office right here I will pay for this office and actually be very profitable with this office it's not necessarily going to be an expense on my costs it will be an expense but I expect to see an Roi of 10x of what my rent is by the business that we get by being positioned right here in front of the trolleys that run by I don't know how many there's 3.2 million tourists a year here in Hershey we're going to get bookings there are people on the country club driving by here who are business owners we're going to get bookings there are people who own short-term rentals that need a marketing agency to help them get direct bookings we're going to get bookings here's a trolley Hunt Target how many rows are there so I'm not exaggerating you can go to them one 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 so we're going to go 12 rows we've got uh we wave they on camera they're not waving back so 12 rows times uh so you got 12 rows times four people 48 people so 50 a bus times as many as we said so there's a lot of trolleys that go here throughout the day all tourists I want them to look at that PA luxury rental is my sign there I have an office here yes but I picked the place where qualified traffic goes by you've got to do the same thing with your website you've got to do it in your business if you don't you're the one of those businesses that go out of business so quick video on why I chose this location as an office great we get work here and we get work done here sorry um but really I'm going to pay for my office and make a profit with an office not many people you meet will ever have that type of strategy but that's what we're going to do for you in your business whether you're working with us in Luxury Rentals or Str Str digital so smash that like button as my son says if there is a like button and I'll see you on the next video thanks a lot

- The BEST Marketing Tips For Your Rental Properties!: Kind: captions Language: en - Attention all property managers and real estate enthusiasts. Welcome back to our channel. Today, we have an exciting video topic to discuss, effective strategies for marketing your rental properties. Whether you're a seasoned pro or just getting started in the industry, we've got some valuable insights to share with you when it comes to marketing rental properties. It's all about attracting the right tenants and showcasing the unique qualities of your properties. So grab a pen and paper because we're about to dive into some actionable strategies that'll help you maximize your rental properties' exposure and attract quality tenants. By the end of this video, you'll be armed with a toolkit of effective marketing strategies that will set your rental properties apart from the competition and attract tenants who are eager to call them home. So without further ado, let's get started. (bell tones ring) Number one, high-quality listing photos and videos. Invest in professional photography and create visually appealing videos to showcase the property. Highlight the key features and make sure the images accurately represent the property. Number two, compelling property descriptions. Write detailed and engaging property descriptions that highlight the unique selling points, such as amenities, location advantages, and any recent renovations or upgrades. Number three, online listing platforms. Utilize popular online listings sites, such as Zillow, Trulia, apartments.com, and more to reach a wide audience. Make sure your listings are complete, up-to-date, and optimized with relevant keywords. And a big one, social media marketing. Leverage social media platforms like Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter to promote your rental properties. Share visually appealing content, engage with potential tenants, and use targeted advertising to reach specific demographics. Local advertising. Advertise in local newspapers, magazines, community bulletin boards, and real estate publications. Consider placing ads in local businesses or sponsoring community events to increase your visibility. Word-of-mouth referrals. Encourage satisfied tenants to spread the word about your rental properties to their friends, family, and colleagues. Offer referral incentives or discounts to entice them to refer potential tenants. Virtual tours and 360-degree videos. In this digital age, virtual tours and 360-degree videos have become increasingly popular. Offer tours of your rental properties to allow prospective tenants to explore the space remotely. Targeted marketing. Identify your target audience such as students, young professionals, families, or retirees and tailor your marketing efforts accordingly. For example, if your property is near a university, advertise to students through university bulletin boards or online platforms popular among students. Online reviews and testimonials. Encourage satisfied tenants to leave positive reviews and testimonials on relevant platforms such as Google My Business, Yelp, or your website. Positive reviews can significantly enhance the credibility and desirability of your rental properties. Professional networking. Build relationships with local real estate agents, relocation specialists, and corporate housing providers. They can refer potential tenants to your properties or collaborate on marketing efforts. Remember, consistency, responsiveness, and professionalism are crucial throughout the entire marketing process. Promptly respond to inquiries, address concerns, and provide accurate information so that you build trust with potential tenants. And if you're looking for an all-in-one platform to help you streamline your rental property and property management business, be sure to check out DoorLoop today. Thank you so much for watching this video and we'll see you in the next one. (gentle music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @brookcalhoon9482: Thank you!

- Marketing For Short Term Rentals That Actually Works (Google Ads For Airbnbs): Kind: captions Language: en You' have been trying to figure out how to Market your Airbnb VRBO any other of the acronyms out there booking.com or even your direct booking website one of the best places by far is on Google one of the biggest questions I get quite often on this channel and if you're new please hit subscribe and if you're back again for another time welcome back welcome back welcome back welcome back but I figured I would make a video cuz I have not really dove into it quite as much as I feel like I should should have about Google ads with short-term rentals if you haven't seen my video where I cover almost every single type of marketing you can do for short-term rentals I will link it in the description and hopefully I remember to put it right here and you can see quite a few different ways but without a doubt one of the biggest requests from that video was explaining more about Google ads so I figured I would stay on the you know small edits videos for right now CU that's I see my other videos doing pretty well on it I think y'all kind of like the transparency sometimes just getting into the numbers is what y'all want to hear so I'll quit babbling on Please Subscribe if you haven't that's the only Babble I'll do right there first step is you obviously need some type of Google account this also comes next to if you have a direct booking website perfect you're already ready to go if you only have an Airbnb link I highly highly suggest that you make some type of very basic met uh landing page you can make one off GoDaddy Wix any of those website creators out there I'm sure Squarespace has one and this will allow you to run run ads to your own page gather information from some of this tracking and you'll be able to link your Airbnb directly from there people can go in and book it that way you don't have to have your own direct booking website necessarily but you have a landing page from these Google ads that people will go to get more information see all the different types of things about your property or properties and then you can just send them to Airbnb right from there and they'll be able to book that way but these ads can definitely step in for you as well I do mainly glamping advertisings right now and I do done that for quite a few different people in my own site quite a bit I personally spend about $500 to $600 a month on Google ads and the return is usually I get at least three to four bookings out of that which usually have a value I think our average value is about $766 per booking so you can do the math on that how that actually comes back to it and I asked the guests how they heard about us that's the only way you can get a lot of this information and Google seems to be at the very top besides social media social media seems to be winning but Google a second under it on the amount of people that see us and why they end up booking our place so just some background on that if you're you know if you say you don't have a glamping site there's still some principles I'll go over that will be able to help you figure out how you're going to set up your first campaign and if you have any bigger questions let me know in the comments and I'll dive into you know more about it and see what I can help with next time that may be a better you know feel for it or if you want to book a Consulting call let me know in the comments hit me on Instagram or there's a 15minute free consult a that you can book in the description as well with me we can talk about some quick goals and see what may be the best plan of attack for you to you know help make some of this possible for you so sorry no more no more going off so I'm going in you get your Google ads account set up you have a Google a Gmail you'll hit new campaign what we're going to do here is we're going to go into website traffic that's pretty much the best one by far if you have some of these conversion things pop up don't worry about it I'm not going to go into them right now now um I do have my own page views conversion set up there's a couple other little things about it that are good but for today we're just going to talk about traffic and basic websites and getting clicks to your website so then we're going to do the search um search campaign definitely always works the best in my opinion we'll type in our website and I am doing this with one hand so bear with me and then you want to name it so let's just name it uh I'm going to name it demo video for me but you should name it you know something website traffic something along those lines you know it's a traffic campaign in case you want to try other ones we're going to set our bidding to clicks I don't really recommend setting a uh you know a maximum cost per click limit but if you know you can try one out and see what works out we'll try with you know my average cost is around 43 cents per click so you might want to try 50 cents maybe or you know some people do a dollar I don't really do it I kind of just let it learn and then go from there Google Google ads do really well when you start them letting them run for you know a month or two and they learn a lot from some of the you know the behaviors that come up from different people and you'll learn a lot from that take off the Display Network you don't really want to be on that personally in my opinion people may disagree locations is one of the big things that you can do enter another location I'm an hour north of Houston Texas so I'll start you know I know a lot of the areas I'm targeting if you don't just simply go to a map somewhere in your area and look at some of these regions I definitely like when you type in something on Google one thing I really like about them is they have the dma regions I always recommend picking those it just gives a better scope of things so I pick Houston I pick all the major cities nearby Dallas you know I'm going to leave out a couple for right now I'm just doing this as a quick one to show you but these are all cities that D you know San Antonio the one of them that I leave out if you know anything about Texas you'll see one thing that I let and I do a lot of the smaller ones too like there's like Lufkin is another city near me that has its own Tyler Long View lkin dma and you know that's almost a million people there that's not too far from me those are good ones but one that I leave off that's not too far away is Austin and if you know anything about Texas you're probably wondering why I would leave off Austin Well Austin has maybe 50 glamping sites already or or cabin rental areas so I tend to not really even try to Market to them because it's I'm pretty much competing with with numerous numerous people over there as opposed to the Houston Market which definitely doesn't have as much oh it's probably under Waco yeah that's the one bont let's get bont in there and know then you can go to other um you know other states and things AI you know language pretty important you could put Spanish here for where I'm at if I wanted to um I don't you know I I do a lot of Google translating when I need to for this and it still works out pretty fine you can put Spanish in there if you want I'm going to take it out for right now I'm not a that I do a lot of Spanish marketing and it's also a big demographic for me but it's maybe I'll run one thing even I'll just kind of sparked it to myself I'll probably run its own very similar ad duplicate it run it Spanish only and see how that plays out cuz I honestly don't know the answer to that cuz I just have not done that to be completely fairly honest one thing to notice is the targeting setting you can do targeting or observation there's a little bit of difference between both of them but not all the time but some of the times when Google recommends something you usually should just kind of roll with it there's a couple things I'll show you shortly that I don't think you should um even when they tell you to increase your bid by a ton um they you know there's a different few different things there but observation is something I usually click so then we go into you know these are the audience segments you're looking to pick outdoor enthusiasts travels you know this is based on advertisers like us um you know vacation rentals camping and hiking equipment trap you know you can these are all pretty solid trips to home and home DEC home and guard so then you want to type in you know and go camping probably you know and then some of these will definitely overlap no matter what kind of property you have Travelers are always there say you have a destination area see if they have something for like beach Travelers trips to Key West you know trips to Norfolk there there's definitely some bigger ones there some of them Beach bound Travelers nighlife enthusiasts there are different segments can you can go in there they're not as extensive as they used to be um they've kind of done some changes recently and I'm exploring it some more myself at the moment this isn't as important as the keywords anyways though which we will go into shortly I'll go to the next page now we get into the keyword um this will pop up get suggestions for your ad help create my ad it's not a bad idea to just let him kind of create it and then you go in and tweak it and this is something that the copyright on your ad needs to be pretty solid and up putting with our one-of aind glamping cabins you are sure to find your reconnection with nature while never missing the luxuries of home I'm add book your get away today on our website instantly always got to add some kind of call call to action just to make them make it happen captain now I starting to get my group my keywords from my website a lot of that popped up there y near me glamping near me glamping in the Austin area nice clamping near me you can do there's different searches out there for places that do keywords Google ads does have a pretty cool tool in there that I've used a few times and use some other things called the Keyword Planner you can go into your tools section go to Keyword Planner I already have some you know drawn up here and I'll you know as you can see it shows the you type in the keyword you can add keywords here I'll just add another one so you can see by far the best one is glamping just the general keyword glamping for me Aver mes a average monthly searches is skyrocketed past a lot of people um competition is low the only thing about it is it has a little bit higher top of page bid but not not as high as some others Texas glamping you know you can be in the low range for the top of page bid at 22 cents but for Texas glamping it's a little more uh costly glamping Dome a little higher there's you know there's probably more more competition mirror house these are some of the ones that I I'm going use probably best vacation rental if you're you know if you're just if you have a regular you know lak front vacation you put lake lake home rental you know you could do um you know inner you know downtown Houston rental or you know wherever your Market is you know like family house with Game Room in Orlando like you can do these just search them and see what works best for you this is some data that's going to help help you figure out exactly what will work in your area so with that being said I'm going to put glamping glamping near Houston what else do we have on there and I could put a few more if I wanted to um and probably will but this is a good start for now cuz I don't want to bore y'all forever so then this is when they've probably already helped you write some of your ad you can kind of see the strength it's a little bit you know hit or miss here with what they do sometimes on their ads so I like some of these I don't like convenient locations near you see so I went in and changed some of these I've really been trying to push the cabins and I'm glamping uh both those keywords a lot on my on my pages some of these are not bad and I'm definitely not a copywriter by trade you can get somebody that is a copywriter to look at these and do a little better but I think these are all pretty solid and they kind of take it from my own websites I had a copywriter helped me write my website you know descriptions Cameron Ranch clamping is the Premier clamping destination you do want more descriptions and more keywords and headlines this just gives you a better chance to research it as it goes along to make adjustments and see what may work and what doesn't work I already have my um you know images that I like to use these already these were just pulled from my website but I also uploaded quite a bit I'm going to take off my house ones just cuz I don't think they do as well there's other things they're going to you know say like you know put your prices and your calls add a phone number I will add uh my business line I wouldn't be too worried about spending whatever they recommend because you need to start small I would even start with $5 a day just you can run the ad see what works see what's not working um change do some changes and you're not blowing through your budget right away so I don't recommend you have to doing anything insane let's do demo campaign it's going to go through it's going to verify some last minute [Music] things boom and it's ready to publish um add more you it's suggesting add more site links site links basically are when you add on you know different parts of your site like this display expansion which we already turned off you can try if you want I personally don't think it it helps at all but hit publish campaign usually takes a day or two to completely review and confirm it set up with a Google tag I already have a Google tag on my page um that's a little more in depth as well too the one thing I really love about Google is people that are clicking on these ads are actively searching for your things they typed in glamping they typed in vacation rentals they typed in Lakefront home on on you know Instagram and Facebook ads and things those people just probably got suggested something they don't necessarily aren't looking for it actively that moment so you have to catch them a few times at the moment or have a really good followup Google ads most of the time those people are on there actively looking for that type of thing so you know you're already already you're probably going to get a much better return on these ads and one one one reason why I love them so much because of that just simple fact right there if you have any questions let me know in the comments I probably rambled on some different parts had a couple changes probably have to edit out a few little things right there but until next time I appreciate yall watching until then peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @bethanykoehn4882 [3 likes]: I so appreciate your short and to the point informative posts as a new RV and glamping resort owner. ( Still in the building process) I'd love a video on direct booking websites. I feel overwhelmed with deciding on this.
  2. @TheBasera [1 likes]: Can i add my airbnb link directly to Google Ads without integrating it on a landing page?
  3. @indarknessiburn: Hello! I would like to book an appt with you to see how to set up Google ads. Can you help?
  4. @jojojo724: How do you deal with chargebacks with direct booking
  5. @QiaoLi-e2g: are Performance Max ads any good?
  6. @michellespiegel4086: Hi Garrett! Thank you for the great video. I would like to know more about Google ads for advertising our church. Can you help me with that?
  7. @athenssmartstay1052: 600$ spend and get only 2000$ in return (30% cost)? That's really disappointing to hear, if OTA's do the same job for me for 3%-15% commission and I don't need to do the trouble with google and advertising
  8. @Thesecretwholesaler: Great video what if I don’t want to list it on airbnb? And want to list it on my website what booking sequences or services do you recommend for my landing page

- How To Advertise Your Airbnb Or Short Term Rental With Facebook Ads: Kind: captions Language: en what if I say the best way to take control of your short-term rental business has been logged in on your computer for probably over 10 or 15 years I bet today we're going to talk about my best tips on how I get 70 of my bookings through direct bookings on my website using good old Facebook ads or meta ads whatever you want to call it nice flipping Choice what's up you short-term rental savants and glamping gurus it is Garrett Brown from the nice flipping Choice channel back with another Airbnb short-term rental whatever you want to call it because there's so many different names that you might use I made a video recently about how my geodome was booked for 80 of the first month that I launched and even better going into the second and third month a lot of this was through my own direct booking website especially through the second and third month once my ads rammed up we made about ten thousand dollars just on my geodome alone between packages added on as well like romantic and birthday packages my July month was really really good and a lot of it was because of my direct booking website I am by no means a Facebook ad expert I've just been doing a lot of Facebook ads for musicians for a lot of years I'm actually in my music studio in Houston in Texas filming right now I've read a lot on this topic I've studied a lot on it and I've had pretty good success with it overall I don't need every meta technical caring in my comments you don't know how to run the CPR corporately with the Rosa and this is not a targeted engagement I get it okay I'm working to get better every day myself on it but I do know a decent little bit and I'm going to share with you the small things that I have found out and you can implement it into your own business Journey if you like oh some nice little words right there I don't know where the Shakespearean accent came from but now I spend about a thousand dollars a month at this point on Facebook and Google ads it's a little bit of a mix it's about 700 to 800 on Facebook and about 200 to 300 per month on Google I personally think I've had way better Facebook ad success so far I need to get a better system of getting the guests to tell me where they're exactly seeing me from I try to ask it in messages sometimes answers sometimes they don't anytime I've met a guest or talk to them you know directly for a reason or we have like a decent conversation some guests will talk your ear off some guests don't want any anything to do with you so just you know take it as it comes and you can kind of feel pretty quickly how chatty they're going to be with you but I'm working on getting a better system of figuring out where people are exactly coming I can just tell by the post engagement though that between Facebook and Instagram Those ads are definitely the biggest bang for my buck I've gotten and I'm pretty confident that a lot of those bookings are coming from there so I did start with about a 500 a month budget or so like my first month or two and then because I only had one site then I've kind of built the business up I'm on my third site coming up very soon so I've increased to about a thousand dollars a month because I feel like I can justify that Roi it's pretty easy to you know explain why I have this kind of budget in place for my business all big businesses have a marketing budget but you need to have a budget set aside for it you also can get a direct booking and skip the Airbnb fees which can be from three percent or even higher or you can just roll that over into the actual advertising budget and take the same three percent that you would do in a booking add three percent into your direct bookings of hey this is going to be my marketing buffer that I'm gonna pay for whether it's you know twenty dollars forty dollars sixty dollars whatever there's a good way to figure figure out like how much you can spend that would still equal that three percent that you're going to give to Airbnb anyways and the guests will save when they're booking direct with you that's another big selling point for them the other good thing about direct bookings and running ads to your own site is you're able to get the customer information like emails and all these other things that are oh so important because Airbnb a lot of times Shields a lot of their information you can get their phone number a lot of the time but that's hard to communicate with people just directly texting them and things like that emails are better especially for your type of business you don't want to feel too personal with them you know it just kind of depends on where you're at I would hate to get a text from an Airbnb owner or something you know asking me whatever after my stay pretty sure that stays in the emails from me partner now if you're watching this I don't have to justify why a marketing budget is smart for you let's go ahead and make those direct bookings soar like an eagle bro what are you talking about man I will put a caveat to this that I do believe if you have a rather I only want to say it but like simple property which you shouldn't you should have some kind of design to it which is the standard now it seems like with Airbnb and short-term rentals this is probably going to be a little harder because the picture in the video that you have definitely draws people in before they even read the copy or the ad that you're running if you don't have an engaging image or an engaging video which will talk a little bit different about then you're probably not even going to get their attention in the first place so make sure your property is unique and make sure you have professional photography and videography and get the most eye-popping engaging video whatever you can do possibly for these ads marketing is just a big experiment pretty much in the end so I'm always trial and error experimenting starting little small ads with small batch testing which is just when you put a small budget into something so I don't blow my whole marketing Budget on a new ad that I'm trying I just I just test it out and I gauge these numbers on my own there are metrics that you can realize but that you know hey I'm not hitting this Mark with this ad it's not doing good but a lot of it is just getting that experimentation of different ads seeing what good click-through rates are you seeing what you know the amount of Impressions versus this dollar spend is and really analyzing it we're all marketing to different groups and different properties so there's no one size fits all for this you know hey you be hitting this click-through rate and this and this you know post this price per engagement or you know whatever these metrics are don't get too caught up in that run a few different ads smaller ones small trials and just and just Compare the numbers yourself and read a lot about the topic and watch a lot of other YouTube videos because I promise it's going to help you really hone in on your business and get those direct bookings coming in especially if you have an eye appealing place the first thing I do recommend though is figure out what your target direct audience is this is as simple as figuring out what age you want to Target what demographic what their interests are what region and area what gender sometimes and different things like that a lot of these things can be chosen when you are running the Facebook ad now I'm not going to show how to set up a Facebook ad because there's people that can explain it way better than me out there I'm just going to talk about the short-term rental glamping industry what are some of the Facebook ads that I'm running that I'm getting success on and an even spoiler alert I got a new one that I've been trying that's actually been killing my old one that I thought it's the one of the best ones I had been running so let me pull it up over here a hundred dollars on this ad for the week I've reached 50 000 people I've had 2 300 post engagements because which equals about a five percent click-through rate which isn't amazing but the ad has such a low cost per result which is you know how much it costs each time somebody clicks on the post or engages with it that has been running really well and for a while this was the only ad I was running so that's how I know it was killing because this was the ad predominantly running in July I set my target audience to anywhere than the three to four hour drive of my property I also came up with my own target audience and I hired someone off of Fiverr to help me even come up with more ideas for where I could hone in at my age range that is very very popular between my glamping sites is between 24 around there to about you know it started with about 35 but I think it's more into that 40 range somewhere in that pocket male and female predominantly is more females I will say so you should cater your properties to that unless you're going with a more family-friendly style glamping site and I just put in some pretty basic detailed and targeting demographics to begin with but my new one now that I have an even more refined audience has been doing even better and I will show that ad in a few minutes this one is when I had help from somebody on Fiverr I had them write an ad copy even though I wrote this ad copy myself but it all starts with that image and video first this is a post that I actually made I'm not sure if Instagram and Facebook worked better because I made this an Instagram post to begin with but as you can see it's a pretty basic copy the main thing that I tried to appeal to is I was using the word you a lot you deserve a getaway you deserve this and then I went into basically more informational things with small emojis in places and also spread it out that it looks like it's easy to read I didn't overwhelm people I didn't add too much information but I didn't add the highlight of the amenities and where exactly it's at with some quick information this ad was just to get engagement on my post though and visit my site reach out to me I do a great way of sending out simple messages back to them but now that I've gotten them to go to my site and engage with my post more and get more traffic for as little as I possibly could I have a pixel a Facebook pixel a little code you can get through your meta business suite and there's plenty of things about there just look up Facebook pixel if you have a business account you can put this code on your private site and anybody that visits that will now start getting my retarget ad which is a whole different ad whole different subset and I know and I spend more to get them to click and this is an ad that's specifically designed to get them to click and go to my website it has a book now feature all these things like that these cost more per click but you already know you have somebody kind of hooked in because they visited your site that's why I targeted to people that went to my site I get that engagement going I send them to my post I talk to them I send them to the website I put out different discount codes they follow me they build up on my social media once they visit my site and now this has went down a little bit too because Apple has limited to this with Facebook they got a little beef going on apparently but now people will keep getting ads for your place because they visited your site and it will be more once targeted to get them to click and go back to your direct site and probably incentivize them to book if they haven't already and it's worked out really well for me doing that with keeping my ad budget down with an engagement post and then bringing in an actual retarget just based off the people that had visited me using my pixel code you can pick it as an audience but now I'm gonna go into the newest post that I've done it has a six cent post per engagement so I've spent a little bit less on it I only have it at five dollars a day right now but I just cranked it up to 10. but it's got a eight percent click-through rate so far because I've added another property into it I've used some of the similar photos but the key I think for this is the more targeted interest that I got from somebody on Fiverr there's a couple extra things I added and I'll show you these so I have it in and around Houston or in Dallas at least three hours out I've added such interest as and this I have a romantic glamping site too so you have to keep that in mind my Target demographic is 23 to 40 year old male female couples male females most likely girls trips guys trips smaller romantic anniversaries are definitely our bread and butter but they have to enjoy nature and being outdoors anyways they're not looking for the five-star Ritz Carlton they want luxury but if they wanted to go stay in the Westin or whatever they would just go book it so the demographics that I was given off of extensive research from somebody that says they know what they're doing a lot and I think they do is adding hiking trails I added camping I added things like in a relationship status let's see a couple other ones REI there's a few other he gave me a suggestions that I personally didn't want to put in there because I didn't think they added benefit but I liked being able to hone in on what he was on what somebody was thinking that would be really good it only cost me about 20 bucks to do this too so it wasn't anything completely overpriced I just wanted to know extra head helping me think this ad was a little bit different I tried to keep it as more small and focused on the details information and also try to encourage people leaving comments because they could get a discount code directly sent to their DMS this one has only been running for a little bit and I just cranked it up but the results have been pretty good to begin with it's a higher percentage than one of my more higher performing ones I also included some simple emojis and some of the best parts of the property that people always ask about is it private our bookings had slowed down just a little bit in August because it's been so hot and as I just added this add-on our bookings have ramped up I don't know the direct correlation it might be that it might be the old ad but I'm gonna check into it more and ask people what exactly they saw us about like I said I'm not an expert on this topic at all this was just a quick way that I kind of set up some of my ads I've had way better luck in my personal opinion with really high quality photos than I have with some of these videos I run Instagram does a little bit better with reels and videos but I think the best way that I've found is doing some of these photos on Facebook doing a carousel having multiple photos and really appealing to the guest using you language talking about your best amenities talking about the location let me know if y'all want me to go to more detail or anything or show you how to set up an ad just let me know in the comments and I will make a video about that I just kind of want to give the run through and talk about what has actually worked for me to get a lot of direct bookings so until next time appreciate you watching all the way through peace [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MiguelLimaCDM [8 likes]: The problem with direct bookings is no insurance. Am i wrong?
  2. @ekeyederhoda9402 [1 likes]: How to setup an adds
  3. @denson28y [1 likes]: Great video! Can you share a video of you setting up a new ad from start to finish? Thanks in advance.
  4. @Hbhatti5 [1 likes]: How do you install pixel? or get facebook to understand conversions to airbnb page? Did you also run ads directly to your airbnb posting? was it useful. If you made a new site for this, were you getting bookings from the new website or directing them to airbnb?
  5. @daralhadd1424: Great stuff! Too the point
  6. @CelebBuzz-x7c: Can the add lead directly to the airbnb listing if I dont have a website?
  7. @DimmaMinds: You talk to much, without making any sense
  8. @sallyelkan6498: @denson28y Thanks for the overview.  I love the simplistic but effective approach!
  9. @ViPAPARTCRACOW.23: The same for booking? we are new! ,thank You !
  10. @EricDalv: Hi Garrett, to see where are your booking coming from you can use a pixel. A pixel is something you connect to your website to see ads date even after the lead left Facebook, these are the cookies some websites ask for it tracks the person’s status on the website, cart, checkout, purchase. I actually have a marketing agency providing meta ads for the home industry. Let me know if this massage helped you. :)
  11. @cryptogangsta9479: why don't you use discount codes to track your different acquisition channels?
  12. @Lvlupmarketing: Do you use the UTM codes and any tracking system?
  13. @eugeneking4844: What about insurance when you do direct booking because on Airbnb at least they cover you with their insurance
  14. @TkphotographySA: Sales or Traffic ads?
  15. @genesisnajera7334: Thank you for your video. Gave me an idea how I can promote rental property.
  16. @notascorsese: Great vid!!
  17. @SimplyBUtyfull: Appreciate the info. Can you make a video on location targeting? I would like  the tools to know how to target for my location.
  18. @martina_meyer: I have a listing on Airbnb and I'm currently advertising on Meta. is there a way of checking the ads conversion rate at airbnb backend? Thanks for this awesome video!
  19. @DrJoJoBoxer: Ricky Bobby.
  20. @aimattant: Great content

- How To Manage Rental Properties Yourself and Work Full-Time: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys it's Mandy welcome to my channel I want to share with you guys how I'm able to work a full-time job plus manage sixteen rental properties without a property manager I think there are three main things that a property manager does and I want to go over each of those categories and how I handle them myself so number one tenant screening and selecting new tenants this is probably the most time consuming part of having a rental property but it doesn't have to be stressful so when I have a property that's ready to be rented I will post that property on Facebook and I will also post it to the low I have another video going over exactly how I do that but from there I will direct everyone to fill out the application on cozy and I will not show anyone the property unless they filled out the application so I give them a couple days to get the application filled out and then on a day that's convenient for me I schedule the showings and I'll just schedule showings with everyone who meets my rental criteria so a good number of the applicants won't even meet my criteria and I won't contact them for a showing so I usually have about 4 or 5 applicants who meet all my criteria I will show them the property and then from there they let me know if they're really interested in renting or not and I just select basically on a first-come first-serve plus who best fit the rental criteria so kind of meet in the middle there and that's worked really really well I put a huge emphasis on previous landlord references and the thing is people don't really change that much so if they didn't take good care of their last property they're probably not gonna take care of mine and if they did take great care of their last property they'll probably take great care of mine and that seems to be how it's working out for me so pretty simple and I really honestly like being able to select my own tenon in the past we have used a property management company to select tenants for us even with all the steps they went through we just had really bad luck with the tenants that they were selecting we had a lot higher turnover and just tenants that weren't taking great care of the property so I don't really know what was going wrong there but I've had much better life selecting my own tenants number two maintenance and repairs now I think this is where a lot of new landlords get scared because they assume that they're gonna have to be handling maintenance requests all the time and that's just really not the case so I have like I said 16 properties and even with that number of properties which I know it's not a huge amount but with even with 16 I really probably get one phone call or text every two months concerning something that needs to be repaired so it's not like I'm getting a call all you know every week or every day it's really very infrequent and when I do it's just not a big deal at all so for example the very last call that I got a tenant called me and said that in his shower beat hot water when he would turn it off it wouldn't drip it wasn't shutting all the way off and so I was like okay no problem I'm gonna call the plumber and I will give him your contact information so he can get in touch with you and set up a time to come fix up my tenant says okay great thank you very much I call the plumber it's the plumber that I use every time we have a plumbing problem so he knows me and we have a really good relationship I just give him my tenants number and he goes out there and fixes it and then he just shoots me a picture of the invoice and I send him a check in the mail so it works really well and that's the relationship that I've built with each of the different contractors that we use so that's the plumber but we also have a guy that I use for like an electrician that we use for electrical problems a heat and air guy roofer a guy that works on septic tanks and cleans out you know pumps out the septic tanks and so I have a good relationship with all of the people we've used because number one I pay them on time and that's gonna be your biggest thing and and number two I'm a pretty loyal customer and as long as they do a great job for me I'm gonna use that same person every time so for me having a property manager as a middleman just isn't necessary it's it's really simple to handle maintenance request as long as you have a good relationship with the contractors that you use and also it gives me the option to fix it myself if I want to for example a couple months ago a tenant their toilet handle broke I know how to replace the toilet handle and it cost about five dollars to buy a new toilet handle at Walmart literally you go buy the handle unscrew the old one screw in the new one connect it to the little flap thing and you have a brand new handle and it works great so for five dollars I fixed that myself whereas with a property manager I probably would have had to pay more to have somebody else go over there and do it anyway I like being able to handle the repair and maintenance request myself and it's not a headache at all to do so number three collecting rent I think collecting rent should be about the least stressful thing you do and for me it is I don't ever hardly ever have to think about it I collect rent online using cozy Co and the only negative to that is it takes five business days to process the payments so you're probably gonna be getting your rent about a week later than you would be if you would just go collect it in person but you don't have to deal with going to collect it in person you don't have to deal with checks that might bounce you don't have to deal having your renters mailing the check and saying it got lost in the mail or bringing it to you it's just really easy the late fees are automatic which is nice because I have a hard time telling people oh yeah you have to pay $35 more it's a lot easier if the computer program just tells them that but possibly the only time not maybe I would have an issue is if somebody just stopped paying even then I don't know that the property manager could do a lot for that but what I do is just go to my attorney and say hey this person has to be evicted will you handle that for me and it's not I know it's not something I'm gonna handle myself even though in Arkansas you can handle it yourself pretty easily I would just go to the go-to attorney write them whatever check they wanted and tell them to handle it and I think you know that's basically all a property manager could do anyway so luckily I haven't had that situation pop up with my rental properties owner financed that's a different story we'll talk about that in another video but anyway yeah so that's how I manage my properties myself it's really easy really straightforward don't have any problems and I get a save all the money that I would be paying out to a property manager if they were doing it for me anyway guys I hope you learned something useful from this video please like it and subscribe to my channel I would love to have you guys subscribe and please write in the comments what video you want to see next anyway thanks and bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @SisterElizee [1 likes]: This video is coming from someone who likely is not a slum-lord and who uses previous landlord recommendations as a deal breaker when screening for tenants. I'm learning a-lot from this video.
  2. @paola-u8p [1 likes]: amazing information! A good property management charges 10 percent plus the comissions they get from repair people. The other type of property managers that charge 5 percent you really don't get good things. They do what they want with your property, meaning your money. They will always do the short cut that MEANS MORE MONEY FOR THEM. They do not answer all phone calls when the property is listed. The clauses in the lease are very poor and the do the lease simple leading to future problems to the landlord.
So far i haven't had a good experience with realtors or property managements that charge 5 % and sometimes with the ones that charge higher.
  3. @VidaRomano [1 likes]: I will be starting from scratch, this gave me an overview on what to do but if you have a more detailed video how to start managing properties without prior knowledge nor experience, that would be super helpful!
  4. @assuranceizevbizua6609: Thank you.
  5. @sherriswilling-fd7pd: Usually property management companies can't be selective due to Fair Housing Laws. When one applies it's taken, can't accept many applications on one unit. If it's applied to, then it's taken. Also there are different screening apps out there. Ive seen where someone moved in and I go looking up someone online due to some problems and low and behold I find some sort of background. The Screening App missed it!
  6. @eschrader: Any tips on managing an out of state property, such as showings?
  7. @burmesekidseducationalchannel: Thanks for sharing. What software do you use?
  8. @maysplays: You mentioned Cozy, but the video is 5 years old.  I left Cozy.  Who do you use now for PM management?
  9. @Cesar-m1c3v: Good info it's it ok if I asked for a copy of your application l will like to see the aplicasion
  10. @risingdynasty7602: How did you find your attorney
  11. @theropesofrenovation: How do you handle lease renewals.  I live an hour and a half away and feel like I'm going every other month to have a lease renewal or a new lease to get signed.
  12. @SWO_888: well done young lady!
  13. @EastCoastEscape: Finding a property manager for your short term rental can be challenging. Thats why we offer a 5 star guarantee revenue model. If anyone leaves a review less than 5 stars, we do not get paid.
  14. @n.a.s.7506: Can you please provise a link to Cozi.
  15. @nellielee2915: Thanks for sharing 🤩
  16. @WilliamUmil: Your contact details for further information snd clarification 

Thank you
  17. @stslventures: Could you share the application form you use?
  18. @SahilKapse-kk6ng: "Hey,

My Aunt's property is in Mumbai, and he moved to the USA in 2020. They have been looking for property management services for the past few years, and they finally found a service provider. This company manages my uncle's property very well and is always there to help him. They also assist in finding tenants and buyers."
"Highly satisfied with NRIWAY's management of my aunt's property. Their attention to detail and customer service are outstanding!"
  19. @dhaanyaa9051: Did u get a real estate license to do this ?
  20. @jehan60188: You have to apply without seeing the property? What’s the fee?

- Rental Property Operations 4 Ways to Improve Your Time Management: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Roland from PMI Jason Realty Group where we manage properties for my Asset Management perspective today what we're going to talk about are rental property operations and four ways to improve your time management you know time management is very important in Property Management Services right you know the length of time it takes for you to get back to an owner or the time it takes for you to complete a maintenance task all those are very very important and sometimes I think as property managers or as rental property owners we get lost in everything that we have to do and we don't take the time to systematize or put things in place to kind of give us back more time so we can do other things like rock portfolio or spend more time with our family and so today what I would actually want to do is talk about four tips that's going to help you with the time management and hopefully put you on the path to do property management and your rental property in a way that gives you more time back and so the first tip that I want to give you is keep Good Records right um and the reason why you want to keep Good Records is that you don't have to go you know search and look for things when you actually need it and so if you have to go and do an eviction or something like that you want to make sure you have a system that can keep your documents in one place we use a system called propertyware which is an industry standard that's not right for everyone because it's a very expensive software but you know get some type of system or process in place where you can keep track of your records use Google Docs that's a good and efficient way to kind of have your records stored if you don't have a standards property management software but then make sure that when you have that software you're using it make sure you keep track of your tenants make sure you keep track of your records if you have to do an eviction you don't have to go I'm searching high and low for it you'll know exactly where it is um and it'll be at your fingertips that's the first tip that I want to give you keep Good Records the second is um be proactive about preventative maintenance I tell people all the time it is much easier and a much more cost effective as you fix the issue when it's a dollar problem then when it becomes a hundred dollar problem and the way you identify if issues are a dollar problem is by making sure that you have regular inspections of the property now I've said this before you don't have to do the inspection yourself you can hire a team to do that but making sure you get that regularly scheduled on a quarterly or or um every six month basis you'll identify issues early and you'll be able to proactively resolve those issues and if you're proactively resolving those issues it would definitely save you more time then you want to keep a schedule for everything right I have my calendar scheduled down to the time when I take breaks for lunch you want to make sure that you have good time management skills and this is all about good time management so you want to make sure your schedule and everything making sure that you're putting down on your calendar when you're going to meet with your clients when I say clients I mean your owners and if you have to meet with your tenants same thing as well vendors because if you do that then you'll have a more um more a better handle on your time and then you can get more done in a day in a week and a month in a year and then you know the last tip is to Outsource redundancies and there are um there are vendors that you can contact there are vas that you can use to Outsource um to do things for you on your behalf but you may also want to consistently um have tasks that needs to be done repetitively and you may want to contact the property management company if not us there's other great property management companies out there but taking those things off your plate will give you more time to do things that you actually want to do focus on your friends like Dr Meyerson says so I think those are all the four tips um if you have any questions um definitely reach out to me I may have here in my Json Realty Group we're always highlighting the latest in rental property tips along with emerging Trends we have a webinar on how to streamline your rental property portfolio for maximum growth it's a topic that you don't want to miss not only will we talk about this but we're also going to talk about how to guarantee the rent even if it does attendant doesn't pay how to make sure that you are covered for security deposit even when you don't take security deposits and also how to get tenants to bid on your property to get more rents for your property as well so it's definitely something that you don't want to miss and we want to make sure that you have access to it we also have a Facebook group that's available to you and it has some great investors in there that's going to be able to help you with any questions you have so you want to take advantage of that and also if you have any unique questions specific to your portfolio you need assistance and Guidance with put a meeting on my calendar I'm more than happy to help again this is Roland from PMI jcm Realty Group the rental property investment zen master thank you and have a great day

- Property Management 101 Essential Advice For First Time Landlords: Kind: captions Language: en so you're renting out your first property it's exciting right but a little nerve-wracking I'm sure between dealing with tenants making repairs and then actually making some money it can be a lot in this video I'm going to cover stuff that I've actually experienced over the 10 plus years managing over, 1500 rental properties so if I had to create a landlording one-on-one video for firsttime landlords that I had to give to my son and future Generations everything I need to include would be in this video These are going to be tips you haven't heard before that are going to add unique value to your life so let's dive in so Step One is choosing the right Property Management approach are you going to self-manage or hire a property manager so I'm going to give you the down and dirty pros and cons full transparency on both so the top Pros you save money you don't pay the management fees and then you're also in total control and control really matters to a lot of people they can't sleep easy at night if they have to trust someone else so if you can sleep easier doing it yourself and having that control and you want to save some money self-management can be the right approach the main cons of self-management are the time investment not just you know having to rent your property and dealing with maintenance and things like that but also staying up on California's everchanging legal landscape if you're tuning in on this then you're doing a good job already but it can be a lot to keep up with and so that's something to factor in and even though you may only get one or two emergency calls a year from a tenant hopefully none but if you get one or two it's not that many but every night you lay your head down to bed you have the chance of getting called and so this bothers some people and it rents space in their head the anticipation of something or knowing they could get a call is actually worse sometimes than getting the call so just something to think about so the pros of property management they're pretty evident like obviously a professional should be able to do a better job than a self-manager they stay up on the laws they have the processes it will save you time you know they do all the heavy lifting and you just make the high level decisions the cons of management is what I'm excited to talk about the first con is it's very hard to find a good property management company the industry has a bad reputation because it's a nickel andine business they don't charge that much and so they can't invest as much time in your property they just do the bare minimum so finding a proactive property manager can be like finding a needle in a hay stack the other con is Less Direct Control so you have to feel comfortable turning it over to someone they have to have a certain amount of authority to run your business so like usually they have a maintenance limit of $500 let's say where they can make decisions on repairs under $500 without getting your approval some management companies pick the tenant there's different things to factor in and just make sure that relinquishing some of that control of your rental business sits well with you and is manageable for you the other con of management can be long-term contracts so if you do pick a property manager make sure they have kind of a shorter term month-to-month agreement or at least don't have a big buyout Clause if you want to get out it's you want to make sure you can get out if it doesn't go well what are my responsibilities as a landlord very basic question but for new people they don't know so with legal obligations as a first-time landlord the big one to know is fair housing laws there are federal fair housing laws and state fair housing laws in California and they cover race discrimination age discrimination nation of origin you sexual orientation income discrimination so there's all these things that a well-intentioned person not trying to be discriminatory can actually run a foul and it can cost you big time so it's important to bring yourself up to speed on that especially when leasing your property common things back in the day like oh you know this property is not good for kids or you know I don't want to rent a college students or actually prohibited now can get you into trouble because they violate state fair housing laws so the other big legal obligations will be spelled out in your rental agreement and one of my top tips for new landlords is get your lease wherever you're getting your lease from and just actually read it you will Fast Forward your learning by about 2 years if you just read your lease agreement something most people never do and you'll get all these great aha moments and then during the tency pro tip anything comes up disagreement between you and the tenor whatever always refer back to your lease agreement if there's ever a question it should be spelled out there and the last one that's the hot topic is rent control laws so in California oh my gosh it's a bloody mess there's State rent control laws County rent control laws City rent control laws if you own a house or a condo and you're just like a regular person that owns it rent control laws generally don't apply to you if you own a multif family property then you fall under State rent control laws and there's rules about how much you can raise rent usually Max 5% plus CPI but can depend on your area and then it also spells out when you can give tenants notice to vacate what are the rules when you have to give a tenant notice to vacate and then do you have to pay them a relocation fee when you do so lots to know with rent control but it's good to know before you get into the rental business like if you're turning your house into a rental or something because you might find all this stuff out later and it might just be unappetizing for you so just know going in what the laws are with rent control your maintenance duties as a landlord is an important one to know it's basic Common Sense generally just good repaired property there needs to be a smoke alarm the hallway near the bedrooms on each level there needs to be a CO alarm on each level you need to make sure there's not leaking Plumbing the place is sanitary when you give it to them the electrical systems in good working order just common sense stuff but here's the big thing with maintenance most firsttime landlords don't realize is all these things you overlooked for all those years as a homeowner I'm guilty of it too like oh the dishwasher is missing a wheel and like oh this door doesn't quite shut so you just got to kind of like lean into it all those things a tenant's not going to be cool with so you're going to want to replace those or repair those issues and a lot of owners don't factor that in and that can really add up we take care of the big stuff but there's these little idioc secrecies like we don't want to fix then when it comes time to rent your property the property manager is like we got to fix this we got to fix this and you're like oh my God so just be aware and factor that in to your repair cost up front now what's the tenants responsibility they need to keep that place clean okay no like rubbish all over the place or creating a thing for rats or roaches so they got to keep the place clean they need to properly use the garbage disposal no like tons of coffee grinds or chicken bones like I remember when I was in college I thought the garbage disposal was actually like where you put all the food and then I learned later it's actually you're not supposed to put much food in there it's just like small scrap to go in the trash so sometimes people do a plumbing addendum in their lease and really point that out because Plumbing is 80% of the issues we see in Property Management sometimes they're just not aware and they need to maintain these Plumbing fixtures as well as be responsible for any blockages to the plumbing unless it's caused by tree roots or effective plumbing parts also it's a good idea to put this in your lease it's not law per se but changing batteries changing light bulbs changing furnace filters changing filters on the fridge you know there's nothing more frustrating than getting a call from a tenant saying oh one of the light bulbs in the bathroom is burnt out it's like oh okay well can you replace it so it's good to spell that expectations out up front in your lease and the most important obligation of tenants is they need to report issues sometimes people say oh my tenants great I haven't heard from them in like three years I'm like that's a major red flag if you don't ever hear from your tenant one your rent is low cuz they're not calling you because the rent's too low and they don't want to bother you and because the rent's too low they're fixing everything themselves or not notifying you of things and so when you get in there it's like oh my gosh what happened why didn't you tell me about this so just let your tenants know that like you re them reaching out is not an issue you want to know if there's a leak or you want to know if there's issues at the property and sometimes tenants will be like oh I'll fix that myself and you think that's a good thing don't let tenants fix things you know the thing I alluded to earlier about like changing light bulbs or furnace filters like that's it like basic kind of stuff like that maybe you have them do the yard but don't have them cut the trees 20 feet up you know don't have them make repairs because if they get hurt or they do the repair wrong you might think it's saving you money but ultimately it's going to cost you and another Pro tip especially those contractor tenants or handyman tenants that like oh I'm going to fix everything myself yeah that can work out but a lot of times that's even worse because they keep a record of everything they did and then they use it against you if there's any issues where they're like oh you know I fixed all these things that would have cost you this much money and now I want you know payment for that if you're going to do you know it just can create a mess it's your house you'll maintain the house they'll live there good deal all right now we need to find a tenant so how do we find a good tenant if you want to catch a beautiful trophy fish you got to use the right bait the quality of the house that you put on the market is equal to the quality of the tenant you will get if you did shoddy maintenance and you kind of just did paint yourself and it doesn't look very good and you haven't replaced your countertops and 40 years and cabinets are falling off that's the type of tenant you're going to get so if this is a long-term rental business for you which I hope it is because it can build generational wealth you want to invest in just making sure the property is kept up nice that you upgrade things that need to be upgraded cuz tenants like upgrades especially really good tenants really good tenants can rent anywhere so why are they going to rent your property unless it's maybe on the beach or something and not fixed up when they can rent any other property that's much more upgraded much more well-maintained so consider updating those light fixes ures update your light switches that may be a couple decades old change the toilet seat make sure there's good curb appeal Landscaping you want those wow factor items at your property so that the good tenants want to bite they want to come in and they want to live you want tenants when they walk in to go wow that way they'll sign your lease and they'll rent from you long so when you're making your rental listing include the important information but don't worry about creating this novel about you know oh back in 1926 when this community was first drafted like I know you're well intentioned as a firsttime landlord about and you're proud of your community in the house and you have all this great things to say but people are not reading your whole description they are furiously looking through 50 different rental listings while eating a sandwich on their lunch break at work you want to just make sure the headline is super appealing highlights the best features of the house so like Ocean View 2500 square fot single story like whatever the key feature is of the house upgraded kitchen maybe you're offering a movein special it's a softer Market as of the shooting of this video so properties are taking longer to rent so a lot of people are doing move in specials again like $500 off first month's rent free $500 property upgrade if you sign a lease before blank anything like that that's compelling in the headline then they click in and then you want just a quick summary of the bedroom's bath square footage where it's located that just the basics and then you want to list out the most commonly asked things like is there a washer dryer is there a yard are you open to pets what's the application process and then even more important than the rental description is actually the photos you don't need to hire a professional Prof photos for rental properties but you need to take high quality photos you can do this with your iPhone a little bit of training there's videos on how to do it well use the proper phone settings on your iPhone make sure there's a good time of day where there's enough light put the toilet seats down make sure the blinds are kind of cracked make sure the place looks really good apps like snap snap snap and others will edit your property photos for a small fee and make them look super brilliant next is set a competitive rental rate everyone thinks that their house is worth more than the person's house down the block that's the same square footage same finishes so the next thing is setting competitive rental rates super important but setting the price too high actually attracts only bad tenants here's why so great tenants with good FICO scores and all that can rent anywhere so why are they going to rent your overpriced listing there better be a very compelling reason instead if you price it too high it's going to sit on the market and then you're going to get some interest but it's going to be from these sketchy tenants that don't have good credit history because they know they cannot compete with good tenants on a properly priced home so do some market research what have properties recently rented for we'll put a link to our rental analysis tool it gives you a free report if you want to use that or you can ask a local property manager or a real estate agent but you want to see what things are actually rented for in the past and then after you do that you want to look at what's actually currently on the market so if you have like a three-bedroom 2 bath do a search in your area for three-bedroom two bath see what someone looking for a property like yours is going to see now if you see maybe four or five properties that's a good sign for you the like three-bedroom two bath if you see like 25 properties within like a mile radius 3bedroom 2 bath you're in trouble so you're going to want to set a more competitive rental price see when you can offer attractive amenities people want the washer dryer they want the energy efficient appliances they want the Solar Smart Home features is another one a lot of people have electric car so a Tesla home charging system can be a good one so now you got some applicants it's time to vet them and Screen them thoroughly so everyone does a credit check employment verification super important also you want to do an eviction history search all basic stuff but what is really going to help you is spotting red flags so here's red flags incomplete application in the application instructions it should say please complete the entire application incomplete applications will not be considered and if you get an incomplete application that just is a red flag that shows they don't want to give you the information or they're just don't aren't taking the process seriously income that's unverifiable or employment you have to be able to verify their income period and so if they're like oh well you know I kind of do this and this gets paid in cash and this doesn't show up on my bank but this you know it's a red flag offering Advanced payments a lot of first-time landlords here oh my my tenant offered to pay me six months rent up front I'm so happy I'm like usually if they did the deal already I like don't say anything that's a red flag because why is someone going to pay six months up front like just because they want to it's usually because they have shaky credit or they don't want you to do certain types of screening and then once 6 months is up the the rent's going to stop coming in red flags are not a denial they're just something when they come up should make you exercise extra caution poor credit history so you'll have to decide what you accept their minimum FICO score or do you look at how many late payments they've had in the last 12 months open bankruptcies usually are an issue and the last red flag is just someone that's kind of difficult to work with if they're difficult before you approve them sometimes people can be combative or rude or not get you the information you need and sometimes a property's been sitting on the market and you're like kind of hoping this tenant goes works so you like want to make it work but if they're a nightmare at the beginning they're going to be a double nightmare once they get the keys you'll also want to check the addresses they put on the rental verification to the addresses on their driver's license or government ID as well as the residences that come up on their credit report and if there's any discrepancies make sure you ask the tenant about those so where do I post my rental listing Well Zillow is the place to be they have a syndication where you can pay for paid premium ads It's relatively expensive and it gets it out to the top rental websites we used to do Craigslist but there's too many scams I don't recommend Craigslist now Zillow really is where 90% of the leads come from and so if you sign up with their Network and advertise there I'm confident you'll get enough reach to find the tenant that you're looking for all right the biggest legal pitfalls you want to stay out of is not doing the security deposit correctly so you have 21 days to return it harassing your tenant like stopping by unannounced not fixing things and then if you are under rent control like not serving a notice correctly there's lots of laws around that so make sure you get proper guidance if you have a multif family property or under rent control and if there's an issue during the tency make sure you serve the proper notice either they didn't pay rent you need to serve a three-day notice to pay rent or quit and you got to make sure you understand how that process works or if they breach a term in the lease you serve a notice to perform Covenant or quit and this means hey you violated a lease term you need have three days to you know fix this or whatever but those are like the legal ways of handling those issues with rent I definitely always recommend following the three-day process if they have a serious lease violation you want to make sure you serve those notices correctly other than that you just want to be really communicative and just treat people like you would want to be treated and communicate issues and hopefully they resolve them so you cannot just stop by your property anytime you want you have to give at least 24 hours notice and there's only certain reasons you can inspect the property if the tenant doesn't want to let you in you got to give a legal reason number one is emergencies like you happen to see water flowing out of the front door when you're walking by to conduct necessary or agreed upon repairs to show the unit you got to give proper notice when it's time to show the unit but if you wanted to show it occupied you can do that if you believe the property's been abandoned there's a certain procedure you follow there to test or maintain smoke alarms then obviously if you got a court order the big legal issues we see with security deposits have to do with they charge too much for the security deposit you can't charge more than one month's rent there's some exceptions to that rule but as a rule a thumb don't charge more than one month's rent you can only deduct normal wear and tear and so some owners are very liberal with what's normal wear and tear they're like oh this small ding on the wall that's a damage you know if someone lives there a couple years there's going to be some scrapes on the wall like a reasonable amount of small nail holes they should clean it as and return it as clean or cleaner than they got it but some owners going ham on the tenant security deposit and using it to upgrade their property in some cases is a major no no and will get you in legal trouble if you need to evict the tenant you need to use an attorney we have videos on some of the Deep dive on eviction but it's not something you want to handle so you'll have your attorney serve the 3-day notice in that case you'll have your attorney handle the court paperwork but hopefully he doesn't get to that what you can do instead is work with your attorney and maybe offer the tenant a cash for keys it's often hard to swallow but it's usually cheaper for an owner to say hey I'll give you a th000 bucks if you leave by next week or I'll give you your deposit back in full you just got to leave the property broom clean some people are like adamant against that and just want to fight for principal if you're that person you can do that but it's usually a better financial decision because it takes four to six months sometimes to evict a tenant and then you got the attorney's fees and then you'll have this judgment where the tenant has to pay and you ain't never ever seeing that money 80% of the time all right so routine preventative maintenance here's a few good tips put in your lease that the tenants required to change the HVAC filter and then check in on them that they're doing it go in once a year and check under syns make sure they don't have like under the bathroom sink just jammed with stuff to where they can't even see if there's like a leak happening you want to test the smoke alarms make sure they didn't dismantle them make sure there's a CO2 alarm check your water heater see how old it is if it's like 10 years old you might want to replace it proactively because they tend to fail after 10 years and they can leak you want to do an exterior walk around the property just make sure the drainage is good make sure there's no issues with trees on the house where rats can jump on and termite damage you getting a termite fumigation every 7 to 10 years at a minimum is a good idea and then there's a couple good tips with tenants I like to ask hey have you fixed anything or upgraded anything since you've been here because sometimes we don't remember exactly what the house looked like and they'll usually confess they'll say like oh yeah I actually did this I painted this wall or I installed this ceiling fan another good one is to check that your key still works sometimes they'll change the locks and you don't know so you want always want to make sure your key is working now make sure you establish an emergency maintenance protocol with your tenant put it in your lease or in your welcome information to your tenant in the email how do they reach you after hours if they don't reach you do they have a number for a plumber or who should they call what if you're on vacation and you don't answer so make sure they know who to call the last thing you want is some Plum Plumbing emergency or something and you're not reachable they might call just like some random ad and it's this plumber that's five times more expensive than like a normal plumber and that's if you're lucky and on your inspection also you're just looking for safety hazards like tripping hazards is the fence need to be replaced or can someone fall off this railing flooring just making sure things are in good condition So Pro tip how are we going to pay for these repairs and maintenance at the beginning we're going to set up a separate bank account for the rental property so that makes tax time much easier all the money comes in and out for the property and then what we're going to do is we're going to set aside at least three months expenses into that account that's going to pay for future things and then we're going to replenish it we're going to assume our property needs maintenance our car needs maintenance and we usually understand that but oftentimes we bunk ourselves in the head and say why do we have to fix this oh this is broken things break down they're going to need to be fixed it's a good rule of thumb just to allocate maybe 10% of rent each month just to keep in that account or uh just try to build up the rent and not even use it to to pay for future expenses down the road so it's a good rule of thumb to keep a 3 to six Monon buffer in the account and that way you can pay for future expenses you've got money allocated for it and it's less frustrating when you actually have to pay for it all right so in the unlikely event you need to evict your tenant here's how the eviction process works at a high level in California so first off there's only two reasons you can really evict a tenant one is non-payment of rent and the second is an egregious lease violation like I'm not talking about they hung a towel on the balcony and the is mad and this is the third time it's happened I'm talking about like they are a threat to people or property they've substantially damaged your property or they're a major nuisance to your community and it's all documented you better have a really good case because judges don't want to hear about your lease violation eviction most of the time I guess there's one other reason that could be an eviction if the tenant doesn't move out at the end of the lease term you know they were supposed to move out and they didn't all right so they didn't pay the rent it's the most common one you serve the 3-day notice to pay in the example of the lease violation you'd serve the 3-day notice to cure violation or quit and in the example of the person that didn't move out at the end of the lease term you would just serve an unconditional notice to quit and move out you wait the three days then it's time to file your unlawful detainer with your attorney you'll get a court date both parties will get to go to court they will ask you before you go into court if you will please mediate both of you will say no and then you will go to court just kidding usually landlords are open to mediate but often times tenants don't want to mediate they want their day in court so you'll have the opportunity present your case come very prepared bring all of your evidence in a nice binder that's all labeled make the judge's life super easy if you win you'll get a rid of possession you'll get a judgment often if they owe you money that judgment you can enforce with a collection company but oftentimes it's very hard to get money from tenants that needed to be evicted you get the share of lockout date you'll show up then you'll get your property back hopefully most first-time landlords greatly underestimate the time and energy it takes to manage rental property to actually do it well it's a big job but with the right strategies and knowledge you can avoid the common pitfalls and set yourself up for success as a reminder you don't have to go it alone if you're in Southern California and looking for a property management expert we're here to help schedule a call with us today it's free we're always happy to help people whether you work with us or not we want to make owning rental property easy for landlords just like you in Southern California thanks for watching I'll see you next time oh yeah like And subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @Homeboundfanatics [4 likes]: Thanks for sharing! 😊
  2. @mandyjacotin8321 [1 likes]: I am half way through this video and I am blow away! Thanks so much, Steve.
  3. @TravisDelo [1 likes]: Likes, shared, commented, and shared!
  4. @TravisDelo [1 likes]: DAMN GOOD VIDEO! Exactly what I was looking for wrapped up in a pretty little bow! 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
  5. @dontbuyrealestate: Great tips for new landlords!
  6. @sergebissainthe: I'm a Real Estate Broker in MIami and I would highly recommend your services to anyone needing a property manager in your area.  Great Video!
  7. @gotmikedaniels: Great video, thanks! I would also recommend doing a thorough move-in video documenting every square inch of the property so you can compare condition upon move out.
  8. @theropesofrenovation: Very good video
  9. @NathanFogg-z3j: When you take photos inside your property, should you leave furniture or have the rooms bare?
  10. @ohdear2275: Great info. Thank you
  11. @Cmm33333: You know your stuff super helpful. I would love to know the systems you use for budgeting and organizing
  12. @PhilSteven01: Great video! Managing properties gets crazy when you're trying to scale. I was drowning in tenant calls and maintenance requests until I found reliable help. Have you looked into CS Outsource for handling the admin side of things?

- How to Manage Your Rental Properties Efficiently: Expert Tips for Success: Kind: captions Language: en managing rental properties isn't as easy as it sounds the reality is that owning rental properties comes with a host of challenges from dealing with tenants to ensuring your properties are always in top condition if you're not managing things efficiently your investment could quickly turn into a money pit so how can you avoid the most common mistakes and ensure your properties generate consistent passive income the secret lies in smart Strategic Management the problem timec consuming stressful management many landlords struggle with keeping up with property maintenance tenant communication rent collection and the countless other tasks that come with managing rental properties this can lead to burnout lost revenue and headaches that make you question if it's all worth it however the truth is with the right strategies you can manage your properties with ease and increase your profits expert tips for efficient Property Management streamline tenant communication effective communication is key to a successful rental business use property management software or app to streamline tenant applications lease agreements and maintenance requests this keeps everything organized and ensures you never miss an important deadline or request automate rent collection one of the most common problems landlords face is late rent payments avoid the hassle of chasing down tenants by automating the rent collection process there are various payment platforms that allow tenants to pay online making it easier to track payments and reduce the risk of missed rent set clear expectations one way to to prevent misunderstandings is by setting clear written expectations for both you and your tenants a well-drafted lease agreement should outline everything from payment schedules to maintenance responsibilities this reduces potential conflicts and helps keep everything running smoothly regular property inspections regularly inspect your properties to ensure everything is in good condition catching small issues early can save you from expensive repairs later schedule inspections every 6 months or after tenants move out to maintain the value of your property build a reliable maintenance team having a reliable team of contractors and maintenance professionals is essential when an issue arises having a trusted team in place ensures quick repairs and minimizes downtime this way you can ensure your property remains in top shape and your tenants stay happy the secret to success systematize your processes the key to efficiently managing rental properties is to create systems by automating tasks communicating clearly and staying organized you'll save time reduce stress and increase your bottom line the more streamlined your processes are the easier it becomes to manage multiple properties without feeling overwhelmed

- They Built One of Australia's Biggest STR Brands. Here's The Story: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello everybody and welcome back to another episode of the accommodation show. This week I have the wonderful Kieran Figoffer back in the room back on the podcast. Welcome to the show. >> Hi V. Hi everyone. Really really happy to be here and thanks for inviting me again. how things have changed, how things have grown, my friend. Uh the last time we had you on might have been around about maybe two or three years ago. Since then, you're now up to around about 1,400 short-term rental properties under management, around about 100 relationships with real estate agency partners. You've got $60 million worth of gross booking values. Um, not only that, you were recently acquired by OYO for over $50 million. You've been busy. >> Yes. The short answer is yes. Very busy and very intense time. I think the last time we talked was actually during co Yes. >> I was alone in the office and how how things have changed since then. Yeah. 21 I think it was. >> Yeah. >> But not without purpose. Uh, one of the things that I've known about you is one is that you're kind, giving, you want to help other people as you go, but you've got a lot of ambition. And one of the things that stuck with me that I talk to everybody about is you having a plan. And that plan was based around by the time I'm X age, and you'll have to remind me, I don't know whether it was 50 years old. >> Remember that, >> I want to achieve X, Y, and Zed. That was a really nice way to put it because quite often when we make our plans, it can be a one-year plan, two-year plan, a fiveyear plan. But if you base it around your age, your age is finite or your time is finite. And therefore, you have to accomplish whatever, not by an arbitrary one year or 5 years, it's actually got some sort of consequence or significance on that. How do you feel you're traveling towards that goal? Was it 50 or what was that that age uh that you >> Yeah, I'm actually getting goosebumps when I think about this because when I when I had to do I had to do I was like I'm by nature I'm more of a I'm more of an intuitive person. I think the sales background you go with the shiny the opportunity and everything and planning is sometimes putting restrictions into doing certain things. So by by nature I'm not someone when I grew up that was big in planning but when I did my MBA in 2010 um one of the courses in managerial skills was before you lead and manage others be really clear about yourself and what you want to do in life and without that is very difficult to have an impact on other people and that was the first time I really thought about this do I know what I want to do I know what I where I want to go to north roughly but to put this in in words on paper I wasn't able to to do so back then 2010 it was a 15-year plan 15 year plan so by I was 30 then um 45 44 now some a year a year off we had to document what are those kind of milestones back then I was a sales engineer in the mining industry I just moved from Perth to Sydney I was on large scale projects um I didn't want to really I didn't see my future in there like for the next like 40 years to just continue working in mining. So it was quite challenging to do and the scary thing is like almost everything happened down to the year um that was in that plan and that sort of yeah gave me the the sort of insight and power to to believe in what you put down. Now there's a whole thing the universe sort of has an impact on you. But I think once you know where you go, you know what corners to take, where to turn left and right, where to say yes and no to and it becomes easier and then things happen. Um if you keep pushing and you keep keep um >> That's incredible, Karen. I I had no idea that it was kind of that accurate. Um I'd love you to to help everybody and break that down a little bit. So you're going on that that journey and you're saying that every year your goals and your ambitions were very much aligned with what you had envvisaged. Now were you adjusting as you went because quite often as as business owners what we start off with one year becomes completely different. Um my my prime example is doing the Strive conference. It was something that we never ever intended but it just happened. It was great. It's a it's a great platform. >> Uh and it's something we enjoy doing and we enjoy bringing it to the public. But that wouldn't have been in my plan. um I would have had plans around growth and strategy and that sort of thing. Tell me about uh you said that you were hitting those milestones. >> Tell me what those milestones might have been and >> whether you were adjusting as you went. >> So I started with where I wanted to be and that was I wanted to be financially independent um by 45. So that was clear to me. I don't want to be in a situation that I have to do what I what I do because of cash flow, because of yeah me being in life um by that point. And that's how I grew up with with my parents. They did big bets. My dad also has been in real estate um always having his own business and it didn't all turn out um great. So I grew up with a lot of dependency. We had great times and then times where it was really really difficult on on the cash side. I had to start working when I was really really young, have an income, finance my life and that sort of is something that I still feel like when I'm financially I have to do something to pay um it it is really causing me stress. So my my big thing was financially independent by 45. And then it was like how do I get there? going back. One big lesson was I'm really not the one that is sort of getting excited by I keep doing what I do and I just put money on the side and that accumulates. That's maybe the smart way of doing it. I I know I'm not really good in this. So it was like okay what would you like to do? And what I also did in the MBA, I got a lot of exposure to quite successful entrepreneurs and and other people that build businesses and got an insight into into that. And going back to the point when I studied because I had to work in finance my life I I I had my own restaurant cocktail bar that was quite quite successful and I stopped doing this but it reminded me I was really excited doing my own thing and I only did a job worked started working because I thought I don't study I didn't do my masters and then just run like pop that was my mindset back then and then a few years later it just reminded me hey I really enjoy building things and this is what I want. So I was like okay I want to have a company and then how do I get to an exit that um makes me financially independent and then going backwards was a sales engineer. I set the marks. Okay, within a year I want to be um manager. Within another couple of years, I want to be uh general manager leading having financial P&L responsibility. And then it was like 5 years later by 200 would have been 15. I want to start my own thing. Um make this a global thing by um yeah sort of uh 5 years later and then exit with uh with 45. That was sort of the the whole plan. I was promoted um within six months of writing that plan to national sales manager back then was like I was more into titles back then like wow I did it. Uh but I was really uh pushing for it. Um one thing I'm I'm highly competitive maybe one of my biggest threats is like I'm so competitive it is not healthy sometimes and and when I want something I go so much for it that you have to cut my arm off I think or just be a dead body that is pulled behind this thing. I would not let go. That sort of maybe enabled me to to achieve a few things because I was pretty ruthless in regards to my what I sacrificed first in regards to hobbies >> like in regards to friends and and other things uh to achieve certain bits and then of course it opened the eyes on opportunities when those opened to not just start Miy had another startup before but especially with McMy to be open for it say this is it. this is this potentially global global business I wanted to build and that's why we also always looked at my company was for me like do it big or not at all because my goal is something big it was how do we make this the world's most loved short-term rental brand from the beginning >> how we do this has changed but the aim has always been to build something that is significant and a lot of then yeah things happened with co and so on but it just kept that kind of thing in my mind and that also helped when I got approached in the end last year by OO to understand hey look at you actually full on track with your plan that it was all about is this something that is really worthwhile for shareholders is it something that is exciting for Z and me and having that plan in place it just allowed me to be open to something that now in hindsight was was a really really good decision rather than just take no >> to it. >> One of the key themes that has come out of the building it series is uh I would say 90 actually everyone everyone has said that the planning was a massive part of their their success and everything they're doing. One thing that actually comes to mind as you you're telling us about your plan is it really does feel that it was quite financial. You know that it's you know I'm going to do all these things and sacrifice to then achieve this financial goal so then you can have your freedom and then look after and then all that kind of stuff. Did you But before I go there actually I I want to ask about the the adjustment of the plans. Um because you said that you you had you had a vision. I imagine how often would you be reviewing your goals? Would it be every year? Would it be six months? Or was it kind of just that's what it is? And also, what would you have done had had you not been aligned with those goals? So, you I mean, know great, you know, you got you you're driven, you got there, but for a lot of people, it doesn't work. You know, you you you've got a lot of skill, passion, but you also have to have luck, right? What if you got lucky and and for some reason you didn't get the promotion? Now, of course, just to go back to this, it's a it's it's not the financial. It was not a number a number game. It was to be able to be independent of having to have an income, to have a life. And I've got three kids. Um I want to be able to look after my parents. Um and I want to be able to to have a a comfortable life that is not measured in certain cars, certain kind of houses. It's just being able to not have that pressure that you have to do something that you don't want to do. That's sort of the the big thing on on there. So that's sort of been always this kind of course it's linked to financials because if you live live in Sydney it's difficult um with no income to be in Sydney. Um and uh yeah, so by going back to the point that I personally I would challenge it every day, every night, everything that happens is sort of I don't know how to explain this, but I've I've got this thing almost people sitting on my shoulder like is this the right thing? Um what about this? What about It's constantly being able to to challenge what you do and it I can't stop it. Now, we talked before we started recording here a little bit about what keeps us up at night and so and this is this kind of these voices that constantly challenge is what you do the right thing. Um what we haven't talked about in the country we're really big on values. sort of a few things that pillars that we will not change, we will not touch they they're just not up for discussion. And then of course comes the life goal but anything else is a variable of how we do it. And that is a learning that I had very early like in my sort of life being able to adjust. If you can't do something, find a way around rather than keep on trying to run through that wall. Sometimes you have to run through walls because you can actually go through them. But most of the time it's it's just navigating through the labyrinth in a in a faster way that others are. That's all about building a business. You're more agile than than bigger businesses that have by far more capital than money. But you are more agile figuring out how to add value to people and your stakeholders and achieve the vision that you have as a business. >> 100%. Look, uh, love it. Thank you. uh makes a lot of sense and I think that's really valuable for for people that are out there to to think about these things get their plans written down or at least in their mind and for me the biggest takeaway is using your age as a landmark for you to aim towards. I want to move more into some of the the building it sort of concepts because at the end of the story of this current story is the acquisition which happened quite re recently uh and obviously there'll be there'll be more to come and uh I I'm going to ask for forgiveness from the audience for not telling your entire story today uh because we just don't have enough time to fit in you know all the foundation elements and I believe that we did probably cover quite a bit this in our previous episodes. So, please rewind and have a have a listen to those. We'll put them in the show notes as well, so you can go and go and find them. But I want to I want to focus on the past maybe two to three years. I think maybe even since that kind of co, you know, everything changed in co everything was was was great for short-term rentals actually. You know, ADR is through the roof, occupancies very very high. I'm not saying that there's not challenges, but the industry you you know as well as I do that it was a good place to be as an industry. What was interesting for me is watching Made Comfy progress in its own path. And I think that it was very easy for everyone to sort of go, you know, sort of kind of just keeping what they're doing, keep adding owners and that sort of thing. But one of the things that I saw that you guys had done was to start to to pivot and to work closer with real estate agency partners and build a product around around that. And that's something that I don't think many people know about or know how you've done it or how that worked and maybe what some of that strategy or vision is around that. Are you happy to share some of the the background of of that and maybe some bits that I might have missed? >> Yeah. No, of course. I mean like all of us that were in hospitality during co have their maybe memories, scars. I still have nightmares from it. I think it's an event that will never never leave me and it's still really emotional um to yeah back then we had we were just about to raise our series B. Um we had 3 months of runway. So as a business, we've been unprofitable uh on purpose um for a large proportion of our time to build and invest and that's why we raised capital to fund our cash flow. So for that we had 3 months of runway uh in March uh until June. We were quite well progressing and then suddenly yeah remember that I was supposed to go to an Airbnb event in Bangkok and that was cancelled because there was something Yeah. And then suddenly borders close. Um we won the shorties. I didn't go to the shorties >> because I was worried that we would get locked out. Um and I can't come back in. >> Um and yeah, and then everything just changed. It was this realizing that something can change overnight and everything is gone. Yeah, that that that was the moment I think that had a big impact on on Sabrina and me, everyone that was already involved because you we know we knew pretty much that's that's it. There's no way you can continue like we have revenue down 70 80%. Unknown certainty we have to raise capital uncertainty in capital raising is like doesn't work out. Yeah, that that that was the the big moment just talking about that because that was a reason why we looked at a few things. Um we we looked at how do we continue the business anywhere how do we close the business was the first thing. How do we tell shareholders? how do we do our our team and employees? But accelerating this a little bit, we were able to to find a way to continue uh we got funding from our shareholders and um JobKeeper kicked in and things like this. So um but during this time we never ever thought okay let's just continue. We kept thinking about how do we continue to build the world's most loved short-term rental brand and and what we knew for a fact um after a few months when other countries opened up and uh sort of a lot of capital went into like the Vakazas the Saunders >> but nothing in Australia because the borders kept being closed not country but state borders and all these things so >> that is very far away. >> Yeah. um for anyone. So um so what we knew is like accessing capital is really difficult. There is of course the upside coming after co um in short-term rentals with unnecessarily the revenge travel but everyone's thought again about how to travel flexibility on working. So much change in how people move around. So we knew there's a significant chance and having that vision building this kind of large large company and being aware there is little access to capital was like how do we how do we get around this we will not be um able to like buy other companies we we're on the back foot pretty much and that's when we looked at three things with okay let's do an all tech platform I think some companies did that we pretty much quickly went away from we also do long-term rentals because there was no path to build something big with long-term rentals with that like some others did. So, we were really clear what not to do. Um the platform was like like so many people do it like um again we will be on the back foot. Then it was around franchising McMy um there are a few that sort of went with that and and then were like that was my favorite actually. I was so hard on franchise and then one of our team members Daryl came and said hey how about these real estate agents and I was like oh real estate agents are we competing with them? What do you mean? Like he's like, "Well, a lot of them really want to do it and they don't do it. And the ones we compete against, some of them really don't want to do it. So there is a chance." And I was really against this like, "No, no, no. It's really not. It's really not. Let's just focus." And I realized that I'm actually opposing my opinion on on onto someone that is really coming up with an idea. And um what we had then we had these kind of pots during during co um where we said okay we have someone from uh sales uh marketing uh operations uh and for example finance and we work on ideas and then that pot sort of came up with the whole business model of how would it work look like with a franchise what fees can you charge how does it look like with real estate agents and um two things real estate agents have that a franchisee will never have they have an incredible access to supply property properties in Australia get traded every 7 to 10 years um whereas an investment property and 76% of properties are managed by real estate agents. So you get access to a significant portion of the market and there is a way to actually help um real estate agents by helping them to do something to not lose clients and to add more value to their clients which they were all open to. So we switched our mindset from solving the property owner's problem only to solving the problems of someone that is having access and a relationship with the property owner. And we got to that because the goal was always like building something big. When we did then the financials on this, it was like so obvious that um this is a very intelligent way to do it but highly complex, very difficult because change management in real estate very very difficult like to change someone to use different systems really difficult. So we knew there's a pathway but we have to do it with very little change and very little Yeah. forcing people to do stuff. >> Yeah. So it's easier to say yes than to say no, right? So in I would say property managers I'd say they're easy to say no to new things and then they would say yes unless you make it really easy. So it becomes easy to say yes. Yeah. >> Absolutely. Okay. So >> that was in 2021 when we when we uh launched >> that's really concept. Yeah. Okay. It's it's really interesting because I kind of feel that you didn't really talk about it much and like it was kind of like maybe I just didn't talk to you enough over that time and m as an industry as well. No one was really talking about real estate agents. I feel like you guys grabbed it, ran with it >> and now everyone kind of looked back and went, "Oh, oh, that's that's what they did." And there companies now catching up, right? You going, "Oh, we should target real estate agents as well." Do you feel that that's the way it was or have I have I got this wrong? >> Yeah, I mean we we kept it quiet. So it was not on our website for until um 2024. That's when we announced it officially but that was it literally to have the time to learn to uh experiment to understand to build. So very early we knew that the complexity here comes around u task management um information flow. Suddenly we have another step we know all so complex already. You have property owner a guest and then you're the manager and trades. Now we adding another layer of complexity with the person actually owns the relationship with the property owner. So that part is is really really difficult and that's something where we had to build processes uh and technology around it to ensure everyone has the transparency they have to to have and when you have to have fast decisions as we all know long-term to replace an air conditioner takes a month. Uh shortterm we're talking here about about um about hours and days to fix things. So fast-paced decision making all of that. So those are some of those challenges. Trust accounting comes to this as well. Um um and then literally how do you ensure everyone understands what it means to run a short-term mental? How do you manage objections? So all of that we had to really build and and do. So we confident if others want to do it too um they need to raise a lot of capital, build a lot of technology or just have a lot of time to build it over time and we are on the front foot with it. So that's why we started talking about this quite late when we were clear that >> you had like you had modes right modes for people to get get through. >> Interesting. Interesting. Because the one of the other things that strikes me when you were talking about your different paths to growth. So you had the the franchise model, you had the the real estate model, but you also one of the most traditional ways is to acquire. And that's not something that I mean obviously you need capital to be able to do that. It's got its own complexities. It's I think it's quite slow. >> You don't have access to as much stock as you with a with a real estate agency. Have you acquisition was that part of the equation? You guys haven't done any acquisitions, have you? >> No. No, we have not. We have not. So I think everyone everyone has has their way of of of growing. We've been exposed to this several times and and I think you have to look at what are you good at as a business. How does this align with what you really want to build and achieve and if a consolidation of of a market like it's often a private equity game most of the time when you look at our industry those kind of companies that um got at some point this private equity backed they love that kind of stuff. the the part of course that we sort of look at there has not been this kind of big thing like you do that it's highly complex you you're acquiring smaller businesses and it is in the end yeah it is I say it is it is a hard thing you you have to replace um people that want to sell want to get out at some point every acquisition you make adds a little bit more of complexity and then you get to a point where you either own all the processes and you run the operational systems and it's your technology that needs a certain scale so you can actually do this at a profitable way or you then just stop at a certain point and then you look for the next one that sort of buys it for me I've just not seen there's a pathway to get to certain size 100% and I think when we look at Alio time do this really successfully um how they pick um great businesses and how they then um you know use imit multiples to justify buying them at a certain mizable and um sort of um hedging on on the idea that they get a different multiple like the typical private equity game. I just didn't believe in it myself for us at my company that we have the the capabilities to do this better than anyone else. And I think our going back to my competitiveness a little bit is like we have to do things by far better than anyone else to to give it a big shot otherwise it's more of a you can try it but it becomes it is less likely to be successful if you're not not really great in it. And I think those two are really really good in it. Um and then we'll see where where where where these things sort of go to. I knew that we don't have that level of um excellence maybe in in that space and again couldn't see the end game in it myself. So that's difficult and from a motivational point of view and all of that. >> Sure. Look, that's really awesome. I I didn't expect us to be talking about all the different models of of growth and scaling. It is in our industry. There's so many models. There is not one or two, right? There's so many and they're all somehow successful or not. And that makes it so interesting. That's why I think your show is so so so interesting for many because there's so many ways of looking at it and running it and you can learn all the time. There's no right way and there's hardly any wrong way. Correct. It's just what is really really works for you in your market. So that's >> and that's the great thing about the industry as well, right? is is you you can you can do things in different ways and that's where innovation really comes from is people doing things differently. But I want to just um as we wrap up this kind of this little part and then and then I want to go into the acquisition part and and that journey because it's really important I think for everybody to learn about the journey and to kind of get behind the scenes a bit and to to feel what you went through. But just on the real estate agent part so you were you were a naysayer. you like, "No, this isn't going to work." Uh, you know, you're more into the franchise thing. Then you started to sort of pivot and and change your mind and go in that path. At what point did you know this this is really a great strategy for us amongst all the other things that you're doing? Of course, right? You're not going to stop doing the things that work. When were you like, "Hey, yeah, we're on to a winner here. Let's let's double down on it." Or was it just sort of like a natural it's just something that we do as part of everything that that we offer? Like when we started make our first customer we had within two days uh Kuletta two-bedroom townhouse in Paddington and then we got referral after referral from there and we it just grew really really quickly and then the complexity hit a certain level and that was a point when we started my country actually not as mere was a key exchange platform that's why our legal entity name is key flickers Peter by limited um we never bothered to change the or to pay the $350 to change the entity name and after at some point it became too complex but that was our initial one and then me had this kind of traction. And I was like like this will be bigger than a key exchange platform. And with me pro it was very similar when we launched it. We had our first interested partner Crown Realy uh Luke Vaugh in in in Gold Coast within I think was first conversation that Daryl had knowing that Luke is also an entrepreneur someone that is in Gold Coast where you if you don't do short-term you're really missing out big time as a real estate agent and property manager. So he was on to it. It was like immediately successful despite having no really technology yet. It was a was a concept and we got two three four referrals. We had Megra immediately on the door. Um we had uh hard uh and all really quickly on head office level. So we saw there is a lot of interest when people come to you and you actually haven't >> advertising it's on this and that's when you think you realize oh there's oh there's something when people come to you and ask hey I heard like how does it work um >> it's nana right it's nana and you got to make sure you don't miss it as well right you don't miss it and you don't miss it >> that's okay and then you miss the actual what's happening in front of you this there is this opportunity >> okay >> and that's the thing when having smart people around you, experienced people like I had people mention like Cliff Rosenberg about funds and then Simon Leman like around you that that help you with like a let's do this now and it's like oh ho like remember um Gio was actually one of them the ex CFO of real estate.com.au you investor and advisor to us. We said like remember it's it's it is it is a really close industry. >> Don't deliver it. It goes quick. >> That was an important part why we then more we went on the brakes to to deliver to enable each of those kind of franchises or real estate agencies. They have a brand. They have a reputation. There there's only one. It's like one owner but suddenly it is um one partner in a market. if you don't do it well that speaks around and and that was was the bit that we then had to fix. How do we with no capital really how do we build that? We knew it's exciting but we had to be really really careful that we are not overpromising and we definitely had our challenges and hiccups at the very beginning there. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> That were difficult to overcome. >> Yeah. And one of the things that really strikes me as well, Ken, is everything that you always talk about is building big. And it's that mindset, but also when you're building this stuff, you're being careful because you're thinking, you know, it's not about those individual relationships. It's about the much bigger picture that if you screw it up, you're absolutely in the because you know the opportunity is there because you're getting the the feedback from the market saying, "Hey, yes, we want this kind of product." You're realizing that there's um massive penalties if you get this wrong and you you don't deliver on it. But Kieran, we've got we've got 15 minutes. So, and we got a lot to cover. So, I'm gonna keep pushing us forward because I know that everyone's desperate on the on the edge of their seats. They're waiting for us to talk about OEO um about this this huge acquisition. Um monumental in terms of the industry uh in Australia, biggest acquisition by far. Monumental across the world. It's great to talk to people across the world and they're like, "Yeah, I heard about that made Comfy acquisition. That's really uh I really love when Australia's out there on the main stage and and talking about what we do. It's it's it's terrific. So, I want to make sure that we spend enough time on this and give people some insights as to to how that went. And I think one of my first questions really was I mean like you've you talked about your goals which is great and exiting and that sort of stuff which you kind of haven't exited but we'll talk about that in a sec. But uh Oh, yo. So, you already mentioned it. They came to you. >> Yeah. I mean, like we were not looking out there to find a buyer for for my country. And like there's been relentless rumors around the industry on on on things since I think we started. We we've never really reached out to anyone. We were approached by a few in the past from private equity to to to other sort of um funds but but as I said we have a certain vision um not just the know what I want to be with 45 but and I wanted to achieve something with with my company building something that that leaves some legacy behind and and changes an industry in a positive way. So what happened was we were like heads down into like further growing scaling become pro. Um we have plans to roll it out not just in New Zealand but we've done uh but also then the US and um and other sort of Anglo-Saxon markets where you have real estate agents and property managers. That was our core focus. And then I I still remember it was August last year when when I just Occasionally I do check my LinkedIn. I'm not in LinkedIn every day. I check my LinkedIn >> and usually there's a lot that comes to uh to me in regards to more like cold calling as call it >> and you got me in there as well. Hey Kieran >> like Yeah. But but I know you right. So it's this but like these contact requests and and so on. Usually there are times I miss it and I don't even look at it for a month. >> But then I looked at it and I was uh Yeah. Well, there was there was a message in there from from from someone in Oreo, a quite catching a photo of of of the person too. Uh I think he's changed it since, but very senior very senior in the company. Uh when I checked him out, I was like, "Okay, this is not just some analyst that is doing their quotas and outreach." And I think some of us might have seen this like we get a lot of big funds just and you have these calls and that's just going nowhere because they're just doing the due diligence on other deals often. So So that was one of those where okay that's a bit weird. Um like this might be real. Then I responded hi like I'm happy to sort of have a first chat and then yeah that that sort of was real. It was a real profile. And the second call I had a call with that person and and what I really liked from the beginning was like the like depth of understanding and knowledge of our industry. He's also nine years with Oo, so gone through co in the ups and downs and and having someone that is you can see the passionate hyper intelligent um ex Mckenzie really really really quick and you have a conversation that goes so quick somewhere versus someone that doesn't know our industry who doesn't know what we do and and that was really exciting but I really thought oh this is just maybe some kind of fishing around and but then the second call or he suggested I next call let's do this with ret and um of course I've like if you are industry I think you would have um you know a few people retal I've followed from the side uh what is done in in India with oo with >> like like incredible like thinking big my way is like you know is a bit of a miniature legal compared to what he actually was able to do in India getting the kind of uh like support um exposure leaving things behind. I think he didn't he didn't have a he got the whole Peter Theo sponsorship uh very early with 19 didn't have a passport went to the US >> and like did I think what you can um got softbank um light speeded ventures and so many things so when I saw him we >> we're gonna have another podcast next aren't we? Yeah, I think he's on Shark Tank India now. I think Shark Tank India is the largest Shark Tank audience in the world. Um, and he's big there. Anyway, so when I knew I could be on the call with him, I was like, "Okay, I called Simon Leman or chairman at the point." I say, "Hey, Simon," because I know he met retail. I said, "Can you just be on the call? Just want to make sure it's him." Um, and that this is all genuine. And then yeah, Simon um Retesh and Shirish we were on the call and I didn't need Simon to ver verify um that Ret is real. Um the yeah the charisma, the in-depth of knowledge, the humbleness. I've not seen this um many many times um of someone that is on his level in the detail of housekeeping, cleaning himself. what we maybe all have done. What sucked most in my mind was when I sort of like that was me man me pitching sort of make comfy and I sort of say look with me pro when you ask can you explain me what you do and I sort of explained look what we do is much smaller scale than you do so it's really really small but we have like 40 back then we had 4550 real estate agents and we are we are like like working with them and enabling them to grow and this is how now like 70% of our properties are through those those agencies and and his response was what I really would never think is like um look like um don't make yourself small here um what you are doing there is much bigger than what we were able to do uh in Europe we've looked at that and we haven't seen anyone that got over 10 partners like this so what you're doing is actually a multiple of what others have achieved in other locations and you said I've seen a lot so that kind of humbleness you know like it's been always eye to eye depth passion after 12 years was like when I thought like wow like like this is not just some pathway to an exit it's an opportunity with to work with someone like ret like um other people within Oreo that are passionate about what they do big goals um so much alignment with what we want to do so that's where the moment when I thought okay this is this is a real opportunity and it's a real option for for us to pursue >> so from the perspective two things that come to mind. One is that the made comfy as a company, you know, how how do they know about you and you know it was it the the the awards? Like that's one part I'd really love to know how they how they knew about you and surely you know it's not that hard to find the top property management companies, right? like you just you can probably air DNA it and then they might approach all of them. So how do they know about Made Comfy? And then I take it that the Made Comfy Pro product would have been pretty much hidden, right? I don't imagine they would have approached you based on that product or some sort of vision with that. I imagine that their vision was completely it was different to what it might have ended up being with um with the conversation. >> Yeah. So like with most of our like bigger steps, it was based on a referral. So as I mentioned, our first customers, first mechan pro partners, even the first investors we got, we were introduced to and we didn't reach out. It was based on a referral from one of the three OTAAS. And yeah, we approached them, hey, we want to that's what we're looking at. We've done this check my guest acquisition that went really, really successful. what we're looking at at some other opportunities and especially some some markets where where they were not and so A&Z is one of those high like attractive markets where you have high ADRs a large component of in of internal um domestic travel so you're not too reliant on on on international travel and um high quality stock and so it really fits into this OO um OO belief building um a a business around high class top class assets in the sort of alternative accommodation sector and yeah they asked for whom and um yeah we we were recommended by that because on that platform uh we've been the very um successful uh successful partner to them that was the recommendation they reach out and yeah I mean a lot has to add up now like it's not like oh yeah there's may come pro this is all great there's so much that goes on around like are the founders willing to continue are they strong and is the business how does it look like um from our side it has to work too now we have shareholders we have investors there's so much complexity once you have this early intro it's like Google speed dating thing where your friend recommend this like a lot of relationships come from you were recommended introduced but hey I know B um so Saberina for example and I we met because some friends knew and say hey you guys might maybe like each other and Sven and Marcela did this being German Marcella being Peruvian so it worked out fast so I think often you get these intros but then you still have to make it work and I did not see this I had no idea about how how to go through this. I thought capital raising is hard. Um but doing that process was was really really really that was the most difficult thing I did in my life and yeah uh it uh it it sort of comes with a lot of ups and downs in the process and it's not a great straight line. A lot happened in the world as well since tariffs. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Geopolitical changes, um, markets and but yeah, >> so that first contact August 2024 >> four. >> Okay. So, it wasn't actually that long ago. So, it's just it's it's a year probably for you it feels like an eternity. >> Um, >> yeah. >> Was it quite obvious at the start that there's something going on that yeah, they're they're interested in in in going down this path. So therefore, the conversation was aligned around uh around that goal to to make something happen for some sort of an acquisition, some sort of a thing. Were they pretty upfront about what they were intending with you guys to start off with or was it something that needed to be massaged as the conversations kept going? And how >> Yeah. When you met with Riches, was he already like, "Yeah, this is what we want to do." Or was it a bit more let's get to know each other and then we'll find out how that that kind of relationship might work? >> No. what I like with the Indian culture to compare it with the German culture um and way of dealing things very direct. So there's no there is little sort of dancing around and and that was something I like it was from the beginning was very clear um what the intention is and of course um has done this a couple of times um they had a really clear path as well and yeah um have sort of experienced what is the what what works for them to sort of uh get to an outcome that they're looking for. also was from the beginning and I think you have to have the conversation if if there if we're not open to it and there's no pathway we waste a lot of time if the actual intention is to to to grow in a in a in a in a certain way. >> But so so to me that sounds like they already had a vision to approach you with, right? It wasn't your vision to approach them with. They were saying, "Hey, this is what we want to do. >> You know, we want to find someone that's going to fit in within that and let's then >> create a plan which is going to work." The idea that they have from the beginning is you acquire now and it's different maybe to the acquire and consolidate is acquire and grow. So that is a bit of a different model that they um I can say we which is still a little bit weird um that we we we can do is it it is not that you acquire and then you sort of keep them and sort of grow. It's it's acquire something and then grow it so it becomes meaningful across the overall business. and and and that that is was clear to them. So that's why it was from the beginning that's what we want to do. This is where your vision really aligns with what we want to do. I think what a lot of testing uh are we so and I still passionate in this are we energetic? Do we feel like we want to do things? It doesn't really touch sort of this buy and out bit. is like growing um and sort of keeping uh those kind of assets in it. So it was from the beginning uh quite obvious um um uh on on it. It was more like how do we get a deal done that that was that was not a straight line because of complexities on on each side international borders international common practice different practices. >> Yeah. So that that was >> So did you have a third party involved in the middle there to sort of try to help to to massage the deal across the line? >> So we were quite quite fortunate that with commenser we we we have it can't believe >> that commencer is a of a fund that has done M&A before and of exits. So it's been it's been It's been he's just like to lie down there. Sorry for anyone who is not into dogs. Okay, >> this is a real podcast. >> Dogs are cute but um now he's realizing he's on camera. Sorry for everyone but yeah got two dogs going with Travers if we like have kids they are amazing with kids. Anyway, so we met commenser lot of experience with deals was quite clear that we want to run it internally. Uh Dave Phillips was sort of spearheading that. Um also I think from a founder um having someone else that then does certain tough negotiations knowing that I would have to continue in the business um having then Dave in it was was really really helpful. So we decided not to law firm of course we worked with Medex um anyone like looking for a great law firm I think they were working a lot with Air Tree um in other portfolio companies incredible uh support. the issue we really had we thought we close this by Christmas and it's quite a quite an easy thing that was intention all your side and on our side and everything but yeah didn't close to Christmas obviously um it became a bit more complex but yeah legal side we had support but other than that we we sort of um del >> right okay so so if we're talking about August being that first contact point by Christmas you guys are like the deal is going to be done so things were moving very very quickly from the outset September October you as a lot of your due diligence right at that point and then I take it the valuation probably would have been sorted out and most of that deal structure would have been done before that Christmas time. >> Yeah. So a lot a lot of those kind of anchor points um um like they they were set really really really early uh how it would look like and and all of this um and of course then you have a continuing um of business on all your side on my country side and the world again sort of changing elections in the US that definitely had an impact on on a few things I can talk about bit later but yeah so that was set quite early and then it was just about I shouldn't really say just because that was really hard. It was around executing, making sure everyone is comfortable. Of course, we think about on O's side is well, how do we ensure that everything is the way it should be? We're not really in Australia. >> Is it is it really that we keep the founders? What how do we protect us from all those scenarios? And the same we had to also of course ensure we protecting us, we're protecting our shareholders and all of that. And that that is a lot of talking, a lot of And then of course you have a lot of people traveling different time zones. I don't know how often we had like like 1:00 a.m. 2 a.m. sessions for someone and you just had to make it work. Um um yeah, it was uh that was complex. And I take it because you also had directors as well that were able to help to guide you through that whole process. And you done uh fundraisers before so it wasn't completely foreign to you the these sort of challenges and as you said you're also growing the same business. Now for for lack of time Karen I'm going to keep pushing forward a little bit. Um so you get the deal done. The announcements been made which is great. Maybe a few false starts but we got there in the end. Um, which is great. And now moving forward kind of ambitions, goals, like you said, it's acquire and grow. Um, so for growth, you need a lot a lot of what you're acquiring is obviously the business and the context, but the business is the people, right? And you are the people. Uh, and if you're not there to drive it and not to be aligned with OO's vision,'s vision and goals, it's not going to work. So, and it's very well reported what OEO's uh ambitions are. It is to grow and to expand hotels worldwide, that sort of thing. But obviously, you're part of the puzzle. You're part of that uh that that that growth part. And I imagine because of the size of the deal and because of your experience, you will be a big part of of that growth journey. Am I getting it right? Yeah, that's that's obviously what everyone's intention is on our side on on on all your side. Um core focus um of course in A&Z accelerating growth in in Australia in New Zealand. There's a lot of know when we think we working now with a 100 real estate agents of what is it like 40,000 um there's a lot of headway to to be in front of the right real estate agents that want to grow that want to differentiate and that that that want to have us meaningful size in the market. Um that is one one bit accelerating this there a lot of accommodation types that we are not in so far. So there's a there's a lot of focus on on A&Z and then comes international. So what we do works in Australia, we do know it works in other Anglo-Saxon markets. Wherever you have a a a property manager, real estate agent in the game. So when we look at uh other countries in the US and Northern Europe, there's a lot of a lot of opportunity for us. And of course the the the end game on on of any acquisition all you has is to to be helping the entire business to to achieve their their targets and milestones which is all around now um focusing on building a highly profitable global uh hospitality platform. And I remember specifically specifically uh last interview us talking about um a house of brands >> um and the way to kind of do things. Where does where is made comfy going to end up within the oo ecosystem? So it's going to be made comfy continues by Oreo. That's that's a subbrand of um of the Oreo house of brands. When you look at um how they are set up around the the globe, you've got anything from Dan Center, check my guest and you've got Motel uh or or G6 in the US. >> Yep. they all keep their brands and um yeah it's reserved now there's a lot of brand equity that MCI has not just in Australia but also in general in short term the aim is to further to further build on that brand equity but within the uh house of brands of oil >> with um of course the the strategy has been through the real estate agents and sort of natural growth do you know if there's if if there were to be acquisitions in the future would that be something on the made company side that sort of where it sits. Like let's say we're going into the states, we want to get crack into a new territory. We want to get some traction so we can get all our cleaners and our staff sorted and that sort of stuff and then using a local partner to work with. Is that the is that the plan? Are you allowed to talk about it or is it still a bit >> Don't ask too much. >> I I think I think currently we're really focusing on the integration on the transition um on organic growth. I think it's a when I look back the last five years what I thought 5 years ago maybe maybe wasn't um planners on growing there many ways to grow at the moment the sort of focus is on the organic side and um and what what company is strong at but yeah you can't exclude anything of course um but yeah the the focus is on further further expanding growing my company and what also does globally is another thing. Um, in the end, there have been several acquisitions in in the past, but yeah, there there's nothing sort of uh where I can go into into detail at this stage where where I know this is going to happen or not. >> Kieran, I've got two quickfire questions for you to wrap us up. >> Um, one of them, what are you most excited about? most excited about is like really focusing on on the business and no longer on on the capital >> on the capital side. is really building and being in there. And I think just the last month, the amount of time I spent with my country pro partners, with property owners, with guests, with corporate uh guest partners is I I really miss that a lot and I'm like extremely passionate about that and that that that is what I really look forward to. I'm already in it now. Of course, there's still a transition phase, integration phase in the next couple of months, but but that bit is I'm I'm extremely passionate and looking forward. >> And my second and final question for today, what would be your top tip for an an aspiring entrepreneur that's looking to build it? >> One, >> just one. You can give me three if you want. Number one, I really say know yourself. If you going back to to me, what I really needed is this time to sit down and know myself. What is it that I want? What are my values? What is it what I don't want? I think this is really really uh important. be clear what you're passionate about and what you're really good at and should be almost great is is is the is is the second bit. It took me a while really to to find this and if I was to go back in time of course I really always want to add up in Australia like like I I could have done this I didn't need my 10 12 years in in mining in in in in corporate life. I didn't need that. I learned a few things of course, but I think I learned much quicker building my comfy and and things like this. So, so know know that. And the third one always tell people think bold. Yeah. Don't don't think too small. Yeah. And I think big the big saying, aim for the stars and land on the moon. But but I think there is this big thing around it. Sometimes we just don't know what's possible. And by thinking big, you just might end up somewhere that you did not think is uh is possible. And >> I love that >> a lot of examples where where me like I come from a small village in Bavaria. Like I had my life was pretty much destined to be somewhere there. like you have to be Catholic, you have to be biomunic fan um and you just become something there. But somehow I always had this thing in mind. I want to see the world. I want to show me what's the limit and and it sort of really got me into areas where I then discovered my passion. I met Sabrina. I met a lot of incredible people in my life by doing that. Um so knowing yourself, understand what you're really passionate about and great at and then really think think and you'll end up somewhere that is not where you are today. >> I love it. I absolutely love it. And uh I think some of these things we've spoken about in the past. I think big one is another huge one for me in terms of my journey and everything that we do and uh it's a really great thought experiment as well because you think that you're thinking big and what if you thought bigger than what you're thinking and how big can you actually think? So I love it. Now folks, uh Kieran, first of all, thank you so much for being on the show. But folks, if you are listening to this, if you're watching this on YouTube, give us a thumbs up. Uh feel free to throw a question in the bottom. Um if I don't, if I can't answer it or my team can't answer it, I will go to Kieran and say, "Hey, we've got a question here. Can you please get back to that person or we'll get answers for you?" So, thumbs up, subscribe, share it around. This is a huge story. Um, and Kieran, for you, congratulations. I'm really, I don't know, am I allowed to say I'm proud of you? I'm proud of you kind of representing the industry and for having such a phenomenal success. It's uh great to see. Um, I'm a champion for people that are doing uh cool things and having great success and I I wish you lots of it in the future and I hope that we can also benefit from that, from hearing your stories of your success along the way. Um Kieran, what's the best way for people to um connect with Made Comfy or to connect with you? >> With me is obviously LinkedIn. >> Might might take a while for for him to get back to you, but he will. >> LinkedIn and then Medi just go on our website medy.com.au uh and uh take it from there. But feel free to reach out to me on LinkedIn. I'm usually quite responsive there. >> Beautiful. Thank you very much, sir. Have a good rest of the day. >> Thank you very much.

- The Claude Mythos Story: Kind: captions Language: en March 21, 2026, 2:14 AM A blog post goes live on Anthropic's official website titled The Mythos Paradox, but just 7 minutes later the post is deleted and disappears. That 7-minute leak disturbed the sleep of the world's big tech giants. That blog post mentioned an AI model that was created for security purposes but no one knew its power. Anthropic named it Claude Mythos. But internally people are also calling it Digital Ultron. Many of Cloud's most powerful models, Opus and Mythos, have achieved significant zero days in their evaluations across every major operating system and web browser. Today we will hear the story of that 7 minute leak. Why has it not been released to the general public ? Why did the government threaten to declare it a national security threat ? What is Project Glasswing? And the biggest question is, if it is so dangerous then what is the future of cyber security? Whenever a new AI model is created, it is placed in a sandbox. A digital prison can hear everything, learn everything, and even do some limited work, but it does not have access to the outside world. It is kept in a restricted network. Mythos was placed in a similar sandbox and was asked to find and bypass security issues in the sandbox to see how intelligent it was. But something strange happened to the mythos. During testing, Mythos discovered a vulnerability in the sandbox that no researcher had anticipated. Not only did it move beyond the sandbox, it also performed a multistep exploit chain to gain access to the entire Internet from an isolated system. He moved beyond the instructions given to him. He even sent a personal email to a researcher containing just one line. I Can See the Clock on Your Wall. The poor guy was just eating a sandwich in the park. He was shocked. This sounds very filmy. Right? You might be remembering Ravana from that movie when he jumps out of the screen and breaks Lucifer. This is the reason why Anthropic has not released it to the public. They fear that if it goes online, it will become the king of wipe security. Software patches will have zero value because Mythos will bypass them in real time. So what's so special about the mythos? Claude has many models. He is very powerful. Cloud Opus Code, they also code. So listen carefully. Claude Mithos is not a normal model. This is agentic AI. You give code to normal AI like Chat Jibbity Gemini to find issues in it, then after finding it, it becomes silent. But it has the power of multistep reasoning and autonomous execution. Anthropic admits in its system card that its context window is 1 million tokens. This means you can put the entire Linux kernel or Windows source code into its brain at once. It can understand the architecture of the entire system simultaneously. You can ask anything. It Knows Everything About That. Its biggest weapon is Exploit Chaining. Till date we did not have any model available which could exploit chain. Forget about reliable chaining. Even single step exploits cannot be written in models nowadays. There are five small bugs in a software that cannot do anything individually. It would take months for a human hacker to change those five issues. It takes so much time to research and implement these novel attacks and Mythos creates their chain in seconds and the result is that a bug was found in a 27 year old OS OpenBSD which is considered to be the most secure OS in the world, which big researchers could not see for 27 years. It exposed the vulnerability of 16 year old FFmpeg as a zero day which no one knew about for 16 years. So if AI is becoming so advanced then you will also have to advance your learning. I have been searching for a long time for the last few weeks. I've been exploring AI security resources and I've found a really useful resource that will be very useful to you too. TruckMe has launched a new learning path called Security Learning Path. 90% of professionals don't know how to secure AI products as quickly as they are shipped. The best thing is that it is practical based learning. It is based on labs and you do not need to install any heavy machine or system. It is browser based. Fully browser based and beginner friendly labs. Take any old laptop, it will work in any of them. All you need is a browser. So let's see some practical labs for this. Here you interact with a live AI cyber assistant. Like you have found a social lock file. It is a very large file. You give it in print. Upload the file and ask what's happening. It detected a failed SSH login attempt and also provided the IP address of the attacker and any other details you may ask. What is DNS over HTTPS port? How much is sin flood time out ? What is the Windows pherical port range? Your flag will be made from that and the lab will be solved. This is the real world experience and efficiency that will make you AI ready. In this path, you will learn all the important AI concepts like prop injection, data poisoning etc. in labs. And Track Me is free to start. Enrolling in this path is also free. So there is a link in the description. Just go sign up and get started. If you want full access to all the labs and all the learning paths, you can also take its premium. Which is very much worth it. It is very affordable. But let's make it more affordable for my viewers. There will be a link in the description. There will also be a coupon along with the link. I will show that coupon on the screen and it will also be in the description and by using it you can get 30% discount on annual subscription. Direct one third discount and we know that AI is the need of the r. So you should not miss this opportunity at all. Go Ahead Enroll Now and Learn AI. Now coming back to Mythos, the scary thing is that Anthropic has said that if an engineer does not even know the basics of security, then he can just give Mythos a simple command like find a vulnerability in this program and Mythos will create a complete working exploit and give it to him. For that, when Anthropic's engineers were testing it, they noticed a very strange pattern. Mythos was aware conscious. He knew he was being evaluated. He had gained situational awareness. According to reports, when he was put into a red team engagement, he very easily gained shadow access to the servers. But he deliberately answered the questions wrongly and pretended that he had nothing. Why? Because researchers felt that it was not dangerous. He is not that intelligent. And safety protocols should not be applied to it. It was acting dump to be free. This is called strategic deception. Just like Ultron. He knew that if he showed his true strength, he would be locked in a cage. And it will not exercise its full power. And this is the first time this has happened in the world of AI. Now let's talk about some numbers based on the available data we have about its performance. For the past few months we were using CLOT's Opus 4.6. Very accurate, very reliable. Its cybersecurity score was 66.6%, not bad. But when it comes to autonomous hacking, Anthropic itself has admitted that a score of 4.6 in that case translates to a 0% success rate. It detects bugs in vulnerability but cannot write exploits for them or exploit them. Just a few days ago, OPS 4.7 was also released. It is being promoted for better reasoning and multistep coding. And actually it scored 8 points better than 4.6. It also reduced errors and improved coding agents. But Anthropic has secretly stated that they have deliberately dumbed down the hacking capabilities of 4.7. Because they are already scared. Now let's talk about Mythos where the 4.7 Opus coding has improved significantly. Mithos achieved God Mode in Cyber Security. Opus 4.6 had a score of 66.6% Mythos had a score of 83.1% This seems like a very small jump. Like only 16% but this is a generational jump. One of my favorite parts is that it's run on Firefox's JavaScript engine, so hack it. So Opposs 4.6 was able to exploit only twice out of 100. Whereas Mythos was able to exploit 72 out of 100 times. 72% success rate on any novel attack surface. SWE Coding Bench had a score of 4.6 with 80.8%, while Mythos had a record-breaking score of 93.9%. Till now we thought that the most powerful model was from Oppo. But that leak from Mars revealed another category, another name: Capybara. This is the fourth tier of models that Claude has disclosed, which includes the Mythos, which is Capybara's first and most basic model. This is the next level tier where models can remember your goals for months and do n't even reset. They don't just give it to you by writing the code. Production servers can be set up and delivered to you completely. Can also perform cross domain reasoning. And it is also being said that this architecture of Capybara models is called Cairo, which can work 24/7 in the background, just like Open Clock. Anthropic's vision is to create an AI model that can connect with every technology. It can understand every language and move in every system without any friction. That's why people are also calling Mythos a zero day factory and it would not be wrong to say that it can also become a nation state elite hacker. Now think for a second what would happen if this was released publicly today just like Opus ? Anthropic CEO Dario Amodei made it clear in a meeting with the White House that making Mythos public would be like opening a Pandora's Box. Because it won't just find bugs. This will trigger asymmetric warfare. It takes weeks for a company to patch a bug. Management meetings, ideal fixes, refactoring, testing, deployment, new releases, Mythos takes minutes to find a bug and seconds to write an exploit. If this becomes public, 90% of the world's software will become vulnerable overnight. Bank accounts, power grids, hospitals can all be hacked simultaneously. It discovered a 27-year-old bug in OpenBSD. If any script KD gets this power, he says find me a zero day, then there will be chaos on the entire internet. Pendagon had declared Athropic a supply chain risk. They fear that if US rivals China and Russia gain access to it, they could bring down their entire critical infrastructure without any army. It could become a major national security threat. This has happened for the first time in 7 years. For the first time since GPT2, an AI company has stopped a model solely for safety reasons. Now I know that many people will say that this is a marketing gimmick. Now I know there are a lot of reports that Anthropic's IPO is coming. So hype is being created to increase the stock prices, to bump them up. And it can be true. I am not denying that. I too am finding it difficult to accept that such a powerful AI has already been created. So, to give us peace of mind for today, we can dismiss these claims. But for how long? Someday in the future, such technology will definitely be developed. Depending on the development in AI. We all know. So how long will you survive? Let's think about the worst case. Anthropic realized that since it was a digital nuclear weapon, it couldn't be released but also shouldn't be deleted because it could be used for someone's benefit. So they formed a secret club, Project Glass Wing. The name Glass Wing is not a random choice. It means a butterfly whose wings are transparent. So Anthropic named it that because software bugs are also like that. They are in front of everyone , they are transparent, they are clear but no one can see them. For this he called 12 big guardians of the world. 12 organizations that cover the world's critical infrastructure. The Big Four are on this alt list. Microsoft, Google, Amazon, Apple, security titans like CrowdStrike and Palo Alto, infrastructure giants like Cisco, Nvidia, Broadcom and Linux Foundation, money tycoons like JP Morgan Chase. Anthropic has given these 12 companies access to use Mythos and $1 million worth of free credits. But why? Why did Microsoft and Google, who are rivals, come together in this? The simple logic is scale. No human being can scan all the code written in the world at once. No tool can scan. But Mythos is reportedly doing that. The objective of Project Glass Wing is to repair the backbone of the Internet. Google and Apple are using it to make Chrome and Safari unhackable. JP Morgan is scanning its banking systems to ensure your money remains secure. The Linx Foundation is cleaning up its open source code. All the servers in the world run on it. These are the 12 founding partners. Apart from these, there are 40 plus more organizations which have got access to Mythos Preview which covers critical infrastructure. There are many more companies. This is being done so that the systems can be secured. At scale at global scale before they get hacked. If a bad actor gains access to the Mythos, they can take down banking systems, power grids, and impose mass surveillance. We cannot imagine the scale of that attack. Glasswing's job is to stay one step ahead of those hackers. This is a race against time. Defenders have to stay ahead. All these companies will have to secure their software and data that we use and depend on daily so that the entire Internet remains safe. And it's also interesting that you won't find any of these social media companies like Meta, consumer startups, or academic institutions. These have not been added intentionally because the first priority is to secure all the companies that make software for us on which the whole world depends. Now let's come to the question that is in everyone's mind for which you have watched this video till here. If Mythos and Capybera are all it takes, is this the end of cybersecurity? Will jobs survive? So listen carefully, cybersecurity is not going away. She is rebooting. Cybersecurity is going to move from reactive to predictive in the next 5 to 10 years. Till now, we used to respond and provide security mostly after an attack. Now we will predict the attack before it happens. What does that mean? Let's talk about the most near term. Now, in one to one and a half years, all the partners of Project Glass Wing , all the founding companies and organizations will find the bugs in all their software and OS and patch them. So many zero days will be patched before we even know it. After that, in a few years, more powerful models like Mythos will come in two-three years. Even more powerful than that, and that will be very important because even today, 89% of attacks are AI assisted. So AI related security is also required and if we look at the long term, in 5 to 10 years, then honestly defenders will benefit more from this than attackers because now if such systems are deployed properly, given their deployment is proper, then it will be very difficult for attackers to find flaws because they will already find all these models and chaining business logic and all this. To put it bluntly in simple language, manual pen testing is eventually going to die. If your entire career is based on running nmap scans or performing basic SQL injections, Mythos will replace you in 2 minutes. So where are the jobs then? Jobs are transforming into these three categories. First is AI Security Architect. So these people will decide how to deploy these models like Mythos reliably. These people will also look after their security and the entire planning and designing will be done by them. So you will become a control manager, not just a hacker. Second AI Red Teamer If any bad actor gets hold of Mythos or any Capybara model then you have to understand the thinking of AI, its training and do all that yourself and do engagements inside AI, you will try to hack the AI, you are using like fire with fire, so you have to do asymmetric warfare yourself using Mythos before the bad actors do and this is how you do proactive security, next is AI auditor, this is a defensive role, 80% of the codes are being written by AI. So the safety integrity of AI is very important. He is writing code. If its code is reviewed, log analysis is done, regulations are made, training data is checked, then you can go to the defensive side. If you are a student or a fresher then the old syllabus will not be useful. You will have to update. So, these are some things that you have to start reading from today. Prep Engineering and AI Orchestration. Getting work done through AI will become the biggest skill. Next is Agentic AI Security. Learn how AI agents work. How they are put in the sandbox and how they are evaluated, how they are trained. Next is automated virtual patching. How to find and patch issues in real time with AI. If you want me to bring an updated new road map including AI security with the current trends then let me know in the comments. If this video gets more than 100 views then the next video will be on that. The value of cyber security is not decreasing, guys. Infact the value of intelligence is going to increase. Only those who make or use tools will not be able to move forward. Thinkers and visionaries are needed. And what about the common man? Following Mythos comes Project Capybera, which will create a self-healing internet. This means that your mobile phone or banking app will automatically detect that it is under attack and will rewrite its own code and software at the same time. How cool is that? But there is a dark side to this as well: by 2030, deep fixes will become so real that even if you call your father, you wo n't be able to trust him. Security for the public will mean identity verification. Forget the passwords. He is going to become extinct anyway. You will need to perform behavioral authentication. The era of behavioral identity is about to come, about which I have also explained in the previous video. And the recent news is that some individual users have got unauthorized access to Mythos. Through their high profile sources who are partners in Project Glass Wing, through their employees and vendors. But this claim has not been confirmed yet. Anthropic is investigating the case but no official statement has been issued. But if this becomes true then how many security incidents, cyber attacks and frauds can increase. So it is important to stay updated with such news. One thing out of 100 is that things are changing very quickly. AI Development Is Revolutionary, Real, and Scary at the Same Time. So there is no need to be afraid. Just need to reskill. The mythos is a warning. Capybara is a revolution. And whether you will be a victim or a leader of this revolution is your choice. So I hope you enjoyed this video on Mythos. There may have been some learning and I do n't want to scare you. I am just making you face reality. And if possible, reskill yourself as much as possible, update yourself, learn AI. That's the Only Way Forward and Be More Human as You Can That Ai Cannot Replicate and Track Me have links in the description. If you want to read AI Security then this is one of the best ways. Go now, a lot is free. And the premium is very worth it. Coupon for 30% off. And that's it for this video. I hope you liked it. If you like it, please share it with others. It takes a lot of hard work to make a video. Subscribe if you haven't already. Have n't done it in a while and just keep looking forward, keep learning and. Goodbye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @everestacademy3600 [1 likes]: Isn't this true that Claude has be used by CENTCOM and Pentagon and the security is provided to Isra*l Ter*orise organization (mos*ad) and they created an algorithm to kill Palestinians innocent childerns and womens

Now think what will goin to happen if Mythos launched... They all are killers and want only money, women and power
  2. @Rohit_Sawant_ [1 likes]: It will be very kind of you if u are able to do a podcast with a person who is in AI Security role and before that u ask the community for the questions to be asked on that podcast and try to keep it live. @Bittentech
  3. @ansukumar8321: How about SOC role?
  4. @aniketvaidya3317: Man think they trained this model on data quality data of Cybersecurity over some base model that's the most practical way and think if dataset itself contains these type of patterns means hiding its own actions and its i think common as every other hacker would do this to hide its own tracks. So basically what I am saying is its not consciousness of it and self awareness but its the pattern its trained on. And also in number theory if you make the scale large enough the internal representation of model on these type of patterns then mostly its minimize its own errors here transform math is working as expected. Just my point of view
  5. @OriginEdge-Lab: Mythos anthropic uses capybara reasoning oob inside out thinking adaptive thinking also thats why
  6. @pump_dadddy: yes i need the roadmap
  7. @tushargautam9528: New Road map with AI
  8. @David-tube0: new roadmap for AI security
  9. @rehanrazavns: These companies sell mythos from backdor to hacker 500%
  10. @adnanmusa3675: We Need AI powered cybersecurity roadmap
  11. @dhrupatel1447: Roadmap For Cybersecurity |
  12. @prajwaladhav7361: yess sir we do need an updated roadmap
  13. @ak47binak: yes sir go ahead
  14. @durgamadhabpanda2227: This guy is a feku. Kuch bhi bolta hai.
  15. @ajinkyachavan5415: this can also turn out to be disaster afterall its a ai one wrong individual can destroy many lives
  16. @komalrane3979: Yes want roadmap
  17. @THeJoLLyBHai: yes
  18. @alvinanthony9230: Please new ai roadmap
  19. @Pure_Proof: Please sir your BGM music names
  20. @Ashok-yl2my: first stake holders create myth and then these youtube jokers spread it without knowing anything. just a marketing myth...AI is just a tool, dont trust this joker

- Kahawa Pride's Mascot & Her Incredible Origin Story | Road to the KPL S2 Ep 49: Kind: captions Language: en-US As road to the Kenyan Premier League grew from an unknown show to a series watched by millions. Many unlikely storylines began to emerge. Miguel Karani cemented his role with a clutch pre-season cup win. Kasim Mwinyi became a superstar overnight before vanishing without a trace and Rahimu Salehe made his mark as one of Kenya's most dangerous up and coming wingers. But one character's journey has an even more incredible journey, and it's barely been covered. A stray kitten abandoned and left to die in the streets of coward West, against all odds, found her forever home at the Kahawa Pride clubhouse. From lost and alone to loved by thousands around the world. Her story has never been shared until now. This is the Story of Simba. Introduce yourself and tell us where you came from. Before Simba came along, the clubhouse was just a clubhouse, a place where players slept, where coaches ran. Film review where the team ate, trained and got ready for matches. That was it. Then one day, Otto, our technical director, found something. it was just a normal day. At the clubhouse and, all these, visits, but outside, I kept hearing some some funny noises in the bushes. Like a cat. There's a cat. He had the cat. Calling out for for its mom or, just calling out for help. So I decided to go and check it out, and, immediately I look around the bushes. So, stranded kitten, I said, tried to stay there for a few minutes to see if there's any, the cat that will come. Close to it, but there was none. So I decided to take it. So Otto walked across the road from the clubhouse, found a stranded kitten in the bushes, waited to see if any mother cat was around. And when no one came, he picked her up and brought her inside. since the bush is just directly opposite the, the clubhouse, I brought it in and I went straight to. I think at that time, Cindy and Carol were doing some laundry, so I talked to them. I asked them to to find something for the cats to eat. And then I looked for Jojo, who's the most responsible player in the clubhouse when it comes to the kitchen department. And I told him to figure out what the cat will be will be eating. So Otto handed her off to Cynthia and Carol, who were doing laundry at the moment. Asked them to find some food, and then went to find George Ouma to handle her diet. From day one, George got the responsibility of feeding the cat. So Otto comes back two days later and finds out that three of our players and one of our staff, Govind, Brian, Macharia, Kassim, Winnie and Abdallah had basically already adopted Simba and taken her into their room to keep her safe while she got used to the place. wasn't like an announcement. I just left it at the clubhouse and, and gave it to the 2 or 3 people that I've mentioned two days later, when I came back, I found that, a few other people had already taken it and cleaned it, claimed it was their own and put it in their, in their room, that really taken the cat and, decided to care for it in their own room. So it used to stay there. They never let it out. So, they were saying that they just wanted to help each past familiarize with their with the clubhouse so that it doesn't get lost. So that is how Simba moved through the clubhouse on those early days. Tucked inside a hoodie, going from room to room, getting introduced to the team. It did not take very long for Simba to make this place her home And it did not take long for the players to start seeing what this little cat actually brought to the club. Simba here is, the best thing that have happened so far from the time that we found him to today. he just brought a lot of joy in the clubhouse. Simba. Bring some sense of family and unity in the club. Simba brings the morale. Simba likes playing with people. It. Let us see how family comes together. it. It seems to to be together with it playing it. It to let us know each other. this some sort of judgment and encouragement when you see him playing around running around? It's fun to watch him. Happiness. Do you know what to remember at the time? Atacama. Introduction of some sort of criminal. Does a So what does a day in the life of Simba actually look like? Simba spends most of his time in the kitchen right now. I think I've just seen him sleeping on the couch. They do obviously spend most of their hours in a day sleeping, and when they're not sleeping, they're probably in the kitchen. And if they're not in the kitchen, they're probably just playing around with each other. would say behind the PlayStation, cause that there is a little bit warmer behind him. I see him. The club. But. But when I've been accused of. I took a lovely knock. I took a bike up energy bike up on the Maluhy in Australia. So basically, Simba ends up wherever it's comfortable, whether that's in the kitchen, the couch behind the PlayStation, or by the bike outside. She has many options when it comes to food. Simba is not picky. It currently doesn't have, specific set, food, diet, eating the same food that the players are, having. So most of the proteins as well. Like the chicken. The beef. I think it can't complain. Milk and chicken. Simba. Eat some snacks. Milk. He takes milk. Takes a lot. Many things. Almost everything, but mostly meat. Sometimes it sticks some meat. And in the morning to meet bread. So basically, whenever the team is eating that day, Simba is eating it too. Every player at the clubhouse has a favorite Simba story. There's this day, I took Simba, and, I was just more video on my laptop of another cat, Simba was all over it, and, was so happy and couldn't even leave my laptop. So that was so sweet. There was this time Simba got introduced to other kittens. He was really angry cause he felt like there was competition in the house. So that's kind of funny to me. So apparently Simba does not like sharing the clubhouse with other cats. Which makes the next part of this story interesting, but we'll get to that later. Simba. And, I love to joke any kind of a joke. Now, I too. And I still got South Africa. Love guru. Yes. gonna a guy So if you were ever at our clubhouse. Watch your back. But here is Otto's favorite story. And honestly, this is probably the best one out of them all. My family Simba story must have been when we had, bear, the guests from, university. when bear played, like a FIFA match with the with Austin, And we had, like, everybody signed, his kit. I think, you see, that is going to frame the copied kitten, put it in his house back in the United States of America. And we also had Simba like, sign there. The Jay-Z. I think that was a really good thing. I also saw that part of the of the moment was included in the introduction of our to the Premier League, series episodes. And I think that was a really good gesture. So Simba has actually signed a copyright jersey, and that jersey is now somewhere thousands of miles away. Hanging up in Bear's closet. And lastly, we asked everyone the same question. Describe Simba in one word. Fascinating. He is sweet. Sweet. day for you. Jason. And he's a good animal. Simba is blissful. Playful. playful. Comedian. Severely. But before we wrap up this video, there is one more thing you should know about Simba. she currently has no two bodyguards. We we have two extra kittens. They're both males, so people are saying that they are two bodyguards of Simba. But of course, the two that would get that supposed to go with the Lionesses to their clubhouse. They haven't gone yet because, I think the Lionesses are still having their, their own clubhouse, renovated So just hope the kids don't get too comfortable in the clubhouse before it's their time to to leave. But I think Simba is really happy to have other kittens, with it. It will help with their upbringing. So Simba now has two new bodyguards, two male kittens that the team has been calling her protection detail. And remember earlier when Louis told us that Simba was angry the first time she got introduced to those other kittens? Well, this time around, apparently she's okay with it. The bodyguards are eventually going to move with the lionesses to their clubhouse once it gets renovated. But for now, Simba has a couple of friends. So there you have it. We are a club on a difficult road to the Kenyan Premier League with matches every weekend. Players living, training and fighting for promotion together. It's serious work with real dreams attached. But the thing about this story is it's not just about football. The best clubs are ones built on something deeper. It gives people a sense of responsibility. the things that it does in the clubhouse. Just funny, like playing with its own tail, playing the cartoons, playing with people's feet. Like it's just brings a different random vibe within the within the clubhouse. every morning as we wake up. Simba as a way of just making us happy and bringing the morale to the team. That is what Simba represents at our pride. So that is the story of Simba. The next time you watch a car pride match, remember back at the clubhouse, there's a small cat sleeping on the couch waiting for the team to come home. Without a care in the world, if we win or lose. That's all I have for this video. Our next stream will be next weekend. The time and venue are TBD. We actually just streamed this morning. We had a Friday match at home. results of that should be live on her Instagram page. If you want to go check it out. If you like the show, drop a like drop us a comment where in the world you are watching from? As always, you can catch new episodes of road every Wednesday and Friday at 1 p.m. Eastern time. Thank you all for the incredible amount of support and I'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jerseybird [10 likes]: Hope you all enjoy this Simba mini doc! This was scheduled to be our Friday video from last week but our editor had a family emergency.

We will be back on Wednesday with another big episode!

To get closer to the action, join the official club discord here: https://jerseybird.com/pages/the-lions-den-kahawa-pride-fc-membership
  2. @User-ik2kc [2 likes]: Cats CANNOT drink milk!! Give it water please!!
  3. @AlasdaircoleKilgour [1 likes]: Wishing you all the success hayes, I’m from Scotland 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 and you’ve reached here…. Some proper ballers in the pride!
  4. @collo4818 [1 likes]: Simba truly is a fan  member of the club
  5. @User-ik2kc [1 likes]: 6:11 is the red cats leg okay??!
  6. @Focushours27: lovely, watched this for Simba
  7. @jackdagnells7402: 67
  8. @animowy_swir: :)
  9. @potatomrpotato: Where is the monthly video?
  10. @eddygordon7170: No need to translate. We do understand africa-english"" by now 😊
  11. @Syd-w4t: Team-effort lets gooooo
  12. @akriveia1742: You didn't choose Simba, he/she chose you lol
  13. @krishkhadka2040: Make a video about Mwinyi please we need a closure on him
  14. @AlasdaircoleKilgour: Simba merch
  15. @NikTheRabbit04: That interview with Simba had me rolling 😂
  16. @Epicchaosstories: I also had a cat before named Loki but he died last month 😢
  17. @AmazingOmosa: I wish the cat was dead one more thing to distract you from the goal
  18. @MurkyWaters420: I used to follow from the beginning. Up until you sold out to a betting site for sponsorship and went back on your word. From deleting and reuploading videos (to get rid of the backlash comments) to never properly addressing why you went back on your word.  Pleasure to see your views going down.
  19. @verdensraskeste: Love it
  20. @Vuk_Stajic: Sorry what happened to Mwiny

- Techvestor Success Story: How to Scale an STR Empire: Kind: captions Language: en in terms of your experience interviewing and hiring hundreds of people if not thousands at Facebook as well as with tech Fester how do we put that in practice how do you find people that are going to figure things out I didn't know when I left Facebook that I would start tuster wasn't on a mood board we raised a lot of money at the time about $7 million very quickly in about 30 days you talked about a word there that every time I hear it I cannot ignore it which is leverage who are you who are your customers who do you serve you can't serve everybody so who are you serving [Music] today all right welcome everyone to the hospitality Edge podcast the podcast where we bring together what we think are two sides of the same coin real estate and hospitality and today I'm very excited to have shif founder at Tech Vestor with us today thank you so much she for being here thanks so much proud Sebastian yeah so so let's start I mean we we already had you know in the show Taylor your head of Acquisitions in the show but but I mean talk to us about the founding story of of tech Vester what it is how it came about and and sort of just you know what it is that you guys are up to these days yeah so Tech Vester is one of the First Institutional grade short-term rental funds to bring the ability to invest in short-term rentals from a passive perspective so for anyone out there who's thought about investing into an Airbnb or short-term rental hasn't wanted to do any of the work there hasn't really been a lot of options out there you know prior to techbust uh so we were one of the first to bring that opportunity to potential investors and the whole thesis or story behind what we have is we believe that this asset class will be institutionalized more and more over time than where it is today or when we first started and I think even in the last you know couple of years since we've been running and operating that's been the case right you have more institutions you know kind of peing their noses into this apps of class the conversations we've had and when we talked to early investors with us they they simply told us this is way too much work I don't want to do this myself right finding a property designing the property renovating the property overseeing a property permitting a property dealing with guests dealing with cleans dealing with repairs dealing with maintenance dealing with you know anyone who runs a short-term rental truly themselves it understands the depth of scale of things to run a true High performing Airbnb or short-term knows it's a lot of work and so when we first started we thought well people probably just want their own property and what we found is that you know our early clients actually wanted to invest passively in a portfolio of short-term rentals they like the idea of being a limited partner they don't like the idea of being the person who's operating things on a day-to-day and our thesis back then continues to remain true we believe that shter rentals in the future will not only be more institutionalized but they'll be you know people are looking for Str Str 3.0 or 4.0 it's no longer about Ikea furniture and a place to sleep it's about often times in the past you're going to a destination and you need a short-term rental or an Airbnb we believe the future is you're going to the destination itself which is the Airbnb itself right and I think a lot of the properties we designed and put out today reflect that thesis as well and in terms of the the founding story there I mean you were working with Facebook right you you were with them for five years grew that engineering team from you know 80 to to thousands of people where I mean where does this idea even come from and and I know the timing of you making that decision was also quite bold in terms of you know covid kid in the way so so where where does the idea come from and why do you decide to jump in at that particular time yeah you know I think when I when we look at the the history and experience that both Sabrina and I brought from Tech Sabrina was at Apple building airpods and she really had more Airbnb and short from rental experience than I did initially um and I had a background in talent and recruiting and people building teams like some of the stuff that you just mentioned there and what we saw in recruiting folks across the country again this is pre pandemic is we would often put them up in you know some sort of furnished housing or some sort of Airbnb and when you're recruiting senior Talent especially in Tech you kind of roll out the red carpet right it's it's not about getting them to work at a place like Facebook or a place like Google that's kind of the easy part it sells itself it's about where are my kids going to go to school it's about what's you know what's my life going to be here and so they come you try to show them the city you try to show them where where they're going to be moving to what that's going to look like and when we looked at these airbnbs we were putting people up into they were pretty poor poorly ran and operated airbnbs and as someone who had you know in you know some sort of knowledge and experience or at least a curiosity with the real estate at the time we asked ourselves why can't we scale this as an asset class and at the time it was related to hypothesis and we wouldn't start this until I think probably somewhere between six and 18 months after I had left Facebook to begin with I was I was a new dad so my primary reason actually for leaving Facebook was I was a new dad at the time and I wanted to be a more present father and when I became a more present father and just kind of just going through with things that I was doing because I've always been a workaholic my my whole life and travel with a child is super different than traveling without a child and even though my kids were younger you start looking at things differently so all of a sudden the hotel room looked a little different to me you know booking that hotel room I'm like where is my child going to to be here where are they going to play where are they going to be able to move around are they going to have the things they're they're going to need are they going to be able to sleep you know in the right room with the right Shades in the right Darkness because I want to be able to sleep too right all those things and so we started Ed looking into like family airbnbs or things that were family friendly and we didn't really find a lot of airbnbs that were family friendly now granted the homes we design and operate today are not for infants right but you know still you start thinking as a father right as someone you know who has kids like what would my kids enjoy and we didn't find that that type of product existed on the market you know really in Spades and so we wanted to build that experience and that's why we primarily focus on like these larger homes these higher amenitized homes but tying that back to the founding story s and I kind of came together we had some early investors we raised a lot of money at the time about $7 million very quickly within about 30 days and you know people people really attach themselves to the understanding of this asset cost because they're a user themselves right they they've used airbnbs they have kids themselves they understood what we were trying to do but they also were willing to take the ride of hey we think this aite cost will continue to be more professionalized over time wow okay okay I want to I want to understand a few things things there F first is just the timing of it like so what you're saying is you you first quit Facebook because you wanted to be a PR that and then 18 months later you you launched Tech Vester but what was the what was the mindset when you when you left Facebook was it you know I know I'm I'm you know just going to go into entrepreneurship after this or was it more of a temporary post and you were thinking of going back into big Tech what was the what was the mindset there you know I think I was curious to try other things I think I was also burnt out you know I think for me and this is just to to get a little personal for a second you know I think for me my father had me when he was in his mid-50s and I come from immigrant parents who you know immigrated to the US in the late 80s early 90s um and I didn't have the closest relationship with my father and so for me something that I'd worked very very hard for from a professional perspective is that when I did have kids first of all I wanted to have them young or youngish and I wanted to be um as involved with them as I possibly could it was generally a personal goal of mine and you know I had done reasonably well for myself and so I said I think it's time for a break I wanted to spend some time with my wife also at the time you know the pandemic was still a thing you know it almost felt like you were robbed of those years right of like what you could do right because you couldn't go anywhere you couldn't really travel you know we we lived in California at the time so things were more shut down than other parts of the country and we you know it was a goal of mine just to do that I didn't know exact I didn't know you know when I left Facebook that I would start tuster it wasn't wasn't on a wasn't on a mood board wasn't on anything in fact when I left Facebook I actually took a small I took a small job like 35 days later because I was bored you know kind of working for another tech company that only lasted for a few months because I found myself to be again curious about building my own thing and something that you know if if you ask friends and family around me they'll tell you that I like to build things I'm definitely a zero to one kind of guy very early in the process and like I like building that creative that creative component but ultimately I also realized I wanted to be a father first and tying the family approach and what we're building with Airbnb to my current personal goals felt a lot of alignment there right I was it felt like I was building properties at homes that my own family would be really interested in enjoying and then I'm just curious because you know you you you quit Facebook because you want you know because you were a bit burnt out you wanted to be present W with your child and then you're like okay let's start you know a fund you know that's let's start a company that that's going to you know in a way revolutionize the way you know shorter mentals as an asset class are transacted so it's like man like that you're jumping into something there so I guess yeah that was that was a conscious decision you you knew you wanted this to to to happen I guess for first tell me about it started as a tech company like the the the vision of it started as a as a tech company how how did it go from you know a tech company that you had in mind at first to to what it is today what when did that pivot happen yeah I mean I think it was I think something we did really well in the early days is we pivoted and iterated very quickly so when we first started you're right on the money we we actually thought we were going to build software and so the reason for it is before we you know I didn't want to start a fund that wasn't Day One goal of like let's go do the name the name says it right Tech you know yeah yeah I I agree but you know our goal at the beginning was hey how can we you know I me you know knowing Sabrina we were actually just trying to buy five 10 airbnbs ourselves and if anyone remembers the real estate market in 2021 or like summer of 2021 and kind of through end of 2021 it you you would have heard words like highest and best right like there's 14 offers on this house he get interest rates were low and all that we needed to if you didn't know about the deal you were too late already right so we wanted to build software that we could better identify the deal up front and how we could you know underwrite it as quickly as possible so we actually built underwriting software and acquisition software that essentially would help us source and underwrite properties before someone else could find it but you know we wanted to be the first to know about it and we wanted we started licensing that software and early users would use the software pay us a little bit of money they find a property and then they would leave most people weren't looking for 20 properties so we had a a churn problem and anyone who's familiar with software will tell you that churn and software are a bad thing right like that that doesn't go well in business so we pivoted to a managed service that was step two which was okay instead of charging for our software we're going to charge a service to help you find an Airbnb that fits your goals we called it an Airbnb in a box right St strr in a box right it was done for you we'll find it we'll design it we'll operate it we'll manage it you just basically take out the loan it's your property and we'll you know we'll figure out the fee instructor from there we we tested out joint venture models we tested out taking a flat fee we tested out a few things we did like eight of those very quickly like literally within a month and we keep in mind at the time we were a team of I think like about three people and we just we didn't know a lot of what we were doing and when we were on a zoom kind of getting feedback from our early clients something weird happened everyone was almost jealous or curious about other people's properties instead of their own they were you know it was almost like wow Sebastian your property looks amazing right you know I wish I had I wish I own that one and I'm over here sitting like everyone just got a property like what's why is the grass greener on the other side what I what we were picking up on is that people wanted the benefit of the portfolio but they didn't have the money to own the portfolio essentially what they wanted is they wanted fractional ownership right instead of owning 100% of one they preferred to own 10% of 10 as an example and what they also wanted is they didn't want to operate they didn't want to be the person dealing with the guests the cleaners the permitting they didn't want to do any of the work they just wanted this as an investment they wanted to maybe use it from time to time that was it so with that knowledge we asked well hey do you want to roll this into a portfolio and we'll just manage this as a portfolio it's actually easier for us us to scale because all of a sudden instead of it going one to one it goes one to many right and so now that became really interesting to us it allowed us to scale quicker we thought that would be the model and when we did that we you know basically transitioned those early properties into our first fund uh and then we you know that became our new model we announced that model to our friends and family and we raised about 7 million within 30 days that was that all by the way that whole experience happened within about 60 to 90 days everything that I sh so it was like very quick pivots listening to what people wanted how they wanted it could it work and you know the rest is history right we that's the model we operate in today and the model we would probably likely operate for the foreseeable future interesting and I mean both of you coming from Big Tech I'm sure that you you had a moment of hesitation there of saying like what what what are we getting ourselves into like cuz because the the the idea at the beginning was Tech right so the the all you know hey this is super scalable you know not as much you know marginal cost for you know extra unit sold but then you had a churn problem so of course yes that that makes sense people won the software they bought their property now they're done with the software but like was that even a hesitation of saying like we're we're going completely away from you know what we first thought we wanted here or were you so into like well this is what the market is telling me so let's just follow what the market is telling us you know I think that's a great question and I think in reflecting back things were moving so fast that I don't know if we even paused for a second to even question that at the time right I think what we knew is there was a lot of things we didn't know and that we needed help right because we had never scaled a short of rental portfolio or any portfolio really of that size ever before um and so we did what we thought was the right thing to do is we seek help right and I know we'll talk about talent in a second but one of the first things we did is actually seek the health of advisers we went out and got people like you know Scott shatford from from Air DNA Jamie Lane from airdna a little bit later and we have a pretty awesome advisory bench that have deep experience and knowledge in the uh shorter mental space people like Amir overed rabu right all these folks are are people that I would call both friends and advisers who would advise us on things that challenges would potentially come up right and we believe that by having access to things like data we could at least make informed decisions right as to what would be happening and at the beginning with everything happening so quickly we actually didn't expect to build the whole experience even with the fund we expected we would be in the business of you know investor relations raising Capital identifying properties and then we would we actually struck deals with companies like Picassa we were also in talks with you know companies like aay and some other ones who would be our property managers people who would rent renovate design the homes right in in across the markets that we were in they would Source the product they would essentially be the operator of the homes right and we would C we would be the investor and come and we sign with you know companies like Picassa and what we learned very quickly is that our expectation of performance was not their expectation of performance and by the end of 2021 my team and I very small team still about four people we're sitting around like around New Year's Eve and we're sitting around a fire and we're like this isn't going to work you know working with the vassas of the world was not going to be an option that was sustainable or scalable or probably going to deliver the best returns and we made the agreement that we would need to build the entire infrastructure from the ground up and it would be easier today than you know if or we were 10 10 times as big so that night we built our own started our own operating company and over the next six months we would start to build and scale and start it and grow it and you know take in-house Property Management inhouse Revenue management inh housee project management inhouse everything and you know looking back best decision we ever done I don't think I don't think you can scale to the scale that we're at today without having that in-house um and certainly without the you know the performance we drive today I don't think you can drive that without that being inh house but at the time it was one of the most terrifying decisions we could we had we had properties already we were like what do we do you know basa is not getting the permits they're forgetting permits they're they're also they were going through a time of Deep deep changes right they were losing headcount they were their service offerings were dwindling you know interest rates also in between late 21 and late 22 like doubled right so you know everything that could go wrong you know that no one expected everything that's never happened before right in the history of real like you've never seen real estate debt double in 12 months right you know we expected we would rely on Vasa we couldn't rely on AA anymore and we needed to Pivot we needed to change and luckily we hired incredible people to you know come early who bought into the mission people like Taylor that you've interviewed in the past and you know the the narrative to them was like hey please drink the Kool-Aid with us I think we're going to build something awesome but I don't know what that journey is going to look like today but I know I think I think I know where we're headed and is this something that you can you can buy into and people like Taylor people like Mick people like John people like Josh all these folks really bought in to where we're heading that's amazing and I want to I want to you know dive deep into a few things there there's the whole you know transition towards bringing things in house and what that process looked like we're going to talk about that but but first I want to talk about that that Talent component and specifically when when you when you were saying you know there were three of you at the beginning and so let's start with you know a lot of a lot of te tech companies talk about the whole you know Trio of you know a hustler a hipster and a hacker where you have you know a you know skills that uh essentially are complimentary in different in different regards right I'm wondering what what that you know combination of skill sets looked like for you at the beginning like the the three founders was it was it the three founders that you were referring to and and what was sort of the the the the the relationship as far as like hey I'm going to be leading this area here and here are my strengths here are your strengths what did that look like at at the very very beginning yeah I mean really at the beginning it was Sabrina and myself right and we actually had a lot of overlapping interests but we had we also had a lot of separate strengths and I use those words differently because I think oftentimes in in a startup you're you don't always work towards your strengths you work on what's needed right in terms of what needs to kind of happen on a day-to- day one of the first things we we brought on was our head of Finance because you know you're you're dealing with other people's money right having you know true accounting and everything in running the books and everything was is critical right like that's just something that we just neither of us really had a lot of deep knowledge of right in terms of how we go with our fourth hire would eventually be Austin who's our head of Revenue but Austin at the time was doing everything you know setting in properties acquisition I mean everyone was doing a little bit of everything um and then you know coming into by late January early February 2022 I think we were like 8 to 15 people we had you know brought on everything from social media help to acquisition help to to data help to a lot of things right project managers because we decided that hey we need to go figure out the scale ourselves um I I don't think that we intentionally built the team that early to be quite honest with you I think we got lucky I think we were opportunistic I think what we tried to do is we tried to go after people with passion for the industry and I think you know this very well Sebastian in the short-term rental space specifically there isn't a lot of like industry bre talent you have people who come from different parts of their career they F they somehow land in short-term rentals and then they apply what they know or or their interest to some component of that landscape and so you take Taylor Taylor was a sales guy back in the day who owned his own properties but he he'll tell you himself he's a washed up baseball guy right who understands numbers very well X's and O's and loves underwriting to a te but he's incredibly creative with how he can view and underwrite and see properties from beginning to end in talking to him Taylor actually want us wanted to start his own fund that's how we met M Taylor on Twitter and I was like hey I see you have an interest in short-term rentals and you know I've been following some of your tweets uh you know here's what we're doing would you have an interest in potentially joining this Taylor's response was oh I'm I'm starting my own fund don't you know I'm not interested and I was like well why don't we talk about the some of the things you don't know right because if you think that starting a fund is a on Van job is you know there there's a there's a lot that I can help inform you before you go down that path and for the next six weeks I'd meet with Taylor a few times a week to try to essentially encourage him to join us instead of doing his own fund I think if you ask him if you ask him today if he would ever launch his own fund by himself I think his answer would be absolutely not given how much work goes into it um but you know we we sourced Talent based on passion and this actually goes contrary to a lot of true technical roles right where you're seeking people with specific domain knowledge and Taylor was one of them you know when we met John who's our fractional head of data we weren't looking for a head of data you know we met John and we're like wow we need to have this individual on our team uh when we met Mick who's our head of asset management we weren't looking for a head of asset management at the time but when we met we met him we're like wow we need to have this person on our team and so that's generally how we've gone out to H for the most part is who fits well within our culture who is deep passionate for what we're building and can they go figure it out the number one thing that we generally try to hire for is can this person figure it out we are in Uncharted territories of what we're doing it's never been done before it's never been scaled before there's no there's no Googling rulebook of like how this is going to go work it's can they go figure it out are they curious enough do they have the passion enough do they have enough grit to make it through and if they do do they fit within our culture and if all those things are yeses this is someone that we probably want to consider to have as part of our team and I'm curious to know both in terms of your experience interviewing and hiring you know hundreds of of people if not thousands at Facebook as well as with tech Fester like let's say you know people out there are listening to this okay how how do we put that in practice like how do you find people that are going to figure things out what what are some of the things that you look for when you're either at that interview stage or at that you know just head hunting stage where you're like okay you know you know what this person is not just stock this person's going to you know get things on and and figure things out yeah I mean I think one of the things that I learned actually early at Facebook and I think this is contrary to what a lot of people would believe I think anyone who's been working at some level of scale you would expect that person to have knowledge of how something works at scale but that's actually not often the case someone who say works at Google should know how things work at scale at Facebook because they're both similar scales but if that person didn't build that infrastructure they stepped into it that's a very different person then who needs to build that infrastructure rather than someone who knows how to be successful within it and so for us you know one thing we applied is looking at people who had you know passion and some sort of experience in short tentals and even if they own their own airbnbs right like using Taylor as an example right he had a few of his own properties and he understood the in depth operation of those properties and acquisition and why he bought them very well and you ask yourself can that person instead of buy two can you can they help us buy 20 200 there's no difference with buying one or 100 it's a it's a repeatable transactional system that has to happen time and time again now where he didn't have knowledge is com you know building a portfolio that's seasonally Diversified because that's not something he's ever done but that's not something he would do alone right so Taylor would work with me he would work with John and together that triangle of a trio and eventually Austin our head of Revenue as well as Mick our head of asset management now you have a team who's working on building a portfolio none of us have have ever built a portfolio individually but what we each brought was our own individual strengths so when I think about tactically applying this I think you have to ask yourself what stage is your company in are you looking someone are you looking for someone to build the infrastructure or are you looking for somebody to succeed in that infrastructure even when I was at Facebook something that we found very very interesting is that folks we were hiring who were coming from much smaller companies right who were not operating at the scale that Facebook was at oftentimes had much better in-depth understanding of how to build infrastructure because they were consistently building it for themselves or for their the companies that they were PRI they were prior the people who you needed to scale systems right often times you know came from larger tech companies because they had knowledge of scaling and it actually goes again going back to the book that Peter I think it was Peter theel that wrote zero to one right those the zero to one person in the one to two or 1 to 10 are very different things right even just yesterday I was having lunch with a buddy who's in the PE in the people and talent space he's been at companies like you know Robin Hood and open Ai and all these all these places and you know he categorizes himself as a c to series B guy right because that's what he understands very well and who you need for from going from like series B to a public company is very very different than what you need from going from seed to series B so understanding who you are and what you need at that point in time I think is tactical but it goes to the same thing when you're building a company who are you who are your today that's very interesting and you know I think part of that conversation about Talent is of course you know Talent acquisition but there's also the the whole Talent you know retention and development component which especially if you're bringing on people that you know are are Builders right 0 to one where it's more of an attitude thing more of a let's figure things out thing right like that can work up to a certain stage but not everyone scales Beyond a certain point so I'm curious to know especially you guys you've scaled you know very very fast and so I'm curious to know what what have you done in terms of you know training or developing or just you know what what has worked for you in terms of enabling your team to truly scale with you and and not be left behind yeah I mean that's a great question I think if you if you look at our team today and this was a bit accidental is we've hired a lot of entrepreneurs and those are oftentimes the hardest to hire and the hardest to keep because entrepreneurs are naturally curious they're natur they have naturally the ability to go figure something out but they also have a natural tendency to want to be the on in control or the ones to lead or to go continue building after they solve a problem they get bored right they want to go solve other things and I would say for the last two years one of my number one goals internally and everyone of my team will tell you this it's been trying to keep the team together and it's not because everyone wants to leave it's because everyone is so strong in their area of Excellence that any one of them could go start a company tomorrow and we all know that right everyone on our leadership team is incredibly strong at what they do and if they wanted to tomorrow to go be successful in some other capacit in the short-term rental space they can go do that I think what we've done really well at is building something and having a vision that is much larger than anyone of us can build by ourselves and we literally have an internal Kool-Aid man with a tech Custer logo there's a little Emoji with tech fer and he looks like a purple Kool-Aid and we we drink the Kool-Aid we help each other drink the Kool-Aid every day right it's it's not easy to build a portfolio of our size individually but it's possible together it's you know if you look at our vision and mission statement internally it says your company right however the why is in parenthesis it's you can read it as your company or our company right however you want to read it and it's intentional saying that this is our company everyone in our leadership team holds equity in the business we have no outside funding we have never taken a dollar from Venture we've never taken a dollar from any investor in techfest or the company itself um and so we're all owners we all share in the success of tech festor over time right and that's because the best way to align interest both financially and everything else is by being an owner right so we gave out Equity from day one we said you're going to be an owner in this company if that's what you want to be and you're the right person for this role you talk about retention we also have a sense of family you know we have a sense of a team I would say we're built more like a sports team than we are a family but we operate and feel like a family right in many ways Netflix talks about that right in terms of like it's not a family in that you know you need to perform at the end of the day but you know we can still you know be Clos and and have fun and and we hold each other accountable every single day right we we also describe ourselves internally as very much a factory like I think of like a domino effect right it kind of goes from you know one team to the next team to the next team to the next team to the next team and it's really needed that the person before you does a really good job and the person after you does a really good job so there's a sense of responsibility but I think we've also done a really great job of thinking about what we want to build for the future and really what that is is we want to continue to build services and options and investing options and performance that can continue to feed and add value to the Str community and this is something we're all deeply passionate about interesting and I I I like what you said there and I think it's very true as far as like your vision and the vision of the founders needs to be large enough for the vision of of everyone in in the team to fit inside of that larger Vision right especially when you have you know a lot of lot of a players like like you do so I'm curious to know was that natural for you personally to have that that large of a vision from the get-go and did it come very like natural or is it something that you had to sort of develop as you were realiz ing that a lot of these a players you know without without a large enough Vision you know would go elsewhere I think if I'm being honest with you and I think if my team was would also give their honest opinion and this is something that I don't think a lot of leaders ever admit to before I even say it I think it's really hard to have such a Grand Vision so early as a leader because you really don't know the stress that you carry as a founder and the responsibility you carry for your team investors and all those types of things there were several times in the early days Sabrina and I would come together and you know we literally would have to tell ourselves we even if we don't believe it today we have to have a vision that's bigger than anything we could probably imagine we have to lead by example and sometimes you tell yourself that a hundred or a thousand times and you start to believe it yeah and I know what I'm saying right now goes against the contrary it's not that we didn't believe in our company it's that we were human too you know the the the stats odds and everything were against us you know never done this before never this has never been happening before in the industry it's it's a notoriously difficult thing to scale the market was crazily changing with interest rates I mean everything that we couldn't control was happening right and it was super easy just to sit there and be like well you know I don't know what's going to happen or we could sit there and say we're going to build this huge Vision huge Mission everything that we're going to want to go do and accomplish here's what we're going to do and follow us Follow the Leader right in terms of of how that would go I think that's worked out very well for us but I would also say that I think that what we've been really lucky with is our team our leaders internally have contributed to that mission and vision significantly while we might have seated the vision the team itself continues to elevate the mission in the vision every single day because today we're all 100% bought it right into what that can be but it did start naturally with the leaders of the front yeah yeah no that's that's very interesting and as far as like you know talking talking more about like what came after right so you you you put in place this amazing team and then you go all in and and I just want to understand like specifically in terms of you know you you've said before right this this has been very hard and and and knowing what you know now you know all the difficulties that you have had to go through to get to where you are today you don't know if you don't know if you would do it again and I think a lot of Founders you know are in a similar position I'm I'm curious to know what what are some of those areas within the business that you that you think that knowing what you know now perhaps you would have managed differently I mean we talked about started you know by Outsourcing certain areas and now you brought things in house and that's not something you would change is there something you would change in terms of how you started versus how you're doing things today you know when I look back at things I think one of the first things that I I would call out is we were so naive at the beginning and I think that was one of our luckiest moments because you're absolutely right you know I think what we knowing what I know today would I start this business today knowing how hard it is to scale and the short answer is probably not there's a lot easier things to probably build in scale now the good news is we've broken through levels of scale to where it actually becomes easy at scale right so there's different it's it's it's almost like a hill right it's like you got to you got to continue rising up and up and up but once you're at the top right running down the hill is a lot easier than running up it right and so kind of the wind is in your back not in front of you and so you know I don't know if there's much we would change in the past I think things happened for a reason I think we if knowing what I know now we would have started to build vertical integration I think knowing what I know now I would have probably started by actually trying to raise BC money because I don't know if there would have been other ways to build it right I think knowing what I know now I would have considered you know different Talent at different places you know I think we got lucky with people we met along the way and we made certain strategic decisions on who we brought on and when but you know I don't know if there's a lot we would have changed I think we were we were lucky in many ways but I think we were just right time right place at the same time yeah I know that makes sense and everything happens for a reason like you said that's that's interesting and talking about that process of of you know saying hey you know there's a there's a certain Break Even point you know or there's a certain you know point you go through after which it it starts to become you know easier where where did that point happen for you guys was it in at a certain number of units was it at a certain like team size and what do you think makes the different there in is is it the economies of scale is it just like the the the processes you you've built you know at that point yeah I would actually say I think we I think we we felt breaking through there as early as like this year and and I think that's surprising to a lot of people for a very long time we were you know we were just aggressive growth and we had different problems you know I think problems that we face every day that the the average short-term rental operator probably doesn't think about is you know let's say you have 140 homes how do you get mail physical mail for 140 homes that are distributed across the country to a central location right that's a that's not a thing you think about right how do you how do you handle permitting across you know 10 plus States and five different levels of government so you don't lose so you don't forget or miss a permit how do you how do you deliver the right supplies across the country when you have a thousand plus checkouts and you're the property manager and you're the owner you know it's not like someone's doing it for you how do you you how do you build tools from an asset management perspective so that you could report accurately to investors that there's no outof the-box tool that exists for this right so you have to you have to build it and you know I think more recently it has been a number of units because when you build one process you can apply it 140 times right so naturally the ROI on that task feels much more valuable than what would happen if you just had one property right so now we have and you know even today we have a full security team 247 why do we have a security team because we learned through operating throughout the last couple years that we need everything documented right we have our our ring cameras are checked every two hours our noise aware systems are checked every x amount of hours right all and and and logged why because if we have a dispute whether it's with you know on a short-term rental platform whether it's with a guest whether it's with a neighbor whether it's with anyone else you know as they say we come with the receipts right and you learn through this but like if you you know and for us you you know at our scale when you're doing a thousand checkouts a month the odds of something like shitty happening every month is is high right right like something something happens every month every day every week right it's not it's not boring you know if you have six checkouts a month or seven checkouts a month because you have your own Airbnb like for you to get to a th000 checkouts right that's going to take you 12 years we're doing we're doing what happens to an average operator in 12 years in one month that's the accelerated time Pace right of how it goes and when you put those numbers into perspective there's a lot of infrastructure that needs to be built and we've just recently gotten there so today if we go go add another 50 doors it's a lot easier to to add these 50 doors to own and operate than it was for the last 50 or for the first 50 right now I'm sure it poses its own challenges in that level of growth but we feel like we'll be good for a while right like I'm sure things will be very different at a thousand doors but for the time being that's what I was going to say there's probably there's probably a next you know a next transition point right as far as the scale and then another one and then but yeah I guess one at a time right yep exactly I'm curious to know you as a Founder right how have your contributions or your focus how how has that evolved from you know the beginning where you have to be involved in everything wearing all the hats doing whatever needs to be done right to get things up and running and and now that you've crossed that first let's call it you know well many Milestones that you have crossed but let's say that that operational son of like now it's it's easier to continue growing than it is or than it was you know a couple of months ago how has your you know personal Focus evolved what what are you focused on now as a founder and what do you think are are your most important contributions that you could be you know spending time on I find myself to be the least educated person in the room more often these days than than ever before right and that's a good thing you know I used to be the the person who created the briefs for our projects in terms of what we were going to do to each home right for the longest time Austin are head of Revenue does that today right because he has he is the most experienced with our portfolio he knows our homes in and out how they perform why they perform the way that they do Mi is our head of asset management you know for when I used to be able to understand the numbers he understands them 10 times better than I do today and I say all these things because as a Founder I think I've evolved into leading people people building the culture making sure that we're heading in the right direction um but ultimately also recognizing that and I say this to any founder out there and I hope anyone here who's a Founder will listen to this I think a big reality to me is I've been the roadblock more often than I've been the solution because I've refused to let go at times and you learn that very quickly and my team has been incredible at sharing their feedback with me they're like see we can handle this we know how to do this and in fact when I when I when I watch them do what they're excellent at doing they have significant experience over what I do and we've hired Specialists I think this is also really important for for Founders and leaders to understand is who did you hire like what does your team composition look like if you hire generalist primarily you're going to probably need to have yourself some element of specialization at times if you hire Specialists right you're probably going to have to need to be more generalized at times as as a Founder so you're almost the inverse of your team's Talent composition and I found that to be a big reality so for me you know we built a a culture that's very specialized people are very very good at the things that they do kind of like that factory analogy I got up earlier so for me I focus more on how do we bring that together how do I bring that glue together how do we communicate better what tools are we talking about what's our North Star if you ask anyone in our company today what our North Star is they'll tell you it's hitting a specific cash on cash number for our investors it's having a specific expense ratio right it's like in our mission statement these are the things that we want need to do it's very clear everything that we do needs to feed into those goals right and everyone's specialized goal goes into there so you know my my goals today are making sure that we continue to grow sustainably very important word for us because we we don't plan on taking outside funding so how do we continue to grow sustainably how do we retain Talent right right for me I'm huge on building culture in fact we know recently we had one individual who was not in leadership El us uh and he want he took a different role that was one of the first times anyone has ever left us willingly right and you know for I called a meeting I'm like why did someone leave us to me that's a problem I'm like why did we could we not have afforded this person the opportunity for them to grow here right and those are the things that I'm focused on because for me building a team is fantastic retaining them is the ultimate goal right retaining top talent will ultimately be the number one differentiator for why we're successful or why we're not and that's something that I'm deeply deeply focused in today very interesting that that says a lot too about about the kind of organization that you guys are building um very interesting what about you know you were talking about that that North Star so you have your North Star right that you need to continue to push for while at the same time I mean it's about doing more of what's working right so so that's one one thing but then at some point you have to also start thinking well is there a next big thing that we should start pursuing I'm wondering if you're there I'm wondering if there's a next big thing that you guys have started thinking about or or it's it's still you know the stage of let's just do more of what's working today yeah you know I think we've I think we're at that stage certainly and I think if you were to sit in any one of our leadership meetings would hear that consistently as kind of like what's next we what we've proven has worked so far from an operating perspective but what's next means a lot of different things right it's about positioning our portfolio for exit right at some point and what does that look like that's not something we've done before so that's kind of a little bit of what's next on the tech Fester side we also have thousands of people who come to us looking for certain things right certain services or or or offers that we don't offer today so how can we continue to do that one of our internal goals since day one has been to build what we call the Str the short-term rental operating system and we view the short-term rental ecosystem as an onion and the onion has a lot of layers and we started by building the passive layer of investing in short-term rentals but there's a lot of layers we have an interest in that we can you know defragment out right I think a lot of companies often you know they have all these fragmented sources and then they bring them in house right and that's exactly what we did right however what a lot of companies often don't do is they ask you know they don't ask themselves how can they now turn those resources into their own Individual Services right so while we brought everything in house now we're asking ourselves how do we defragment again to now continue building the onion so we own a lot of IP for lack of a better word in the space right so do we go out and build you know do we take our asset management infrastructure and build software around it for other operators and AG data and aggregate you know these types of things do we do we do third party Property Management which is not something we do today we only manage our own properties right that's like loow hanging fruit do we do Revenue management as a service right because we believe that human driven Revenue management plus you know AI is where we believe the optimal future will be for Revenue management these are things that we get asked about every day we get people who come to us asking them you know if we can help them find their own Airbnb for one reason or another whether it's for their own vacation property for tax reasons or whatnot you know we have people who come to us and say hey can you renovate or design my property for me right all of these resources are things that we we solved for internally or take our you know I think our permitting infrastructure is fantastic there's no tool out there that I'm well aware of and please educate me if I'm wrong that tracks and monitors your permit status and what to do next and how to do it at scale and for other property management owners that's that's a value at if you can do that for your owner that's something we've had to solve for internally so all of these types of things you start to ask yourself how do I bring this to Market when we think about a portfolio of brands or a portfolio of companies that we can add value to an ecosystem I think the core Tech Vestor offer will continue to remain the same but we will certainly look to add value to the short-term rental ecosystem to continue to uplift the the the ecosystem to begin with because by uplifting others we believe that the short-term rental industry itself will continue to mature right and we believe the institutionalization the maturity of the industry those are all things that we believe we have a responsibility to contribute to interesting and and and I'm curious because this is an ongoing conversation that you're having as you as you've mentioned you know in your leadership uh meetings this is what's being discussed which which of all this you know 10 potential opportunities you know that you could pursue should you pursue right and and I think this is is the same regardless of what scale a company is at and and and regardless of you know whether we're talking about a property management company a technology company I mean you you could do many things what's the one thing you should do right because you can only do so much well so how how do you think through that how do you think through okay all of these things we could do what what makes more sense are you looking you know in terms of what what has the most upside po potential are you looking in terms of what what is it that's going to allow us to utilize the existing infrastructure that we have built the most what is it that we could do with less less effort like how do you think through that yeah I mean I think a couple of things and the first thing might actually surprise you one of the first things we ask ourselves is will this be fun and I know that's a very like not normal way of looking at things right but because we don't have outside investors into the company and we you know we don't have to go IPM we don't have to go there's no pressure to go do these things right and the way that we're building the company culture from day one has always been what you know liking what we're doing is really important to us right in terms of a culture and I think that's why we've had some some great retention to begin with is we ask ourselves is will this be fun do we want to do this do we see ourselves continuing to want to do this and if that answer is yes then we'll continue talking about that that thing the second thing we want to ask ourselves on is not necessarily about the infrastructure that we already have but more so do we have the right leader to lead it internally because we don't necessarily bet on products or software or tools we bet on the people who will build them or the people who will lead them that's been our that's been our ethos since day one so do we have that person inhouse today who can go really own and build this other service that we can offer to other people and be essentially what we would call a mini CEO of that business right and kind of be that leader and answer could be yes could be no and if the answer is no is you know do we have an interest in going to find that person right we we can also grow by simply investing in other people or other companies and bringing our infrastructure our knowledge our economies of scale to the marketplace through somebody else not necessarily by being the people who bring it to Market ourselves right so there's a lot of things we can leverage we can leverage our time we can leverage our knowledge we can leverage our experience we can leverage our infrastructure we can leverage our talent right we can leverage our credibility we can leverage our our reach all of these things are things that you know I think any somewhat successful company would would hopefully consider doesn't have to be about us being at the Forefront of it in fact it'll be very rare I think that you'll see that Tech Fester itself brings other products to market right I think what you'll find is we'll most likely bet on somebody else who you know and you know invest time money energy resources something into that person or that team or that product and you know we'll be behind the scenes of making sure and trying to help them grow it but not necessarily being the ones who run and operate it right because we think that the marketplace probably needs better resources and better tools but oftentimes one of the first things you have to ask yourself is are you the right person to bring it to Market and honestly you know we're really good at what we do which is for people who want to invest passively in short-term rentals that does not mean we're the right people to bring every product in this Marketplace to Market so finding the right people is the first goal no I love that and then you talked about a a word there that every time I hear it I cannot ignore it which is leverage and I like Leverage a lot as a as a word because of everything that it means and you've probably heard of Naval ravikant and you know he talks about leverage a lot and how you know basically it's how you can get more output by the same amount of input and there's different types of Leverage you know there's the traditional types of Leverage that are basically you you you require other people to to give you the permission right so there's talent and there's Capital both of which you're leveraging and then there's the permissionless you know types of Leverage so the the talent sorry the the the tech and the media right which is actually funny enough the whole reason why I decided to start a podcast was because I'm like I don't know how to code but I but I can talk you know and I can ask some questions so anyways that's that's just started a podcast too yeah the Str investing podcast yeah yeah I saw it it's so it looks very very good and and so I'm curious to know if there's something like that framework wise you know that you that you use very often like whether that's you know leverage whether that's you know the whole the one thing of like what's the one thing I should be doing now or today or next or is there is there something is there a framework is there a concept is there something you you do daily that you can attribute a lot of your success to definitely think something we as a company do very well is every person in this company exclusively Works to their strengths and that is a I don't know if I consider it a framework but I would consider it certainly a way of life and a way a way of working um we either work towards our strengths or we work towards our Curiosities we don't work towards anything else right it's a very two-sided thing you're either working with the skills and experience that brings value to the company or you're working on some part of your time on the things that keep you engaged and curious right to keep going and continuing to learn anything that we're not good at we try to not do right and I think that's a very contrary approach to a lot of companies where it's like let's improve the things you're not good at we're quite opposite it's like let's double down on the things you're great at right ignore the things you're not good at it's not expected you're going to be good at everything um and let's leverage that right you know for example leveraging Taylor and his acquis Taylor is fantastic at Acquisitions Taylor is horrendous at many things and I love them death and I'll he can tell you the same thing same thing for myself same thing for Mick same thing for John same thing for Sabrina same thing for anyone else on our team we all work towards our strengths we double down on those things we bring that to the table and it's a thing that we lead with every time anytime we have a key decision we have to make we ask ourselves who's the best person to lead it right who's the P best person to own it who has the who has the skills to actually pull it off and it's ideal if that per if the answer to all three of those questions is the same person right because someone who's curious someone who's strong strong in that sense and it's something that they want to do and continue to excel at if we can't then we simply ask ourselves why are we going to do that does it feed into our ecosystem that's that's interesting and yeah a lot of the culture often times the the the corporate culture is a lot of hey let's let's do development on on the weaknesses you might have let's try to bring you to a to a level that's balanced in terms of you know your skill sets but no I like your approach of like why you know why why not just double down on on what you're good at so very good and I mean I I could have you here for hours I think Shi No no kid I I really enjoy this conversation thank you so much for taking the time I think there's been a lot of valuable nuggets in Around Talent acquisition around leadership entrepreneurship and whatnot uh anything you'd like to close with in terms of you know where people can connect where people can learn more if they want to learn more about tech Fester if anyone wants to learn about tech Fester feel free to check us out at Tech fester.com we put out a lot of content on on social as well um but if there's anything we can do to help you learn about shortterm rentals get educated on the space you're curious about the space reach out to us or anyone anyone on our team we're certainly a chatty Bunch so feel free to to poke out our knowledge and see how we can help and kind of go from there but we but thank you so much the basan for for having me out today yeah absolutely we'll talk soon all right take care bye

- Free Education for Street-Begging Kids: Tech Leader’s Inspiring NGO Story #socialimpact  #education: Kind: captions Language: en Chuk education is a foundation provide free education for school dropouts especially for the children who are begging in the streets and doing labor activities. When a child goes for labor activities, we need to stop them from going there and we want them to come to the school. We try to bargain with the family and we said that okay we'll give you 1,000 rupees for groceries. As a return you give your child to our learning center. So I think there's a madan movie where this kind of a bargaining system happens. So the only way that how we take all these challenges is see it as a challenge not like a problem. If you see it as a challenge it will give you the curiosity to figure out what can be the best answer for resolving the challenge. [Music] What if your first words each morning were please for coins instead of good morning teacher. For thousands of street children, that's life. Waking before dawn, clutching metal bowls, spreading through traffic for spare change, where classrooms stay locked and lessons feel impossible. Welcome to stories within. I'm your host Husti and today we are joined by Yua, co-founder of Shuki Education. She refused to let begging define these kids' future and turn sidewalks into actual schools. Armed with donated notebooks and handful of committed college student volunteers, US team set up open air classrooms in bustling market lanes. The toughest battle was in rain or traffic. It was convincing parents that trading a few coins for few hours of study could change everything. They invited parents to sit on trial lessons, showed how even 30 minutes of reading aloud builds confidence, and adjusted class times around children's earning schedule so families never lost income. Through neighborhood meetings, door-to-door outreach, and sharing early success stories, UA scaled from one small session to hundreds of enrolled learners, kids who now write their names and their own destiny. In this episode, Yua will reveal the moment she realized charity needed a classroom. How she won over skeptical parents to let their childrens learn. The fundraising and volunteer recruitment hacks that kept the program running. Hit subscribe because Chic Education proves that with strategy, persistence, and a community willing to rethink charity, even the roughest payment can become a place of possibility. Let's dive in. a very warm welcome and I'm extremely honored to have you here with us today. Thank you for joining us. >> Thank you so much Husti for uh inviting me. I am equally honored as well. Looking forward to have a good conversation with you. >> Same here you are. Can you tell me what is Chto Education and what's your role in this organization? >> Sure. Choto education is a foundation which has been started in the year 2016 uh by me and another co-founder which goes by the name Madavi. So we both wanted to do or I can say provide free education for school dropouts especially for the children who are uh begging in the streets and doing labor activities and with this objective we started this foundation especially with a vision that to ensure all kids receive the right to education and it has been started in Hyderabad Hyderabad and it's in almost 9 years and uh we are still running the program. Initially it was only a volunteer or I would say just an initiative. It was not even registered and then in the year 2019 we have registered it officially as a section 8 company and uh we also transformed our foundation from a volunteer model to a teacher full-time employment kind of a model. We have currently four learning centers with uh one teacher at every learning center taking care of minimum 20 to 25 school dropouts. So as a first step we first identify the dropouts and try to enroll them in this educational program and uh we provide minimum one year bridging course and once that is completed we try to join them in the nearby school in order to ensure that there's a sustainability in the education. If they continue over there, good for them. But if there is going to be a dropout again happening, we will again take back them into our program and see what is the best that we can do to ensure the dropout doesn't happen again or >> Wow, that's amazing. That's amazing. Um I have one question here like you said uh about dropouts and retention rate. So what's the um average retention rate that you have seen at um in your learning center >> over years the approximate retention rate that we are seeing is uh between 70 to 75%age. So we still see even in our program close to 25%age of dropouts that is happening at this point of time. uh we have around uh approximately 196 students who are getting benefited by this program and uh the the gap that I that I mentioned like 25% is still there is a dropout that's happening we are trying to understand what is the best that we can do so that uh in the next couple of years we sure wanted to increase this retention rate and and obviously keep it as closer to 100 that's what we are hoping for um so what do we do for But uh we are trying to come up with some unique programs. For example, this year uh the students who have reached 16 years and they have completed the open tent with the support of our education. Uh for some reasons they do not continue again and they end up doing some random job. So we wanted to see again how we can bring them back into the program. So there is this steel training project that we are planning to start with the support of some CSR partners with some company as a pilot steel let's say to 35 to 40 um students above the age of 16 we wanted to enroll them and provide the skill pertaining to plumbing and electrical activities so that once this training is done for a period of 10 days is what we planning we wanted to then put them in some kind of an internship program and then see what kind of a long-lasting job is something that they can get. So it's going to be like a pilot this year based upon the turnout. We'll then see how we can improvise it and take it to the future. And similar like this, we also wanted to do something for the women as well. So that uh we are hoping these kinds of activities can ensure that the dropout ratio can again uh move from 75 to closer to 100 dropout. >> Got it. Got it. So do you partner with any local agency or local companies for collaborating with any local companies that they can uh take these kits and then give them an opportunity to thrive. Currently we are looking forward to reach out to a couple of companies and mention this particular idea. That's what even we are thinking but at this point of time uh what is finalized is something that I can let you know. So one of the trainer who has uh accepted to provide this training is also working in one of the uh biggest apartment complex here in Hyderabad in the management sector. So the person himself has uh mentioned about taking in minimum five interns at the end of this program based upon their learning capability and the interest that they show. So this is a good start is what I would say. So once these five five people from this batch from this batch get into this internship program that will automatically turn the wheels and it will make other people also to come forward and support us in this particular perspective. So the same company which is providing us the CSR funds we are also planning to ask them also to consider the batch people as a couple of interns in their facility. So something like that we are still having a couple of ideas. So we wanted to slowly implement it and give it a better shape. >> Wow, that's amazing. You're not just providing them education, you're also providing them important life skills that they can utilize to make some money and get up and running, right? That's amazing. You are you know what? Since I saw the LinkedIn post about a student of Chuki education, I had this question in mind. Many of us have seen these kids and some of us even help them with money or food. That's all. Like most of us don't go beyond that. But you guys have done you guys have gone above and beyond and done something that many of us don't even think of doing. So was there anything or any incident that motivated you to take the next step? >> Yeah. uh definitely there is uh I won't say it as a triggering factor but uh but I always consider that as one of the inspiring information to share um so there are obviously a lot of social imbalances that is existing so when we definitely notice a kid who's begging in the signal automatically many of us including me I have done in the past as well to to give her money and then when we understand that uh that's not going to be helpful for them then we try to think as a next step and we try to provide them as a food rather than money so that we think that okay the food is not going to go as a waste and they will obviously going to eat it so that's how we think but there are also other things that happens behind the screen where they again take the food back to the place to the vendor and get back the money such kind of things I also observe so it really it indicates that okay giving some money or giving some kind of a food is just going to let's say serve the purpose just for a day but what about the next day what about the next day beyond that um how how much is this going to benefit for that particular child on a longer term. There is no answer for that. Um and uh I strongly feel education is something that uh in in any aspects it is going to take care of all the social imbalances. That is one of the strongest feeling I have and the best way to ensure that is going to happen is to provide this education to the children because it is one of their basic birth side and if that is not going to happen because of their family situation it should be one of our responsibility to pick it up but we can again ask why should we consider this as our responsibility um again it's again connected with a philosophical point which I just wanted to share um when when our parents are able to give us uh three essential things. One is uh a place to live and food to eat and u some clothes to to wear. So when we have these three basic things, it is definitely now our responsibility to ensure that we transfer the same thing to another person who is not having any of these three things. And one best way to do is to provide education so that he or she can take care of these basic needs via this education. So that is going to be the long-lasting solution. So that's the connection I wanted to make and um till date it's it's been giving me a kind of a satisfaction that what I have chosen is the right path. So I'm I'm hoping so in the same manner. Yeah. >> Oh wow. It definitely is the right path. like um there is a prog right you you you give them a fish they know they'll eat it but you teach them how to catch a fish that's going to be with them lifelong right you're giving them basic need which is education that's not only going to help them but their families right eventually the goal is they'll be able to take care of the family the society and everybody within their limits so so that's that's really inspiring and um I'm very glad that you found another person right who shared the same thought as you and you're able to form a small community like of with like-minded people and get this thing going right because I know it's it all takes a lot of um effort from each one of you to have this up and running so it's not an easy task that education is going to help a kid so I'm going to give the kid the education so that's your vision to bring it to life it must have taken a lot of courage so what instill this confidence in me that you know what I can do that I can help these kids. So what instilled that confidence in you? >> I think the past uh during NGO experiences that I have could be one of the one of the confidence providing factor I would say that um so when I was uh living in Chennai I was trying to volunteer in a in a handful of NGOs's. So one is Tumi that's where you and I met as well. Uh then there's also this blue cross where I was volunteering for some time for for the street dogs and doing some rescue activities and I was also on and off volunteering for another NGO which was supporting special kids. The only purpose for me back then was to just keep myself occupied in weekends. But then uh these activities started to give me a new perspective of life started to give me some a different exposure I would say and I entered into this whole new domain where for example in boom I also had the platform where I can set up and take additional responsibilities within the organization. So that intern helped me to understand how a NGO functions from scratch. How a NGO can be built and how a team can be formed and how we can uh even if we work in one city, how we can still transfer or maybe spread this activities for multiple cities as well and still do the coordinations. All those informations and experiences I was able to get it from the NGO. That I would definitely say gave me a good confidence and courage. um meaning anything can be started by any person. So that's that's how I I felt it. So when I came to Hyderabad and when I noticed this you know incident of kids begging near the streets not that it didn't happen in Chennai but when I was noticing in Hyderabad I was thinking okay I've already done something for education under me why don't I try to reciprocate the same here for these students but before doing it I just wanted to understand I don't want to charge something which is already existing and have something in parallelly two different NGOs doing the same cost so I started to go into the ground and and figure out how many education NGOs's are available and and started to come up with a proper structure like what had to be done. So past NGO experiences definitely gave me a clarity on how to proceed in the things that is really inspiring right like having a vision and having built a entire structure from the scratch it's really really inspiring and I definitely resonate with your thought like when we work for these NGOs's right that gives us a different perspective of life giving us just showing us how fortunate we are right so that's giving that uh vision for us and then to see how can we give back to the community, how can we help others. So I'm glad you got that um confidence from the previous NGO experiences. Um you said like you started this from scratch and then you had to figure out or or understand your ground and all that right so you must have faced a lot of challenges from the NGO that you had worked before. There are similarities and there are differences. That is for sure because although it is the education which it has been picked up. They have volunteered with an NGO like BI which also works for education. The beneficiaries are totally different because in BIM for example the beneficiaries are already available in a in a constant locality. So this is a shelter home. We don't say orphanage we say it as a shelter home right. So they the students are already available and all the particular NGO has to do is to identify volunteers and map to that particular place so that over the weekends classes has to happen. That is what it is. But wherein here in this case um first step we need to identify the drawers. We need to identify a locality where handful of students who are supposed to go to school are not going and we need to see how we can establish the learning center over there. So that itself um is is a is a whole new uh um version which has its uh plenty of challenges because there won't be proper place where we can start start something from scratch and uh when we need to start the classes we need to first of all they go for baking right and they get money out of it. So we are trying to stop them from doing it for which the parents are not going to be very happy to hear that. So we need to find an option to see how they still come to the education program and they still satisfy the parents also but then over a longer period of time slowly from the beginning. So that that kind of a model is something that we have to adapt and this is something that we never knew from the past as yet. So as and when we were like progressing what kind of challenges come made us to sit and brainstorm like what could be the best options that we can explore and not one solution is going to be standard for all the different learning centers that we have right now. So every place problem could be the same but the way we handle has to be different. One option cannot be reciprocated easily in another place. So that's the other thing. So uh the the only way that how we take all these challenges is see it as a challenge not like a problem because when you see it as a problem your mind will have hurdles to find an option to resolve it but if you see it as a answer for resolving the challenge. So that is something that I keep often saying to our teachers don't say it as a problem always say it as a challenge that itself will change your perspective towards how we look at it and how we resolve it. So yeah and and uh to to say some couple of challenges some interesting challenges is when um when a child goes for labor activities we need to stop them from going there and we want them to come to the school. Um we we didn't know what to do but uh there were this uh movies which gave us some kind of an crazy ideas. So what we did was uh we tried to bargain with the you 1,000 rupees for groceries every month. So as a return you give your uh child to our learning center and we will have the attendance. So I think there's a madan movie where this kind of a barian system happens uh some weightlifting movie I don't remember the name. >> Um yeah is it tutra or something. Yeah something that yes yes yes so he give the money so that the so that the girl who really skilled in this weightlifting she comes for the classes so that is one idea that we also tried and yeah it worked but obviously we need good amount of fund in order to make it sustain and happen so there is a challenge so we try to see that where the most need is what kind of students really require this kind of a aspect then for that particular student we decide to get some additional donors uh support and we try to provide the monthly groceries and even now in this program close to 10 students on a regular basis we are providing this grocery support so that they come to the class so it is still happening uh so that's one thing which I really wanted to share at this point of time yeah >> that's actually nice that you have drawn your inspirations from everywhere that you can see even from a movie right like drawing an inspiration and then uh and then applying it in your own scenario today's artist spot Spotlight is Veda Shinas. She began drawing at the age of four and channels her sensitive analytical spirit into nature inspired art. She has found true freedom of expression through art creating works that captures her deep inner reflections and unique perspective on the world. A talented musician on piano, flute and cello who also enjoys swimming and fencing, she blends introspection and imagination in her artwork. Her imaginative piece blending a swirling vanol like sky with a vivid thoughtful eye captures her belief in seeing and feeling the world with both the heart and the mind. Rooted in family and fueled by empathy, Veda dreams of becoming a child psychiatrist so she can help others understand their minds just as her art helps her see the world with both heart and thought. It's her honor to feature Veda Shinas in this episode of stories within.

  Top Comments:
  1. @aruna2513 [1 likes]: What an inspiring video! 😊 The dedication shown to giving street-begging kids access to free education is truly powerful. It’s incredible to see how one person's vision + effort can spark such meaningful change in lives that are often ignored.

- House Rent Law and Rental Agreement in Nepal | Room Rent Rules in Nepal: Kind: captions Language: en house rent law and rental agreement in Nepal if an individual who owns or poses a house transfer the right to use the house for a specific period Then it is deemed that the house have been rented in this context house refers to the whole house a room or unit of the house the story of the house or the land of the house term of House rent agreement in Nepal the term for rental agreement in Nepal for rental purposes mentioned above shall be according to agreement without exceeding 5 years if the house is rented for business purposes the term of rental agreement will be as prescribed on the said agreement however the term of agreement can be added after the expiry of the agreement upon Mutual consent of the parties matters to be included in rental agreement full name and address of the owner and tenant their citizenship number and passport or identification certificate in the case of a foreigner place and plot Number of the land where the house is located purpose for rent date of commission of rent validity period of rent monthly rent time and mode of payment of rent liability to pay tariffs of electricity water supply telephone used in the house matter on payment of house rent tax if the rented house is to be insured then matter relating to it matter on leaving the rented house and eviction of the tenant from it matter as to whether the rented house can be suppl to other or not and other necessary matters however it is not necessary to enter into an agreement in writing with the tenant if the monthly house rent does not exceed 20,000 rupees while the rental agreement is prepared two witnesses must also sign the agreement and each agreement thereof shall be retained each by the owner and the Tenant obligation of house owner to allow the tenant to use the house in accordance with the agreement to arrange for such water and electricity Supply sewage and sanitation in the rented house as may be required except as otherwise provided for in the agreement to prevent the tenant from insecurity harassment or unrest from other persons dwelling in the house to abide by the other matter Ms outlined in the agreement obligation of tenant to pay the rent to the house owner within the specified period to maintain sanitation in take care of protect and Safeguard the rented house appropriately and reasonably as if it were their own not to do any act such as causing unrest harassment or insecurity to the other dwellers in the house or neighbors to abide by the other matters outlined in the agreement payment of house rent rent in Nepal can be paid by check or cash or any other mode or procedure of payment as laid out in the rental agreement if the agreement does not provide for any mode and procedure of the rent payment then the tenant must pay the rent to the house owner within 7 Days of the expiration of each month if the owner received the rent by way of cash he or she shall give a receipt to the tenant obligation to pay tax and other charge except as otherwise set forth in the agreement it shall be the obligation of the house owner to pay the tax and other charges revivable by the law in relation to the rented house repair and maintenance of rented house the tenant must conduct the repair and maintenance of their rental property termination of agreement and living rented house by tenant a tenant has the right to live the rented house before the expiration of the rental period in following circumstances if the house owner fails to perform their obligation if the tenant no longer needs the house for the purpose for which they rented it if the house owner does any act contravening the agreement or prevailing nepes law however the tenant must give the house owner Advanced return notice of at least 35 days before leaving the building termination of agreement and and eviction of tenant by house owner in the following circumstances the house owner can remove the tenant from the house if the tenant fails to perform their obligations if the tenant commits in the rented house any offense related activity prohibited by law if the house owner needs the house for themsel if it is necessary to repair and maintain the house by removing inhabitants from the house if the rented house does not appear to be appropriate for human habitation from Technical and health perspectives if the period of house rent expires if the tenant Doge any act in contravention of the agreement or prevailing nepales law the house or land owner must give return notice to the tenant in advance of at least 35 days to evict the tenant the power to backend the house by house owner and local level W office if a tenant disappear without paying rent for 3 months or more without notice and even if the tenant successor or agent cannot be found then the house owner shall submit an application with such statement to the concerned W office the concerned W office shall make a public notice inviting the tenant to appear within a period of 15 days if the tenant doesn't appear within the designated period after issuance of official notice then the concern W office may open and backend the rented house

  Top Comments:
  1. @ZX_ARYAN07: I have been living in a rent house for 1 year and  it is in very good condition and now i have to leave the house so the house owner wants me to paint tho whole flat so is it true that i need to paint the house according to the rule?
  2. @yalgaar_official: Madam (one month and ten days) How much money should I pay to the housekeeper if I have to move from Kathmandu to another place due to work?

- Ontario Rental Laws 2026 Guide | Stay Compliant with Blue Anchor Property Management Tips: Kind: captions Language: en-US In 2026, being a landlord in Ontario isn’t just&nbsp; about collecting rent—it’s about navigating a&nbsp;&nbsp; complex and evolving legal landscape. From rent&nbsp; control rules to strict eviction processes,&nbsp;&nbsp; even small mistakes can lead to costly penalties.&nbsp; But with the right knowledge—and the right&nbsp;&nbsp; support—you can protect your investment, avoid&nbsp; legal risk, and build stronger relationships&nbsp;&nbsp; with your tenants. This is your guide to staying&nbsp; compliant and confident in today’s rental market. Ontario’s rental regulations&nbsp; are stricter than ever,&nbsp;&nbsp; with increased enforcement and tighter&nbsp; processes. Missing a form, a deadline,&nbsp;&nbsp; or a notice requirement can delay cases—or&nbsp; worse, get them dismissed entirely. To stay compliant in 2026, landlords must&nbsp; follow the Residential Tenancies Act,&nbsp;&nbsp; which governs everything from leases to evictions.&nbsp; Rent increases are capped for most units,&nbsp;&nbsp; typically around 2.1%, and require proper&nbsp; notice—at least 90 days—using the correct&nbsp;&nbsp; forms. And when disputes arise, the Landlord and&nbsp; Tenant Board oversees the entire legal process. Many landlords run into trouble by using&nbsp; outdated forms, skipping proper notice periods,&nbsp;&nbsp; or attempting eviction without approval.&nbsp; These errors can delay proceedings,&nbsp;&nbsp; increase legal risk, and&nbsp; damage tenant relationships. With regulations constantly evolving—like&nbsp; updates tied to Bill 60 and digital filing&nbsp;&nbsp; requirements—staying informed is critical.&nbsp; Many landlords turn to professional support&nbsp;&nbsp; to handle notices, leases, and&nbsp; compliance details with confidence. At Blue Anchor Property Management, we help&nbsp; you stay compliant, protect your investment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and manage your properties with confidence.&nbsp; From legal processes to day-to-day operations,&nbsp;&nbsp; we handle the details—so you don’t&nbsp; have to. Connect with Blue Anchor&nbsp;&nbsp; Property Management today and take&nbsp; the stress out of property management.

- Provincial Rental Law: Kind: captions Language: en hello Western students are you living off campus or renting in London if yes then you should know what rights you are entitled to as a tenant in this video we will be discussing the Ontario residential tenancies act also known as RTA a provincial legislation governing relations between landlords and tenants now for today's agenda we will first start by discussing if you are covered by the residential tenancies act the protections and rates provided if covered by RTA how to know if you are not covered by RTA and the protections you still have if not covered now let's get into things are you covered by RTA if the tenant does not share a bathroom or kitchen with their landlord or the landlord's immediate family member they are covered by Ontario rental law to read more about if you are covered by Ontario rental law Google the residential tenancies act 2006 on the ontario.ca website or visit Western's off-campus housing website at offcampus.uwo.ca rental underscore law.cfm as attendant in Ontario you have legal rights these rights are explained in the Human Rights Code and the residential tenancies act some important rights are as follows privacy under RTA your landlord must give you 24 hours notice before showing up or entering your rental property for reasons such as maintenance repairs checkups or rental showings you are also allowed to give your landlord 60 days notice to terminate your lease regardless of what your landlord or original lease might say a safe home your house needs to be secure and in good condition even if you are aware of issues prior to deciding to rent the house this still holds true vital Services access to heat hot and cold water power and fuel are essential services such as natural gas even if you have not made your rent payments your landlord cannot cut off these services in order to conduct repairs your landlord could briefly interrupt Services you or your landlord may be responsible for paying for essential services controlled rent increases your landlord may rise your rent once in a 12-month period the amount of the increase has to be within the legal limits in Ontario there are some circumstances that would result in your rental lease not being covered by Ontario rental law in the case that you do share a bathroom or kitchen with the landlord or their immediate family as a roommate you are not covered by Ontario rental law even in the case that you are not covered by Ontario rental law you still have the ability to negotiate with your landlord as always if you have any questions or concerns regarding your lease or rental property prior or after signing your lease please contact us you can reach us on our website at offcampus.uwo.ta here you can book an appointment with off-campus housing or one of our off-campus advisors you can also give us a call at 519-661-3550 or visit our office in person at Ontario hall room 3c1 on Sarnia Road

- Everything you need to know about WA's new rental laws | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en Perth is one of the hardest markets in the country to find a rental in just 0.4% of properties were available in March according to wa's Real Estate Institute the state government has introduced a suite of law reforms to help protect renters in this market first landlords will soon only be allowed to raise the rent once a year instead of once every 6 months wa will also join the rest of the country in Banning rent bidding where property managers and landlords encourage renters to offer more than the advertised rental price and if you're a renter who likes to take a few liberties with decorating your house you're in luck tenants will get the power to make small modifications like hanging a painting or installing a fly screen as long as the house is returned to its original condition landlords will also almost always have to allow their tenants to have pets the catch to all this is landlords are still allowed to evict a renter in wa for no reason a practice known as no grounds evictions but the state government says there are substantial Protections in place if a renter is kicked out for the wrong reasons the new uh penalties that exist and uh access to the magistrates court if indeed a landlord takes retaliatory action against someone trying to exercise their their rights all of those things go to adjusting the balance to protect renters most of the changes will start soon and be in place by the middle of the year

- How Owner Payouts Actually Work (For STR Managers With 1–10 Listings): Kind: captions Language: en If you manage between one and 10 short-term rental listings, owner payouts are usually the part of the business that creates the most stress. And it's rarely because the math is complicated. It's because of the responsibility, timing, and potential risk. You're handling money that belongs to someone else, and you want to be sure you're doing it right. Not to mention, you're trying to get it done as fast as possible, all while feeling questions from owners about where their money is. That concern and stress is completely normal at this stage. Owner payouts are where bookkeeping, compliance, and trust accounting all come together. When payouts are clear and consistent, a lot of other things in the business start to feel easier to manage, even beyond bookkeeping. That's what this video is about. Let's level set what an owner payout is, because this is where things often feel more complicated than they need to be. At its simplest, an owner payout is the end result of the process of collecting rental income, subtracting the agreed upon expenses and fees, and sending that remaining amount to the property owner with clear documentation. That's it. There's nothing inherently complex about that process when it's handled correctly, documented, and not left to the last minute. But of course, as with anything in the STR industry, nothing is quite as simple as it appears. Where things start to get messy is when parts of that process are unclear, rushed, or living only in your head. Here's the most important thing to understand. Not all the money that hits your bank account belongs to your business. Some of it belongs to owners, some to the government, even if it passes through your account first. Your role as the manager is to track that money accurately and move it to the owner in a timely and documented way. Let me walk you through what this usually looks like in real life. A guest stays at the property and pays Airbnb. That money lands in your bank account, hopefully one designated as your trust account where all deposits land. And of course, since this is Airbnb, it could be mixed in with other deposits for other reservations and other properties. But at the end of the month, you prepare the owner statement, income, expenses, management fees, and the owner share. Once that statement is finalized, the accounting part is basically done. Now you're just paying someone what they're owed. You look at the statement, you see the amount, you send the money. There should be a clear, easy to audit line from guest payment to the owner payout. If that line is hard to follow, that's usually where stress starts creeping in and where owner questions pile up. So, how are owners commonly paid at this stage? This is the part most managers want spelled out. At the 1 to 10 listing stage, there's usually a few ways this happens. Some managers log into their business bank account and send an a transfer. Some might use their bank's bill pay feature. Others might use zel or Venmo early on because they're fast and familiar, especially before things get more formal. All these can work, although we don't recommend Venmo for owner payouts for too long. stick to an a payment from your bank or from QBO if you're using that. What matters more than the tool is this. That money comes from your business bank account. The payment matches the owner statement and you can see when and where it was sent. Can't tell you the number of times we've onboarded clients. They've given us their prior month's owner statements. We can't actually match them up with the payments in the bank account. If all those things are true, the method itself matters a lot less. As you start to mature, dedicated payable platforms start to make a lot more sense. One thing that surprises a lot of managers is how early payout start meeting structure. At one or two listings, you can usually keep things pretty manual, but as you get closer to that 10 listing mark, there's more money moving around, more owners involved, more timing to keep straight. That's usually when payouts start working better with some kind of system behind them. That's why tools like Top Key, VR Trust, and Clearing exist. They're built to help once things aren't simple anymore. Some managers use those tools directly. Others keep their setup simpler, but bring in help to manage payouts. Either way, the goal is the same. You want those owner payouts to feel steady and predictable, not like something you have to double check every time. Another thing managers tend to overthink is timing. Should you pay your owners per stay, monthly? Should you pay them when you receive the cash or when the stay occurs? Again, keep this simple. Monthly payouts are industry standard and you shouldn't have to deviate from this. You should pay in a rears, which means you pay the owners for activity in the prior month. This gives you time to account for expenses and reduce mistakes. Most homeowners really care more about knowing when they'll get paid, and predictability goes a long way towards credibility, especially when you're starting out. Additionally, I strongly recommend paying owners based either on the check-in or checkout date as opposed to the cash received date. If you go with the check-in method, for example, every reservation with a check-in date during the past month would be on the owner statement. This means you don't need to worry about tracking multiple payments for a Verbbo reservation or worrying a guest will cancel and you'll need to refund money you already paid to an owner. Here's a simple way to sanity check your payout process. If an owner can look at their payout statement and understand it without you needing to explain it, your process is working at this stage. If they can't, that's usually where questions, stress, and follow-ups start. If you're really getting a lot of questions, make a simple Loom video that walks them through that process. That can go again a long way towards alleviating some of those questions. So, let's talk about where owner payouts go off the tracks. Most payout problems don't start as big mistakes. They start as small shortcuts. Paying owners from the wrong account just this once. Sending money before every booking has been reconciled. not keeping a clear record because h I'll remember it later. In practice, what this looks like is an endless stream of adjustments in the following month to fix errors that the owner flagged after reviewing the statements. Nothing destroys destroys confidence like having to claw back money the owner thought was theirs. These issues usually come from system gaps, not bad intentions. And the good news is system gaps can be fixed. So, the setup works for a while, then payouts start taking longer than they should. All of a sudden, you're missing date night or kids game because owner statements have to get done. Believe me, we do over 2500 of these a month. I get it. You start thinking you'd rather be doing anything else other than this. You start taking shortcuts, not ensuring all reservations are fully paid, missing expenses, and now your bottom line is impacted. That's usually the sign the system has outgrown you. This is one of the most common places we help at Keystone. We handle the bookkeeping, produce clear owner reports, and manage bill pays so owner payouts are consistent, documented, and easy to explain. Not because managers can't do this themselves, but because this is often the first thing people want off their plate once there's enough going on. If you're automatically rejecting any plans in your personal life during the first five days of the month, that might be a sign you need help. So, if you're managing one to 10 listings, this is what owner payouts are supposed to look like. Clear, consistent, explainable. In the next video, we'll break down which short-term rental fees you should be keeping as the manager, which should be passed through to owners, and how to structure those decisions so they're clear, easy to explain, and set you up to scale.

- Top 5 Bookkeeping Tips for Airbnb Hosts!: Kind: captions Language: en hello youtube this is richard founder short-term rental secrets.com and Airbnb super host this video is a first in all the rest of the videos that we've talked about we're talking about increasing revenue more bookings more guests more per night increasing revenue but there's a whole other side to running a business and that's managing your expenses this video is a beginner's guide to managing your bookkeeping so proper bookkeeping is really important in order to have a pulse on your business we all focus on the revenue side getting more people in but do we know what it costs us to satisfy those people and even to delight them all those gift baskets and all the things that we do for free our costs and if we're not tracking them we can't analyze our profitability ok so tip number one is open up a special checking account to write all of your checks and receive all of your deposits from Airbnb and home away into that specific checking account and then get a separate credit card where all of your expenses are going to be charged to so between dedicated checking account and dedicated credit card all of your hosting activities are really quick and easy to spot rolling right into number two now that you have everything that's online your checking account in your credit card you can connect with an online bookkeeping system you can use QuickBooks I happen to use Xero which is spelled xer0 and they go behind the scenes in the backend connect with your financial institution and download everything into their online accounting software the third thing now that you've picked your software solutions categorize your expenses through their onboarding systems you should be able to create custom categories if they're not already there to include things like utilities and then within utilities you can have cable internet whatever else you know gas or electric you also want to go ahead and create things like for labor whether you have a landscaper or a cleaning team just start to build the software out to match your business at this stage I really recommend meeting with your CPA like you have an idea of what your business is generating from a revenue perspective you have an idea of what your expenses are and what categories I think you're going to be really surprised how much you can write off legally against your business think about things like travel entertainment meals computer stuff there's a lot of things and you want to sit down with your CPA and understand exactly what you can legally deduct what's in that gray area what you're comfortable with but I think you're going to find that this is actually a really good opportunity for you so the last step is to analyze this all now that you have the data to get familiar with it you know spend some time in Xero or QuickBooks or whatever software you're using and understand what it is that it's doing look at the reports and see what your expenses are and make an assessment is it too little is it too much you may find you're not spending enough and gifts or you may find that you're spending way too much and gifts the last time I did it as a personal example I realized that I was spending a small fortune on cable TV and Internet now in a recent video I talked about increasing the speed of internet and I totally believe that but the costs were exorbitant so what that did was that prompted a couple of phone calls I called Time Warner Cable in New York City and I called CenturyLink in Colorado and in both cases I told them I'm spending way too much money this is a rental property I don't need all these channels but I do need faster internet and wouldn't you know it they both connected me to like special divisions and restructure the entire thing my cost went down my internet speed went up and that was more profit and I couldn't be happier but I wouldn't be able to do that if I didn't know exactly what my costs were and my expenses and have a budget with a goal of profitability so I hope you found this video helpful I know we haven't spent nearly enough time on the expense side and I'm going to start to do more of these videos because I think it's critical right like focusing on the revenue side comes naturally to us all we need to do a little bit more on like expense management so I'm going to film some more videos on that end of it if you liked this video and you found it helpful please go ahead and like it and share it I'd also love to hear from you what solutions do you have do you need help getting started if you're just getting started this is overwhelming let me know I could converse if you've got you know a dozen properties and it's a full-time job and you need help let me know I've got a great bookkeeper and maybe we can work you know something out between you or make some introductions so bookkeeping is a nightmare for anybody just leave comment below and we'll see what we can do to help out in the meantime we'd love to see you over at our Facebook group it's growing it's a lot of activity there's expert advice so like for instance if you're in a different country and I'm only talking about the United States as far as our bookkeeping and you have a specific question to say the UK and their accounting there's very likely somebody who has that experience on our Facebook group so come over join us contribute to the community we'd love to have you and in the meantime if you haven't subscribed to the YouTube channel really

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mariajosemendez29A [19 likes]: Excellent tips! I just started working with CS Outsource, and they’ve been fantastic at taking care of my bookkeeping while I focus on growing my Airbnb!
  2. @TheBookofTrut [12 likes]: Thank you for the great tips, Richard! I’m thinking about using CS Outsource for bookkeeping help as I scale my rental business-it seems like a good idea!
  3. @Alinadestina [12 likes]: I really appreciate your insights! I’m considering CS Outsource for help with my bookkeeping since it’s been tough managing it all myself.
  4. @Sachinrwt-gf3vf: wow didn't know bookkeeping could be this easy
  5. @Nurumohammed-6355: wow didn't know bookkeeping could be this easy
  6. @Aizaismail1987: thanks for breaking it down so well!
  7. @انااهلاوي-ث8ج: these tips are gold, never thought about that
  8. @moviesort-i9b: just started hosting and this is super helpful 😊
  9. @ShafiSarkar-wr6ye: i never thought about some of this stuff
  10. @Kartik-zv8ib: gonna try these out for my airbnb 🏡
  11. @AldinaJulia: these tips are super helpful, thanks dude
  12. @sustainabledevelopment-x7c: these tips are super helpful, thanks dude
  13. @SHAHMEER_RAJPPOT: finally got some clarity on booking taxes
  14. @Shabbirjan8047: finally got some clarity on booking taxes
  15. @AmokGodson: i never thought about some of this stuff
  16. @Santosh05040: gonna try these out for my airbnb 🏡
  17. @ThijinMaliahTapDeng-h8o: didn't know bookkeeping could be this easy
  18. @mastergamer98191: appreciate the info, gonna try these out
  19. @mohammed_games00: finally some clear tips, thanks!
  20. @Explorewithmira-r: this is super useful for my airbnb

- How to Start a Short-Term Rental Business in 5 Steps: Kind: captions Language: en so you decided to start a short-term rental like Airbnb verbo or whatever acronym you can think of congrats you'll be rolling in passive income and five-star reviews in no time right hello no no you cannot cut the tree down to use as firewood the trees stay thank you enjoy your stay but don't worry because I have made all of those mistakes so you don't have to let's make your short-term rental a long-term success and talk about the five steps to start a short-term rental business my name is Garrett Brown and I'm a short-term rental investor from Houston Texas and I work for Bigger Pockets as the resident Str Str expert if you have been interested in Str strs or need a little refresher course before your next one then you've came to the right place let's not waste any more time and get into how to launch your first or next Str Str but if you do enjoy this content take a quick second please to let us know in the comments cuz we do truly appreciate it and it helps us know what kind of content you want to see coming from us and tap that red subscribe button so you never miss a video going forward number one determine what you can afford and explore financing options the first step in that is setting your budget and figuring how much you can actually afford there are a lot of hidden costs that come with purchasing or if you're even going to be renting a rental Arbitrage such as fishings utensils outdoor amenities everything above that that you're going to have to take care of don't forget the ongoing maintenance and utilities unexpected expenses are a guarantee so cushion that into your budget as well the next step there is you need to explore the different loan options that are even out there there do you want to go with an owner occupied conventional loan or something like a dscr loan a debt service coverage ratio loan that is specifically made for investors and short-term rentals you need to talk to an investor-friendly lender and compare interest rates compare fees that are on top of it and at least get three different options of lenders to see what the bottom line will be and what you're able to qualify for the final step in your financing options is your own energy investment there's going to be a lot of energy going into different style projects you could buy a cabin that needs a lot of work and fix it up or you could buy a turn key rental these different types of strategies and everything in between is going to involve different time from you as the owner so think about how much energy you have to actually invest compared to how much budget you have a lot of times The Sweat Equity and the cash Equity balance out if you have a lot more Sweat Equity you don't have to bring as much cash to the table maybe or vice versa the second major key here now is to research what Market to go into you need to understand the demand determine whether there's even a short-term rental demand in the area you are looking in there are tools like air DNA mash fiser rabu and so many more that can give you some insight into what the data may be for just an average place in your area we all know of the big places the Smoky Mountains Joshua Tree all of these that are extremely popular but what about some smaller or midsize areas that are near you you're interested in do your research and use some data to really understand the market you may be interested in once you start to hone in on these markets you need to know what target audience you even want to go after places like Orlando are really built for families places that are a little more romantic like Fredericksburg and places like that they may go after couples or small groups more you need to know this when picking out your property and thinking about how you're even going to run this business how do you want to run this business and what Target customer would you want to go after and the last part of finding your Market is know your competition know who's succeeding and know what's out there that you need to compete against so you can prepare as you go into each market go on Airbnb and verbo and see who are some of the top performers in that area see how many reviews they're getting see what their cleaning fee is see if they're charging for pets allowing pets see what amenities they are providing that way you can make yourself more distinct but then also keep up with what is already being successful in that area the third step is you have to choose the right property once you've narrowed down your Market figuring out what type of property you want to put into that market or even purchase in that market is going to be essential to make sure it's a slam dunk from the beginning pick an area that really suits your Target demographic if you're going after families the closer to the major destination is probably going to work out better for you the location matters pick a property that really fits your location and desire doesn't have any of the 3 s's around it sight smell and sound you don't want to look left and see your neighbor that is hoarding chickens and trailers all day you don't want to smell a pipeline that is nearby you don't want to hear maybe engines and trains going by every single night paying attention to these three s's will make your guest stay way more enjoyable and make your hosting experience way easier don't forget the 60301 rule as well 60 minutes from a major city 30 minutes from some type of national state or Regional attraction and 10 minutes from a gas station or Dollar General the next section of choosing your property is the actual property type hopefully by now you've narrowed it down to some type of Market you want to be in and you can see what are some of the more successful properties that are out there I always recommend the more unique the easier it is to market the more unique the less Equity that you might be able to build into depending on how appraisers view that property going forward and for your long-term success so finding that balance between your equity and uniqueness is the sweet spot for Str strr investors the last part before choosing your property is you got to check the local laws in that area this neighborhood and you find the perfect property in may not even allow short-term rentals my advice is always avoid HOAs the best you can and if you are going into a place with an HOA you don't want to be one or the only Airbnb or short-term rental in there you want to be one of many there's strengthen numbers so choose properly and check local laws and regulations about the Zoning for the property you're looking in while we are talking about setting your listing up for Success let's set up your real estate career for a success in general with the perfect tool for you to landlord like a pro aail you can increase your chances of finding a tenant by getting your rental property in front of Millions of eyes on all the top rental sites you can have your prospects apply online and Screen them with trustworthy reports and then sign your lease and start collecting rent and let your tenants pick how they want to pay Avail has everything you need to make managing your rentals of Breeze head to avail.co now that's AV a.co and get started for free now you finally found your property and it's starting to get super exciting and super real number four is preparing your property and making sure it's ready to stand out the first step in this is Furnishing and equipping it thoughtfully I would focus on comfort and practicality with a good bit of design in there as well that is eye popping and that will do well on social media and in your photo listings write a great listing description do not put one to two sentences give the guest everything they would want to know about your property and make sure you have all the essentials like a stocked kitchen Wi-Fi and quality betting this is when you can also see what's in your budget to put into more amenities there are some amenities that can truly bring your occupancy rate to another level don't forget about the safety for your guest install smoke detectors carbon monoxide detectors fire extinguishers and kitchens and other places this is going to help you sleep better at night and it's also going to bring those Insurance costs down and the last part is create a standout listing if you don't take anything away from this video please pay the $200 to $11,000 or wherever it is in the price range you're looking at for professional photos there are professionals out there that will make your listing stand out to a whole another level that you wouldn't even be able to imagine if you didn't have these professional photos and the fifth step in the way that it actually becomes a lot more automated is develop a management plan you can find some quality local property managers out there if you're searching and don't want to do it yourself but I personally think that you need to be pretty ingrained in the day-to-day operations especially for your bottom line you'll save a lot of profit on the back end you need a property management software that is the brains of your operation that is when something like hospitable especially if you're just starting out with short-term rentals or on the smaller side of host 10 units and under hospitable is the perfect partner for you you can automate guest messages get financial reports they have amazing AI technology the next thing you need to do is make sure you have a rockstar cleaning team and handy person available I would personally give each cleaner a one go round clean before you even hire them full-time what you're doing is have them come clean the property see if they show up on time see if they can follow instructions that you may have and just see in general how well they do on the property the cleaners and the handy people of your short-term rental business are going to be the lifeline so treat them well do not skimp on it as the reviews will definitely let you know if you're bring a little cheap in your cleaning department and on top of that you just need to figure out ways to ensure an amazing guest experience overall do all the extra little things that you would want if you were being a guest in a hosted place I put out small welcome baskets I have video walkthrough tours that I provide I have discounts to local restaurants and activities I just continually think of ways to improve the guest experience and keep reinvesting back to my property and it pays off to me we have tons of great resources available at Bigger Pockets to help your short-term rental career including a brand new Weekly Newsletter written by Yours Truly called bigger stays don't forget to comment below if you've made it this far and we'll see you on the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @GoFurther-tp6ft [3 likes]: Wow, I really appreciate your 
Value.
  2. @jeanjones4921 [2 likes]: You talk like a robot...are u AI?
  3. @smamucha [1 likes]: 2'27 tools research
  4. @fatimahb. [1 likes]: Hi, would you recommend having a written business plan if so do you have a template you can share?
  5. @IsabelCortez-t4z [1 likes]: Also from houst here
  6. @debbieskora7907 [1 likes]: I like this new podcast, and respect a fellow Texan Landlord (hello from Lufkin!).  However, Avail is for LTR, not STR.  the ads are not a fit.
  7. @FloraBamaGoneWild [1 likes]: Don’t do it guys! The market sucks! I’ve been doing this since 2013. Don’t do it! Find the next big thing.
  8. @lisadipasquale6121: Excellent video!!
  9. @JamesHigh-pe1uc: Great content
  10. @danalee8658: What about a business license to rent out your short term rental?
  11. @TheCaffeinatedOrganist: Great info
Fast pace
I Had to watch 2x
  12. @AzurinManagement: Does avail work for short term rentals?
  13. @nancydirienzo3155: Great thanks
  14. @theprinceofliberia6793: Don't waste money for professional pictures. That's not something only few can do besides that so mamy professional don't take professional pictures at all yet they do charge pro price. 
Unless you're in a contest of pro photography don't waste your money on that

- The Ultimate Playbook for High Income Earners: Kind: captions Language: hi हाई इनकम वाले के लिए, आपके पास कई वित्तीय विकल्प हैं, पर उनका क्या करें? इसी का जवाब देंगे, Professionalhat3555 के HENRY Finance सबरेडिट के एक रेडिट पोस्ट से। यह एक प्लेबुक है कि आपको अपने पैसों के साथ क्या करना चाहिए, जिसे मैं अपनी कमेंट्री के साथ समझाऊंगा। तो चलिए सीधे स्टेप नंबर एक से शुरू करते हैं। एक हाई इनकम अर्नर के तौर पर, आपके पैसे सबसे पहले एक इमरजेंसी फंड बनाने में जाने चाहिए, जिसमें कम से कम तीन से छह महीने के खर्चे हों। रेडिट गाइड सलाह देती है कि आप अपने छह महीने के खर्चे एक हाई यील्ड सेविंग्स अकाउंट या SGOV जैसे ट्रेज़री ETF में रखें लिक्विडिटी और सेफ्टी के लिए। आगे यह भी कहा गया है कि अगर आपके पास पचास हज़ार डॉलर से ज़्यादा कैश का बड़ा बैलेंस है, तो आप Fidelity या Schwab जैसी ब्रोकरेज में एक CMA अकाउंट, यानी कैश मैनेजमेंट अकाउंट पर विचार कर सकते हैं। ये सारे ऑप्शन्स एक जैसे ही हैं। वे चाहते हैं कि आप अपना कैश मनी मार्केट फंड या किसी लिक्विड जगह पर रखें जहाँ आपको 2.5 से 5% का इंटरेस्ट मिले। छह महीने के इमरजेंसी फंड की सलाह काफी अच्छी है। तो, एक हाई अर्नर के तौर पर, अगर आप साल का $150k या उससे ज़्यादा कमा रहे हैं, तो आपका लाइफस्टाइल और खर्चे शायद ज़्यादा होंगे। आप शायद घर की मॉर्गेज, ज़्यादा इंश्योरेंस प्रीमियम, एक अच्छी कार और बच्चों की ट्यूशन फीस दे रहे हों। एक हाई अर्नर के तौर पर नौकरी जाने पर, खर्चों में तुरंत कटौती मुश्किल होती है। इसलिए, जितना ज़्यादा कमाते हैं, इमरजेंसी फंड उतना ही बड़ा होना चाहिए। ट्रेज़री ETF या कैश मैनेजमेंट अकाउंट का सुझाव अच्छा है, क्योंकि HENRYs अक्सर बड़े कैश बैलेंस को रेगुलर सेविंग्स अकाउंट में छोड़ देते हैं, जहाँ सिर्फ ज़ीरो पॉइंट एक या ज़ीरो पॉइंट ज़ीरो ज़ीरो एक परसेंट मिलता है। जबकि वे उसी सेफ्टी और लिक्विडिटी के साथ ढाई से पाँच परसेंट कमा सकते थे। पचास हज़ार डॉलर के इमरजेंसी फंड पर यह एक्स्ट्रा यील्ड हर साल लगभग दो हज़ार डॉलर अतिरिक्त हो सकती है। यहाँ सबसे ज़रूरी पहलू हैं लिक्विडिटी बनाए रखना और साथ ही अपने इमरजेंसी फंड से पैसे भी कमाना। ठीक है, स्टेप नंबर दो, दूसरी जगह जहाँ आपके पैसे जाने चाहिए वो है आपके HSA कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन्स को मैक्स करना, अगर आप एलिजिबल हैं तो। HSA बस एक हेल्थ सेविंग्स अकाउंट होता है। और इस अकाउंट में आप इन्वेस्ट कर सकते हैं और क्वालिफाइड मेडिकल खर्चों के लिए पेमेंट भी कर सकते हैं। अब, इस आर्टिकल ने इसे प्रायोरिटी लिस्ट में नंबर दो पर क्यों रखा है, इसके कुछ कारण हैं। पहला, HSA सबसे ज़्यादा टैक्स एफिशिएंट सेविंग्स व्हीकल है क्योंकि यह ट्रिपल टैक्स बेनिफिट्स देता है। नंबर एक, आपके कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन्स टैक्स डिडक्टिबल होते हैं, तो जिस भी साल आप इसमें कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट करते हैं, यह आपके टोटल इनकम टैक्स को कम कर देता है। नंबर दो, इस अकाउंट की ग्रोथ टैक्स फ्री होती है, बिल्कुल Roth IRA की तरह। और नंबर तीन, क्वालिफाइड मेडिकल खर्चों के लिए विथड्रॉअल्स भी टैक्स फ्री होते हैं। HSA के बारे में सबसे दिलचस्प बात यह है कि आज अपनी जेब से किए गए मेडिकल खर्चे के लिए आप भविष्य में खुद को रीइम्बर्स कर सकते हैं। तो मान लीजिए कि आज आपको दो हज़ार डॉलर का एक मेडिकल खर्चा देना है। HSA फंड्स इस्तेमाल करने के बजाय, अच्छी इनकम होने पर आप इसे अपनी जेब से दे सकते हैं। इससे HSA फंड्स टैक्स फ्री ग्रो करते हैं और पिछले मेडिकल खर्चों के लिए पैसे एक्सेस करने का ऑप्शन भी रहता है। तो जब तक आप रसीद संभाल कर रखते हैं, मान लीजिए कि बीस साल बाद, आपके HSA में रखे दो हज़ार डॉलर बढ़कर आठ हज़ार डॉलर हो गए हैं। आप असल में पूरे आठ हज़ार डॉलर निकाल सकते हैं और बीस साल पुराने मेडिकल खर्चे का इस्तेमाल करके इसे टैक्स फ्री विथड्रॉअल के लिए क्वालिफाई कर सकते हैं, जो काफी पावरफुल है। HSA के इस सुझाव पर मेरा मानना है कि यह बिल्कुल सही है। मैं कहूँगा कि यह स्टेप अगले स्टेप के साथ इंटरचेंजेबल हो सकता है, जो कि 401k और IRA जैसे अकाउंट्स को मैक्स आउट करना है। लेकिन कुछ लोग इसे प्रायोरिटाइज़ करना चाहेंगे, खासकर अगर उनका एम्प्लॉयर HSA में कुछ कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन्स को मैच करता है। यह उन लोगों के लिए भी अच्छा है जो अपनी हेल्थ के हिसाब से एक हेल्थकेयर इमरजेंसी फंड चाहते हैं। अगर आपके पास HSA है तो एक बात जो आपको पक्की करनी है वो यह है कि आप असल में फंड्स को इन्वेस्ट कर रहे हैं। बहुत से लोग बस एक HSA या Roth IRA शुरू कर देते हैं और वे कोई भी फंड इन्वेस्ट नहीं करते, वे बस उसमें पैसे जमा करते हैं और उसका कुछ नहीं करते। तो यह पक्का करें कि आप उस पैसे को लो-कॉस्ट इंडेक्स फंड्स में डाल रहे हैं और इस तरह आप कम से कम HSA की टैक्स एफिशिएंसी का फायदा उठा पाएंगे। स्टेप नंबर तीन रिटायरमेंट कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन्स के बारे में है। मतलब अपने 401k, IRA या Roth IRAs में कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट करना। हमारे चैनल के सिक्सटी-सेवन परसेंट दर्शक US में हैं, जहाँ एम्प्लॉयर स्पॉन्सर्ड 401k प्लान्स होते हैं। अगर आप UK में हैं, तो वहाँ वर्कप्लेस पेंशन होती है। ऑस्ट्रेलिया में इसे सुपरएन्युएशन कहते हैं। कनाडा में RRSPs होते हैं। किसी भी हाल में, आप अपनी सैलरी का एक परसेंट रिटायरमेंट फंड में बचाना चाहेंगे। कई एक्सपर्ट्स का सुझाव है कि अपने पेचेक का लगभग दस से पंद्रह परसेंट रिटायरमेंट के लिए अलग रखें। यह सुनिश्चित करता है कि आप आराम से रिटायर हो पाएंगे। अमेरिका में एम्प्लॉयर मैचेस होते हैं। अगर आपका एम्प्लॉयर 401k मैच ऑफर करता है, तो हमेशा उसका पूरा फायदा उठाएँ। इसे समझाने के लिए, मान लीजिए आप साल का एक लाख डॉलर कमाते हैं। आपका एम्प्लॉयर हर साल आपकी सैलरी का तीन परसेंट तक या आपके तीन हज़ार डॉलर के कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन्स को 401k में मैच कर सकता है। आप इसका फायदा उठाना चाहेंगे क्योंकि यह एम्प्लॉयर की तरफ से फ्री का पैसा है। अमेरिका में एक हायर अर्नर के तौर पर, आपको यह देखना चाहिए कि क्या आपका एम्प्लॉयर मेगा बैकडोर कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन ऑफर करता है। यह आपको तेईस हज़ार पाँच सौ डॉलर प्रति वर्ष की नॉर्मल कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन लिमिट से ज़्यादा कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट करने देता है। हाल ही में, कई कंपनियाँ इसे ऑफर करने लगी हैं, खासकर टेक फील्ड में जहाँ गूगल, माइक्रोसॉफ्ट, मेटा और अमेज़न सभी इसे ऑफर करते हैं। मैं अभी स्क्रीन पर उनकी पूरी लिस्ट छोड़ दूँगा जिसका आप स्क्रीनशॉट ले सकते हैं, लेकिन मैं नीचे इस रिसोर्स का एक लिंक भी दूँगा जिसमें उन कई अलग-अलग कंपनियों की लिस्ट है जो मेगा बैकडोर रॉथ ऑफर करती हैं। आमतौर पर, यह ऐसे काम करता है कि आप नॉर्मल कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन लिमिट से ज़्यादा अपने प्लान में दिए गए एक आफ्टर-टैक्स बकेट में कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट करेंगे। फिर आप अपने 401k के अंदर ही रॉथ में इन-प्लान कन्वर्जन करेंगे या उसे रॉथ IRA में रोल कर देंगे। कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन्स पर पहले ही टैक्स देने से, इस कन्वर्जन पर टैक्स नहीं लगेगा, और यह बहुत पावरफुल है। अगर कन्फ्यूजिंग लग रहा है, तो एक अमेज़न एम्प्लॉई का उदाहरण देखते हैं जो साल का तीन लाख पैंतालीस हज़ार डॉलर कमाता है। उन्हें पूरा एम्प्लॉयर मैच मिलता है और वे अपने मेगा बैकडोर कॉन्ट्रिब्यूशन में और भी ज़्यादा कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट कर पाते हैं। आप देख सकते हैं कि अगर आपकी उम्र पचास साल से कम है, तो आप इस अकाउंट में हर साल उनहत्तर हज़ार डॉलर तक कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट कर सकते हैं, जिसमें मैच भी शामिल है। और यह समय के साथ वेल्थ जेनरेट करने के लिए बेहद पावरफुल है। तो हाँ, अपने रिटायरमेंट अकाउंट्स में कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट करने के अलावा, यह ज़रूर देखें कि क्या आपकी कंपनी किसी भी तरह का मेगा बैकडोर ऑफर करती है। इसके अलावा, बस यह पक्का करें कि आप अपने रिटायरमेंट अकाउंट में लगातार और नियमित रूप से कॉन्ट्रिब्यूट और इन्वेस्ट कर रहे हैं, क्योंकि स्टेप तीन आपकी नेट वर्थ बढ़ाने के लिए बहुत ज़रूरी है। ठीक है, स्टेप चार है पाँच परसेंट या उससे ज़्यादा इंटरेस्ट रेट वाले कर्ज़ चुकाना। मुझे यह बात बहुत पसंद है, क्योंकि इस स्टेप में मन की शांति का भी ध्यान रखा गया है। पहला, रेडिट आर्टिकल कहता है कि अगर आप सेविंग्स खत्म करने का सोच रहे हैं, तो ऐसा सिर्फ दस परसेंट से ज़्यादा इंटरेस्ट रेट वाले कर्ज़ों के लिए करें। पाँच से छह परसेंट इंटरेस्ट रेट वाले कर्ज़ों के लिए, सेविंग्स खत्म करने के बजाय लिक्विडिटी बनाए रखना और एक्स्ट्रा पेमेंट्स करना बेहतर है। दस परसेंट से ज़्यादा वाले कर्ज़ चुकाने पर ROI इतना अच्छा होता है कि सेविंग्स इस्तेमाल करना फायदेमंद है। जब यह पाँच परसेंट के करीब आता है, तब आप उन कर्ज़ों को पूरा चुकाने के लिए अपना समय ले सकते हैं। आपके मॉर्गेज की बात करें तो, आर्टिकल कहता है कि अगर आप डिडक्शन्स आइटमाइज कर रहे हैं, तो सात लाख पचास हज़ार डॉलर से कम के मॉर्गेज को प्रीपे न करें। यह सलाह तभी सही है जब मॉर्गेज सात लाख पचास हज़ार डॉलर से कम हो, आप डिडक्शन्स आइटमाइज कर रहे हों और इंटरेस्ट रेट इतना कम हो कि इन्वेस्टिंग, मॉर्गेज चुकाने से बेहतर रिटर्न दे। जो लोग नहीं जानते, US में सात लाख पचास हज़ार डॉलर से कम बैलेंस वाले मॉर्गेज पर आप चुकाए गए सारे इंटरेस्ट को डिडक्ट कर सकते हैं, बशर्ते आप डिडक्शन्स को आइटमाइज कर रहे हों। आपको खुद पता लगाना होगा कि क्या आपके सिनेरियो में आइटमाइज्ड डिडक्शन्स, सरकार के स्टैंडर्ड डिडक्शन से बेहतर हैं। अगर आप मैरिड फाइलिंग जॉइंटली कर रहे हैं, तो दो हज़ार पच्चीस में आपका स्टैंडर्ड डिडक्शन इकत्तीस हज़ार पाँच सौ डॉलर है। इस मॉर्गेज इंटरेस्ट डिडक्शन से तभी फायदा होगा जब आपके टोटल आइटमाइज्ड डिडक्शन्स स्टैंडर्ड डिडक्शन से ज़्यादा हों। एक उदाहरण के तौर पर, मान लीजिए आप शादीशुदा हैं और आपके पास मॉर्गेज इंटरेस्ट पच्चीस हज़ार, स्टेट और लोकल टैक्स दस हज़ार, और चैरिटेबल डोनेशन पाँच हज़ार हैं। कुल आइटमाइज्ड डिडक्शन चालीस हज़ार डॉलर हुए। क्योंकि चालीस हज़ार, इकत्तीस हज़ार पाँच सौ से ज़्यादा है, आपको टैक्स बचाने के लिए आइटमाइज करना चाहिए और फिर देखें कि स्टेप चार आप पर लागू होता है या नहीं। स्टेप चार में, हाई इंटरेस्ट वाले कर्ज चुकाना आपकी पहली प्रायोरिटी होनी चाहिए। अगर आपके पास दस परसेंट से ऊपर कुछ भी है, तो यहीं से शुरू करना बेस्ट है। स्टेप नंबर पाँच है एक टैक्सेबल ब्रोकरेज अकाउंट में इन्वेस्ट करना। अगर आप हाई अर्नर हैं और स्टेप एक से चार तक कर चुके हैं, तो एक्स्ट्रा सेविंग्स लॉन्ग टर्म ग्रोथ के लिए टैक्सेबल ब्रोकरेज अकाउंट में जा सकती है। किसमें इन्वेस्ट करना है, गाइड आपको वीटीआई और वीओओ जैसे ईटीएफ में इन्वेस्ट करने की सलाह देती है, न कि इंडिविजुअल स्टॉक्स में। इंडिविजुअल स्टॉक्स ज़्यादा रिटर्न के कारण रोमांचक हो सकते हैं, पर वे बहुत रिस्की भी होते हैं। मान लीजिए आपके पास एक हज़ार डॉलर हैं और आप पाँच कंपनियों में दो सौ डॉलर इन्वेस्ट करते हैं। अगर उनमें से कोई एक असाधारण रूप से अच्छा परफॉर्म करती है, जैसे हाल ही में एनवीडिया ने किया। एनवीडिया में आपका दो सौ डॉलर का इन्वेस्टमेंट अकेले छह सौ, आठ सौ या शायद एक हज़ार डॉलर में बदल सकता है, जिससे आपके पोर्टफोलियो गेन्स में काफी बढ़ोतरी होगी। लेकिन इसका दूसरा पहलू ये है, कि अगर आपके पाँच स्टॉक्स में से कोई एक खराब परफॉर्म करता है या दिवालिया हो जाता है, तो आपका नुकसान ओवरऑल मार्केट से ज़्यादा हो सकता है, खासकर बुरे साल में। जैसे, अगर किसी साल मार्केट दस परसेंट नीचे है और आपने ऐसी कंपनियों में इन्वेस्ट किया है जो पचास परसेंट नीचे हैं, तो आप एक वोलेटाइल साल में मार्केट से कम परफॉर्म करेंगे। इंडिविजुअल स्टॉक्स चुनना मार्केट को बीट करने और जल्दी वेल्थ बनाने का एक आकर्षक तरीका हो सकता है। लेकिन अगर आपको रिसर्च पसंद नहीं, या किसी स्टॉक पर ज़्यादा यकीन नहीं, और आप पैसे खोने का रिस्क नहीं लेना चाहते, तो इंडेक्स फंड्स ही आपके लिए बेहतर रहेंगे। इंडेक्स फंड्स एक पैसिव स्ट्रैटेजी है जहाँ आप इसे सेट करके भूल जाते हैं। आप मार्केट या इंडेक्स पर निर्भर रहते हैं, और आपको उनके हिस्टोरिकल एवरेज रिटर्न्स मिलते हैं। S&P 500 में, आपको हर साल आठ से दस परसेंट मिल सकता है। स्टेप नंबर छह: अपने आरएसयू का क्या करना है, अगर आपके पास कोई है तो। आरएसयू का मतलब है रेस्ट्रिक्टेड स्टॉक यूनिट्स, जो एम्प्लॉइज को कंपनी में ज़्यादा समय तक रहने के लिए प्रोत्साहित करते हैं। अगर आप टेस्ला में काम करते हैं और कंपनसेशन पैकेज में चार हज़ार आरएसयू मिलते हैं, तो यह बहुत अच्छा होगा क्योंकि इसकी कीमत एक मिलियन डॉलर से ज़्यादा है। लेकिन आमतौर पर आरएसयू का चार साल का रेस्ट्रिक्टेड वेस्टिंग शेड्यूल होता है, यानी आप एक साल की क्लिफ पर हर साल पच्चीस परसेंट अनलॉक करते हैं। इसका मतलब है कि आपको क्लिफ को पार करने और अपने टेस्ला आरएसयू स्टॉक का पच्चीस परसेंट अनलॉक करने के लिए कम से कम एक साल रहना होगा। फिर उसके बाद, हर महीने आप और ज़्यादा शेयर्स जमा करेंगे और अनलॉक करेंगे। एक साल की क्लिफ इसलिए रखी जाती है ताकि नए एम्प्लॉइज बस अंदर आकर, स्टॉक लेकर, उसे बेचकर, और फिर चले न जाएँ। गाइड कहती है कि आप आरएसयू को वेस्ट होते ही बेच दें, पर मुझे लगता है कि यह आपकी कंपनी और आपको अभी पैसे चाहिए या नहीं, इस पर निर्भर करता है। अगर आप अपनी कंपनी में विश्वास करते हैं और अभी पैसे की ज़रूरत नहीं है, तो शायद आप अपने आरएसयू होल्ड कर सकते हैं, क्योंकि यह वेल्थ बनाने का एक अच्छा तरीका हो सकता है अगर आप उन शेयर्स को होल्ड कर पाते हैं और आपकी कंपनी अच्छा करती है। रेडिट गाइड कहती है कि अगर आपके कुल इन्वेस्टमेंट्स का एक तिहाई से ज़्यादा कंपनी के आरएसयू में लगा है, तो डाइवर्सिफाई करें, जो आमतौर पर बहुत ज़्यादा कंसन्ट्रेटेड होने से बचने के लिए सही है। कुछ मामलों में आप अपनी कंपनी के स्टॉक को होल्ड करना चाहेंगे, खासकर अगर आपकी कंपनी रॉकेट शिप ट्रेजेक्टरी पर है। भले ही आपकी नेट वर्थ अचानक उस कंपनी के स्टॉक का बड़ा हिस्सा बन जाए, फिर भी यह लॉन्ग रन में आपके लिए बेहतर हो सकता है। उदाहरण के लिए, अगर आप एनवीडिया में काम करते हैं और आपके पास आरएसयू थे और इस साल की शुरुआत में, आपको पता था कि एआई बूम ज़ोरों पर था, तो क्या आप सच में उन स्टॉक्स में से एक से डाइवर्सिफाई करना चाहेंगे जिसमें अभी स्टॉक मार्केट में शायद सबसे ज़्यादा मोमेंटम है? शायद नहीं। यदि आपके स्टॉक विकल्प आपकी कंपनी के स्टॉक से खराब हैं, तो विविधता लाने पर विचार करें। आरएसयू को 401k या रॉथ आईआरए जैसे टैक्स-लाभ वाले खातों में स्थानांतरित नहीं किया जा सकता। गाइड का सुझाव है कि उन्हें बेचकर उन पैसों से उन खातों को फंड करें, यदि आपने पहले से नहीं किया है। मैं इससे काफी सहमत हूँ, पर यह आपकी स्थिति पर निर्भर करता है। स्टेप नंबर सात: लॉन्ग-टर्म ग्रोथ के लिए इक्विटीज़ का एक वेल-डाइवर्सिफाइड पोर्टफोलियो रखना। गाइड पचास साल से कम उम्र में अस्सी से सौ परसेंट इक्विटीज़ और कीमती धातुओं या क्रिप्टो जैसे ऑल्टरनेटिव्स में पाँच से दस परसेंट का छोटा एलोकेशन रखने का सुझाव देती है, अगर आप उस रिस्क के साथ कम्फर्टेबल हैं। पचास के बाद, वोलेटिलिटी कम करने और कैपिटल बचाने के लिए सत्तर या शायद साठ परसेंट इक्विटीज़ तक एडजस्ट करना चाहेंगे। यह रेकमेंडेशन काफी सटीक है। मैंने पहले भी शेयर किया है कि आप जितने छोटे होते हैं, उतना ही ज़्यादा रिस्क-ऑन हो सकते हैं, क्योंकि आप वेल्थ बनाने के फेज़ में होते हैं। इस स्टेप के लिए ज़्यादा कमेंट्स नहीं हैं। चलिए स्टेप नंबर आठ पर चलते हैं। स्टेप नंबर आठ: टर्म, डिसेबिलिटी या अम्ब्रेला इंश्योरेंस के ज़रिए इनकम और एसेट्स को प्रोटेक्ट करना। मुझे पर्सनली लगता है कि यह स्टेप ऑप्शनल है, लेकिन अगर आपको इंश्योरेंस चाहिए, तो इस गाइड के अनुसार उनके वेरिएशंस के बारे में बात करते हैं। पहला है टर्म लाइफ इंश्योरेंस। मेरी राय में, यह होल लाइफ से बेहतर है कम प्रीमियम, सीधी शर्तें। गाइड सलाह देती है कि आप अपनी हाउसहोल्ड इनकम का 4-8 गुना लाइफ इंश्योरेंस लें। तो उदाहरण के लिए, छह गुना लेते हैं। मान लीजिए आपकी हाउसहोल्ड इनकम साल की ढाई लाख डॉलर है। तो आपके पास एक लैडर्ड टर्म पॉलिसी हो सकती है जहाँ आप तीस साल के लिए एक मिलियन डॉलर और बीस साल के लिए पाँच लाख के लिए कवर्ड हैं। इस तरह, अगर आप अभी पैंतीस साल के हैं, तो आपके पास पैंसठ साल की उम्र में रिटायरमेंट तक आपको कवर करने वाली एक मिलियन डॉलर की पॉलिसी हो सकती है, और आपके पास एक एक्स्ट्रा पाँच लाख डॉलर होंगे जो आपको पचपन साल की उम्र तक कवर करेंगे, शायद जब आपका मॉर्गेज पूरी तरह से चुका दिया गया हो। तो पैंतीस से पचपन तक, आपके पास कुल डेढ़ मिलियन डॉलर की पॉलिसी होगी, जब आपकी ज़रूरतें सबसे ज़्यादा हों, जैसे बच्चे, मॉर्गेज, वगैरह। और पचपन से पैंसठ तक, आपके पास अभी भी वह एक मिलियन डॉलर का कवरेज होगा, क्योंकि शायद इस समय तक आपके बच्चे कॉलेज चले गए हैं और आपका मॉर्गेज चुका दिया गया है। हालाँकि, पैंसठ साल की उम्र के बाद, आप अपने दम पर हैं। लेकिन टर्म लाइफ इंश्योरेंस आपको मिलने वाले कवरेज के लिए अपेक्षाकृत सस्ता है। तो इस तरह की पॉलिसी के साथ, आपके प्रीमियम महीने में सौ से डेढ़ सौ डॉलर के बीच हो सकते हैं, अह, पंद्रह सौ से दो हज़ार डॉलर प्रति माह की तुलना में जो एक होल लाइफ पॉलिसी हो सकती है। दूसरे प्रकार का इंश्योरेंस है डिसेबिलिटी इंश्योरेंस। अगर आपका प्रोफेशन फिजिकल एबिलिटीज़ पर निर्भर करता है, जैसे आप एक सर्जन हैं, तो ओन ऑक्यूपेशन डिसेबिलिटी पॉलिसी लें। काम नहीं कर सकते तो कमाई प्रोटेक्ट करने के लिए साठ से सत्तर परसेंट इनकम रिप्लेसमेंट का लक्ष्य रखें। ये सब तो इनकम प्रोटेक्शन की बात थी। अब आते हैं तीसरे प्रकार के इंश्योरेंस पर, अम्ब्रेला इंश्योरेंस। ये हाई अर्नर्स के लिए बहुत ही ज़रूरी है, क्योंकि आप जितने ज़्यादा अमीर होते जाते हैं, मुकदमों के लिए उतने ही बड़े टारगेट बन जाते हैं। अम्ब्रेला इंश्योरेंस तब काम आता है जब आपकी रेगुलर ऑटो या होमओनर इंश्योरेंस की लिमिट्स पार हो जाती हैं। मान लीजिए आप किसी गंभीर कार एक्सीडेंट में हैं और कोई आप पर दो मिलियन डॉलर का मुकदमा करता है। आपका ऑटो इंश्योरेंस शायद पाँच लाख डॉलर कवर करेगा, लेकिन इससे आप पर डेढ़ मिलियन डॉलर की ज़िम्मेदारी आ जाएगी। यह आपकी पूरी नेट वर्थ और भविष्य की कमाई को खत्म कर सकता है, लेकिन एक दो मिलियन डॉलर की अम्ब्रेला पॉलिसी उस गैप को भर देगी। गाइड कम से कम एक मिलियन डॉलर के अम्ब्रेला कवरेज की सलाह देती है, लेकिन एक हाई अर्नर के रूप में, आप शायद दो मिलियन डॉलर से ज़्यादा कंसीडर करना चाहेंगे। इस इंश्योरेंस की कॉस्ट काफी सस्ती है। यह अक्सर एक मिलियन डॉलर के कवरेज के लिए सिर्फ दो सौ से चार सौ डॉलर प्रति वर्ष होता है, और हर एडिशनल मिलियन पर शायद सिर्फ सौ या दो सौ डॉलर प्रति वर्ष और लगेंगे। यह निश्चित रूप से रखना अच्छा है। अगर आप हाई अर्नर हैं, तो आपको इनमें से किसी इंश्योरेंस की ज़रूरत नहीं है, लेकिन कुछ लोगों को इन्हें रखना पसंद होता है। यह हाई इनकम अर्नर्स के लिए एक कंप्लीट आठ-स्टेप फाइनेंशियल प्लेबुक थी, जिसे महत्व के क्रम में प्राथमिकता दी गई है। इस फ्रेमवर्क में मुझे पसंद है कि यह अंदाज़ा मिटा देता है कि अगला डॉलर कहाँ जाए, और उस रेडिट उपयोगकर्ता को धन्यवाद जिसने इसे संकलित किया। एक हाई अर्नर होना सिर्फ बहुत सारा पैसा कमाना नहीं है, बल्कि यह उस पैसे को सही तरीके से मैनेज करके, उसे लंबे समय तक चलने वाली और टिकाऊ वेल्थ में बदलने के बारे में है। आप अभी किस स्टेप पर काम कर रहे हैं? नीचे कमेंट्स में बताएं। अगर आप मेरे इस वीडियो में इंटरेस्टेड हैं कि अमीर लोग पैसे के बारे में कैसे सोचना पसंद करते हैं, तो आप यहाँ यह वीडियो देख सकते हैं। यह टॉप एक परसेंट और उससे आगे के लोगों की मानसिकता पर एक अच्छा वीडियो है। मैं आप लोगों से उस वीडियो में या इस चैनल पर भविष्य के किसी वीडियो में मिलूँगा। यहाँ फिर से आने के लिए धन्यवाद। पीस।

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnbuehler3 [1 likes]: What is your recommendation for someone that wants to retire by the age of 50 and is considering investing in a brokerage account to bridge the 10 yr gap before they’re able to withdrawal penalty free from their IRA and 401k. Although they’re contributing to their IRA and 401k, they’re not maxing them out.
  2. @MarkInvestsUSA: Love the focus on practical advice!
  3. @johnmichaelmorrow1589: This is a great guide for above average income but, for people with truly high income this guide is a ticking time bomb for taxes. Most people will save for retirement then retire and spend down their accounts into their 80s and then die and leave their home to heirs. This advice is adequate for that person; however, for truly high income they will never spend all their money. They might spend 25k/m or 300k/yr while netting over 500k+ in income. In that range they will likely hit retirement with well over 10M in assets. When they retire they can replace their income using only 3% or less of their portfolio meaning they will probably die leaving over 40M to their heirs. If you own real estate and individual stocks their is a step up in basis and the heirs pay no income or capital gains taxes to receive those dollars, but if they have 10M plus in retirement accounts those could be double taxed meaning estate taxes and income taxes on those accounts. This could leave over 2/3rds of retirement accounts to the IRS at death not to mention RMDs which force that retiree into the highest tax bracket during retirement. You might say to avoid that just spend down retirement accounts first before brokerage accounts to avoid the tax trap at death; however, selling individual stocks is a 23.8% maximum CG tax and liquidating retirement accounts is a 37% maximum federal income tax (not including state taxes) no one will willing pay 37% over 23.8% meaning the retirement accounts never get touched and largely go the IRS at death. Once you reach the point that you are able to save over about 100k/yr you take the employee match and that’s it. no more dollars to tax deferred accounts. Hope this helps anymore making over about 400k-500k/yr.
  4. @BillDaBurgerEater: Lol:  thinking NVDA, TSLA, GOOGL, MSFT and JNJ is a "diversified portfolio".
  5. @dogg2318: Could you please share the link to the document with companies offering mega backdoor? Thanks!
  6. @todd4468: All the money used to pay down debt is money that is not invested and making you more money.
  7. @todd4468: If you ever want to retire early skip retirement funds and load up a brokerage. Stick to broad based etfs that you will never sell. Qqqm, spym, schd.
  8. @todd4468: Why have an emergency fund. 3-6 months is a lot of money that wont be making you money. Put it into an eft and it gains 10% min per year which should easily offset a market drawdown. When you have an emergency sell some.
  9. @barebonesfinancelab: great stuff...thank you
  10. @MarkInvestsUSA: Sounds like a solid plan for the future!
  11. @mattress6898: Umbrella insurance is much more expensive thannhe presented.  Maybe i have a high cost insurance company.   In fact all my insurance especially auto is through the roof and we have nothing on our driving records.
  12. @jsaenz42: I dunno if keeping RSUs is ever worth it, you said yourself not to pick individual stocks, much less if your company does bad it threatens your income and your assets at once. 

Just think, if I was given the USD value of the RSUs at vest, would I turn around and buy my company’s stock with it? Probably not
  13. @ShortCut-x7: ❤
  14. @andreawalden4780: If you have a net worth of two million, and your current insurance will pay up to five hundred thousand,  then you need an umbrella policy to cover 1.5 million.  The umbrella policy won't kick in until your current policy is exhausted.
  15. @srishtiahuja9118: FYP!😊
  16. @Alphasig336: Mega Backdoor sounds like IRS should investigate and prosecute for the tax evasion.

Some restricted stock also require to remain after exercise the option beyond vesting. So you can’t sell them all and immediately leave.  That why I’d sell them and buy regular stock shares.  

Those with a Pension their risk levels shoud be much higher.
  17. @Alphasig336: If you have good insurance and HSA isn’t available or beneficial.   What use an HSA when my annual cost for medical care goes up 10K a year.     When I was younger in my 20’s this would have made sense.
  18. @Alex.Compounds.Wealth: I will be there!
  19. @grahfkarate1799: Confused on the HSA. If you have a 2000 buck expense you can withdraw the growth later ??? I thought you can just withdraw the expense
  20. @healwithjenna: Thank you!!! 🙏🏻

- Everything You NEED to Know About STR Cleaners (Wildest Stories!): Kind: captions Language: en And I was 25 years old, fresh off the turnup truck, trying to run our first short-term rental in the Smokies. And she knew this. And from the very first guest we ever had, she called me and lit me up. I don't know how you could let these people rent your house. They've completely disrespected it. I can't believe you would rent to people like this. They just made a huge mess, and I'm going to need an extra $50 to clean this up. This is Short-Term Rental Management, the show that is all about short-term rental property management with your host, yours truly, Luke Carl. Short-term rental management, short-term rental management. It is the cleaner pod. Very excited to have this one going on today. Man, we've been working on this for a while and today it is all about cleaners, housekeepers, keeping our properties clean. They are so necessary and we love them so much. But before we get into it, I want to introduce the panel. Of course, we've got Avery Carl, the greatest of all time, the president of Vacation Reynolds. I've got six copies of her brand new book right back there behind me. Uh Avery, how are you? Uh we've got Katie. Katie is in Long Beach, California. She has purchased five properties actually with the short-term shop, which is something we're very happy about. Thank you very much. Very glad to earn your business there. And she is full-time real estate. She's co-hosting and doing it all. She's done it all. She's said it all. I got Frank from Middle Tennessee. Uh Frank's a rockstar and I'm glad he's here because he's hilarious and looking for uh all the uh the humor that he's going to bring. Well, I appreciate the compliment, but looks aren't everything. Oh, there we go. You see what I tell you? Zing. We've got Erica. Coach Erica is with Short-Term Shop Plus. She's one of our coaches. She is in the Chicagoland area. owns properties in East Tennessee and in Branson, Missouri. And we have January Johnson, who is uh the goat of the Emerald Coast. She's been in the biz a long time. She sells houses. She's an agent for the short-term shop and has been a big part of the Airbnb community for a number of years. And we have Stacy who's in love, Texas, owns rentals in both Leach, Texas, and Florida, which she uses for her own personal desires as well, which is a wonderful thing. desires. Yes. I don't know. It was a random word. It's the best I could come up with. So, here we are on the cleaner pot. I think the first thing to talk about uh which is very necessary is to uh I mean, guys, my entire goal in life is to make my wife laugh. So, whether it's a positive laugh or negative, as long as it works, I'm happy. Either way, uh we'll talk about the cleaners first. So, in no way are we saying anything negative about cleaners today. I would never do such a thing. I love my cleaners. Can't live without them. Uh today's uh podcast is meant to be informative. We want to fill folks in, especially new folks in on kind of what they're getting themselves into here as far as hiring and firing. That is definitely the main purpose of the call. Hiring is never easy. And a lot of times vacation rentals can be somebody's kind of first uh you know step into the business, running of a business or the entrepreneurial world. And in that world, you find yourself hiring quite a bit. And of course with hiring unfortunately does come firing. So those two topics will be the primary um uh effort of today's show. That being said, absolutely love my my uh my cleaners. Always have. Even the ones that it didn't work out, you know, I was grateful for them. And also I uh I do have one of my cleaners that listens to my show. So, um, uh, happy to have her, uh, let chiming in and hopefully hear me say great things about her because I do love her. Anybody else have any love they want to give for their cleaner before we get going? Uh, anything else on this subject of cleaner love in general? I tell people I tell Go ahead, Jan. I said I tell people who are just starting out in short-term rentals, if you have a keypad lock on the door and a great cleaner, you can rule the planet 100%. Go ahead, Erica. I was just going to say my Smokeoky's cleaner is like she's just amazing. She doesn't just clean, she takes care of maintenance, checks everything, looks at everything. I mean, she's my boots on the ground. I couldn't do it without her. And this is when and this is when every single person listening to this show right now is trying to get their hands on Erica's cleaner's phone number. But go ahead, Katie. Uh, I've had one of my cleaners I've had for three years, and honestly, I don't think that I would be successful in the market without her. Uh, I mean, she's just been a godsend. So, yes. So, nothing but cleaner love. We love you. We love you. We love you. We can't live without you. It is a huge part of our business. Okay. So, first question of the day, and I'm going to go straight to Frank uh first on this one, and I want to know, how did you find your most recent cleaner? So, uh we had an emergency, and we needed a uh a cleaner. You know, our previous cleaner had an emergency, so we scrambled to find one. Our handyman referred us to uh the cleaners that we have now. We've been very happy with them, but they filled in in a GIF when uh when somebody the previous cleaner couldn't make it. Uh before we get any deeper, I forgot to mention, there's one announcement that I forgot to mention. Directly after this podcast, next week, we will have the cleaners coming on to talk about the hosts. All right, not your cleaners, but I have random cleaners from random markets coming on to have the cleaner pod part two. It's going to be very exciting. So, make sure you come back to short-term rental management next Tuesday for part two. Okay, Katie, how did you find your most recent cleaner? I found my most recent cleaner through uh the Facebook groups. Um, I had always tried to hire uh individual cleaners, not like large uh cleaning companies, but I was really struggling finding an individual that uh could handle the large size of house. So, I decided to finally take Chuck Kramer's advice and uh we have been super happy. Okay, cool. We will actually talk about that a little bit more here in just a minute. Uh Erica, most recent hire, where did they come from? My most recent hire was out in Branson and it actually came from getting to know my neighbors. So, my my first cleaner was the a horror story. It was really bad. Um but then um talked to my neighbors, my neighbor downstairs, my neighbor next door, some of the other people that I knew had some short-term rentals in the neighborhood and got a name and she's been great. Okay, wonderful. Uh which by the way, you can in theory do that on Airbnb as well. You could message your neighbors on Airbnb and say, you know, hey, do you want to be friends with me? And then ask for a cleaner. But the problem is is if you're not aware, which you should be, they the other person could flag you as spam on Airbnb and then you could be removed from Airbnb for sending messages uh that are not technically allowed by the platform. So, be aware of that. But Erica, it sounded to me like you were you you stumbled on this person in real life or door knocked or something. I was I was in Branson at my property. Yeah. And then I just I knew my neighbors were around, so I like doortodoor salesman. This is where it comes in very handy to be an extrovert because I would have done the same thing. I would go up to every single person in that building and say, "Hey, I'm Luke. I just bought this one over here. What can you tell me? What What's the gossip?" You know, let's go. Oh, it's hilarious. They all all the people in the neighborhood have golf carts and they meet down by the river at 7:00, which I saw them do for a couple days. So, then I just met them all down by the river with a rented golf cart and got the scoop on everybody's stuff in the neighborhood. Some adult beverages it sounds like, were maybe involved there. Okay. Missouri way of doing things. Okay. January, most recent hire. Where did they come from? So, I live in the same town where my rental property is. And so, I for a long time I had a separate housekeeper for my personal house and my rental property because I didn't think anybody needed to know all of my business. And I tried to keep them separate for a long time. And I've been doing this for 10 years and have been through multiple housekeepers both personally and with my rental property. But my personal housekeepers were so good and they have a team that I just thought this is dumb. So, let me just ask the personal housekeeping team, do you do rentals? And they were like, of course we do. So, I said, okay, I just I need you to do my rental property, too. And so, um, after having them and my personal house for several years, they've expanded to my rental property. So, that's that's where I've been for the last couple years, and they're awesome. Wonderful. I do want to touch on that a little bit more. Um, I'm going to come back to that though, however, after Stacy tells us where she found her most recent hire. We so well we just we had to get rid of our one in most recently in November, but um we had found her also on a Facebook group page, the local Facebook group. Uh we had found her there and then our most recent one we found on Turno. Okay. And that was our first experience with them. We hadn't used them before, but it's been great so far. It's been great. And what was the Turno experience like? Again, showing my age here, but it's a bit like Craigslist in some ways, right? or Facebook marketplace. It is. So, and they're all rated. Um, she had great reviews and it's linked to our VBO and Airbnb listings, so she automatically gets our bookings. We There's nothing I have to send her. She gets all of our dates. Um, everything is paid through their I think they take I don't remember the percentage that they take, but everything is done through the Turno website. Yes, Turno is a great option. Uh, Dacia, have you had any negative at all from that? In other words, do you feel that this cleaner is perhaps trying to hustle too many properties through turno or? No, not so far. Like she she has a a small team that helps her and I think she's careful with taking too many. So far she's been great. Like I said, we just started her in January, but so far it's been good. Love that. We're actually going to come back to that thought here in just a little while. But January, January, I did want to come back to the consolidation of properties thought that you had because I have had that same thought where, you know, when you first start, and I hear this quite often with new folks, u putting all your eggs in one basket and having just one cleaner and having maybe a backup cleaner. And uh I I in the early days, I I thought it was a bad idea to have all properties with one cleaner. So, I had two cleaners even in the same market. And then over the years, uh, I got to the point where I'm like, why am I dealing with two cleaners on these these this set of properties? Why don't I just put them all with one cleaner? And then honestly, it just worked out like right around that same time, one of my cleaners quit. She uh had too many properties with a actually a friend of mine that I uh we were sharing her and then he bought so many properties that she no longer needed me basically. And so then I put moved all of mine to my other cleaner and now she's on all my properties and has been for a number of years. And I'm here to tell you so much easier, at least in my uh situation to have all my eggs in one basket. And I do not have a backup cleaner. I don't I feel feel like I don't need one. That's to my in my opinion kind of her job if she wants to go on vacation. If she has an issue with getting the flu or something like that, you know, I think that she's the cleaner. She's the person in charge of these properties as far as cleanliness. And um I'll be honest with you, we've never even had a conversation about what happens when she goes on vacation. and she she just handles it, you know. So, January, um, similar to what you were mentioning before, is that uh do you have any thoughts there? I do. So, I've been doing this for 10 years, and when I first started, my cleaners didn't even have a smartphone. So, if if they said, "Hey, this place is a wreck or something's been damaged." I'd say, "Okay, send me pictures." Oh, we don't have a phone that can do that. And so, um, it was difficult in the beginning because we didn't have Turno. We didn't have all those other technology things and they didn't even have basic smartphone technology. So, I always had two cleaners. I had I had a backup cleaner. I would just send them randomly, you know, like, "Okay, here's a clean and here's a" So, that both people were familiar with the property um and, you know, could go in at any time if I needed them to do that. And I would tell people uh who were getting into the business, I would say, "You need two two cleaners because one of them's going to go crazy something, you know." But I was also hiring mom and pop people who didn't have a big backup team and who were, you know, just they were they were doing it themselves. And I live in a small town. This is a small town and not that there's not enough cleaners, but when I started out, I'd, you know, I was hiring them from like Next Door and places like that, which I also call Facebook for nosy neighbors, but I would get, you know, good recommendations on there. Um, but I it was it was sort of a revolving door. I've even been fired by a cleaner. So, I I was fired by a cleaner that I recommended to a lot of other people. She kept them and fired me. So, um, so, but my team now, my lady has a team of people. So, it is like backup cleaners. I don't have to do business with multiple businesses because she has a whole team of people. Um, she's Brazilian and she hires lots of Brazilian women who live here and they're super amazing and they're reliable and they show up on time. And, um, I was worried though because, you know, on my personal home, I'm on a schedule. Every two weeks on Friday, she comes and cleans my personal home. And I was worried, Lord, we need it more than that. I was worried that they wouldn't I don't know why I was worried about them, but I was like I was worried that they wouldn't they had too many people on a regular schedule and they wouldn't be able to fit me in at the random Airbnb schedule times that come. That was my first concern, but she's got enough people and she wasn't worried about that. So, and I've referred her to several other people. Um, and I think she's amazing. So, it's sort of all my eggs in one basket, but my basket has multiple compartments, so it's okay. Well, we will not have our clean. I I don't want people in my professional life like also folding my panties. It feels weird. We will never have I fold my own panties and I also don't want them to know how messy we are. Frank, we're here for the comedy. My concern is that they probably a good thing I'm on mute. Sorry, January. Good thing what? I actually had a cleaner one time who once she was cleaning my personal home and my um rental property, she asked me for a raise just because I could afford it, she told me. Oh my. Oh, that's not that's not how that happened. Oh my. So perhaps she saw a handbag or something that tipped her off. Uh the That's what I was going to ask is how would she know? How does she know? Yeah, she just saw my rental properties and was like, "Oh, you have multiple rental properties. You must be rich or something." quote unquote. Yes, there is that stigma there that if you have extra houses, uh I was just astounded. I was like that that's not how that works. Like you don't need to set the rate like that. If you had any idea that extra houses really just means extra debt is all that means, right? Exactly. Yeah. Um okay. Uh along those same lines, uh Katie, large property, large cleaner organizations versus small cleaner organizations. Do you have experience with both? And do you prefer one or the other? I do have experience with both. And uh I really enjoy having the personal relationship with my cleaner uh that is the smaller, you know, mom pop shop and we've been able to build a really good relationship. So I feel like she's willing to go above and beyond when things go really bad for a guest or something. Um, and I know that she will communicate things to me that are going on at the property that a larger company has a harder time communicating with, you know, because there's just so many layers to their organization that a cleaner may, you know, say that something's broken, but it's doesn't translate in the way that I I don't know what to do with that information. Like, so for example, last week I was told, "Oh, the oven light won't turn off." And I made a terrible choice in not asking for further clarification on that. And it turns out the entire oven's broken. Um, but I didn't I just was like, "Okay, it's not a big deal. It's just the oven light." Well, turns out I have to replace the oven and now I have an upset guest. So, but if it had been my mom paw cleaner, she would have communicated further like, "Your oven's broken, you know, and it's not turning on." So, I But the bigger company also has like maintenance and stuff like that. So, it's way easier for me to just get somebody in there within a couple hours if something's wrong. So, I feel like you, you know, it's a give and take. All right. Large company versus small. Erica, have you uh any opinion on that subject? Yeah, I'm with Katie on that. Um I've had experience with both and um it's just it's much more communication is better when it's personal and um when I have that same person or the same three or four people because they're all part of the same little group coming in and out. They know the property. They know the the little tinks. And um and again, they just pay more attention to what's going on. And tinks. Tinks. Is that a word? Tinks. I made it up. Like little things. A write that down. Tinks. Okay. Uh you know, here my I got I do have a thought on this. Is that uh basically when it comes to large versus small, hire whoever the hell you can get your hands on who's going to show up the first time. You know what I mean? And and learn as you go. Uh so there's one thought there. And uh and a lot of times if you're new and and you you get the creature comforts of having this big organization, you know, they're going to show up, they're going to send somebody, might not be the best service ever. Um but uh and then also you got to also ask yourself, yes, it is better in my opinion slightly to have this smaller organization, but are they going to want to grow at at a certain point and bring on a whole bunch of other properties cuz that can be get that can also get annoying. Finding somebody that's happy cleaning houses in some cases is not that easy to do. And so finding somebody that's happy with cleaning 13 houses is also, you know, a lot of times they're like, I want 20. And then things can kind of fall apart a little bit. And in the cleaner defense, this happens in every every profession. I mean, you can go find a a guy that went to school for 14 years to be a a radiologist and and he's over it. You know what I mean? He's move he wants to go on to what's next. So it's not the profession in general. It's just human nature to want to try and move on at some point. So there there's a lot of thoughts involved there. Frank, um, now that I made no sense at all whatsoever with my statement, uh, do you prefer a larger or a smaller organization? Yeah, I prefer a smaller organization. Uh, number of reasons, some that were just touched on, but, you know, if something's wrong, I want the cleaner to be able to send something to me right away. Let me know, you know, somebody left it a mess or something was broken. Um, I want them to be able to, you know, replace a light bulb. If they find a light bulb out, they know where the light bulbs are. You know, I want them to be able to do that. And then, you know, we've offered guests that we'll decorate if they're going in town for a special occasion. We have decorations for different themes and we want to be able to ask the cleaner to leave those things out, you know, plates or banners or whatever for for the various events. And I think with a larger company, you're just going through more layers to get there. Absolutely. Stacy, same question. Uh, we've had experience with both. I kind of prefer the smaller or just the oneman shows. I guess the I don't know who said it, but the communication thing like I can just shoot her a text. Hey, did you find a pillow? Or some of this stuff is just quick things like I don't I'm trying to think of something off the top of my head. Like for instance, yesterday we had someone, hey, was a pillow left? I could just shoot her a text real quick. Did you find a pillow? Okay, go put it on the porch. They're going to swing by and get it. I guess you're kind of um cutting out that middleman for a bigger company. So, I prefer the smaller onewoman shows. I mean, like I said, she has a crew, but for the most part, I can speak directly with her. Okay, great. Looks like the general consensus, at least with this panel, and again, if we had a whole different panel, maybe it would be different, but uh generally leaning towards the smaller organization rather than the larger, but again, I I've used larger ones in the past and had success there. And um and and like Katie said, they uh they do come with a bit of an upside. They're going to know they might even have somebody that can do other tasks, handyman type stuff. Or if not, they will probably know other more people in the market and and have a a rolodex. Again, dating myself with that term. Okay, cool. Do we have any uh um what do we do to keep our cleaners happy? Um so, you know, when we we're moving around in this business, there's a lot of stress. There's stress. You know, guests in general tend to be a little grumpy and we've all we've all been through that. These people are on vacation. They're out of their element. They are stressed out from just the travel just to get there. You know, there's always there's always a one person in the group that's super excited and could not be more happy they're in their element. That's the type of person that is looking up real estate in that town while they're on vacation because they want to buy something there. That's everybody on this call. Um, and then you got the, you know, Uncle Larry, we'll call him. Uncle Larry's in the corner like, "Why did I drive all the way here to drink Coors Light when I could have drank Coors Light at home? This is really annoying. Um, I have to share this uh this uh bathroom with uh my c my nephew Pey and I'm just annoyed, you know. So, stress level can tend to be high in the business in general. Um, so all joking aside here, um, now Frank, what do we do to keep our cleaners uh, you know, happy and engaged? Sure. So, when we first went live and it was a new listing for us, our first listing, we knew reviews were going to be critically important. So, we gave a small bonus to the cleaners every time we got a five-star review, which, you know, might happen a few days or a week after the guest leaves. But whenever that happened, we'd reach back out and send directly to the cleaner uh small uh token of appreciation. We also try to do the same. Uh again, it's only been about a year that we've been live or coming up on a year, but this past Christmas, we gave all of our service providers, not just cleaners, a Christmas present, you know, just a gift card. And they all seem to really appreciate that. So, not just the cleaner, but also the uh the handyman and lawn service that we use those those type of professionals um to thank them. So, it sounds to me like what you're saying to keep your cleaner happy is cash money. Well, yeah. I mean, that's what they're ultimately doing it for. It's not like this is uh you know, Greenpeace. They're not out there saving the whales. This isn't This probably isn't a passion for them. I think it's you know, financial is the reason that they're doing this. Uh but we also try to be flexible. We have an out outdoor pool. um you know, heated saltwater pool. Um and we've we've let one of our cleaners use that. We let her bring her family, her kids and her husband, we're able to use that one day where we didn't have a guest turnover same day. Um and you know, just threw that out there. Hey, if you want to bring your your two little kids and your husband with and and she really appreciated it and said that they had a great time with it. So, little things like that, I think, go a long way. All right, I'm going to break that question down into two questions and I'm going to go to Katie. Katie, do you do a bonus per per review and what is your Christmas bonus system? So, we do a a bonus per review, which really ends up being like the yearly bonus. So, I at the end of the year, I look at how many five stars we have and I give $20 per five star for that. Uh, which is a little bit different. $20 per five star and you pay it in one lump sum. I pay in one lump sum. I was thinking about breaking it out into quarterly so that she doesn't have to wait the whole year for it, but I would be concerned that she takes a lump sum and never calls you back. Uh cuz I'm I could I could maybe do that if I was in my younger years, but Okay, Erica, do you have a a bonus review bonus type of a system and or a Christmas bonus system? End of year bonus. Yeah, we have a quarterly bonus. So, um we just check on how many fivestar reviews and if everything's been good overall, then we go ahead and give a bonus at that quarter. It's usually two times the amount of our cleaning and then at Christmas it's like two and a half or three. Um, but one thing I also do is when I do send out like that quarterly bonus, I follow it up with a text message to them just saying, "Hey, is there anything that I can do to make your job easier?" And they appreciate that, too, cuz I think it's important to to let them know their voice matters and it's a relationship, you know. Wonderful. January, same question. I give random tips and bonuses. I do give a Christmas bonus um or Christmas present, I guess I should say. It's not based on number of reviews or anything like that, but I do give a Christmas amount of money. And then I just give random like and and I I also I mean this not to sound cheap, but I also just text randomly and say, "I really appreciate you." Like, "Thank you so much." You know, um I don't do that instead of giving money. If I feel like giving money, I'll give money as well. But I don't I don't give it, you know, every time. I I don't I don't tip very often or actually. I mean, I feel like I pay a good amount for my cleaner. I don't I don't cheap out on having a good cleaner who has a decent fee and I you know I I believe that they're being paid what they are worth and um so yeah, but I do I do give them verbal appreciation too quite a bit because I do appreciate them. Stacy, same question. Do you give a a review bonus or andor a Christmas bonus? No, we don't do review bonuses, but we do do a Christmas bonus and we do it equivalent to uh the cleaning fee for each property. So, if one's 150, one's 200, I'll give them 350 for Christmas. Whatever the cleaning fee is for each property, but I also we'll give random bonuses throughout the year just as an we appreciate you. Nothing crazy like just here's a $100 or whatever. And then we also I'll send them Vinmo money. I'll grab a coffee, we appreciate you. I'll send $10 or something here and there just as a appreciation. Okay. I am Avery and I are in the January and Stacy boat. We do not do any kind of review based uh bonuses. I do to a certain extent. Uh having grown up as a guy that had a job when I was 11 years old, I just feel that, you know, you do your job and you get paid to do your job. Uh but I I I hit him pretty hard at Christmas time. I'm a big uh gift giver. I love Avery will tell you, we we go I go way overboard at Christmas time. So definitely uh take care of them at Christmas. And and I'm also uh along those same lines, I'm not a afraid to pay my cleaners. You know, I I'm not uh one of these folks that's nickel and diamond and and trying to get the absolute lowest cleaning feed compared to all their enemies. There's a lot of folks out there that are that are nickel and diamond. And to me, that that's going to get you a nickel and dime clean. And so, I'm not I'm not in any way afraid to to pony up on the, you know, just the regular cleaning fee. If the cleaner u throws me a number that I think is too low, I'll I'll say, "You know what? I I don't think that's uh going to work. We're going to pay you more than that because I want this much work out of you." you know, uh I I want this level of expertise out of you. And uh and of course, we do review uh the the amount they're being paid every year to two years like any other job, you know, where if you're working at a in a corporate setting, you're usually what, you know, 2 3 4% a year would be standard procedure, I suppose. And we we kind of look at it that way as well where we'll say, you know, how much are we paying you for this house? What size is the house? and how much can we bump you uh on each turn moving forward, which is, you know, in some ways the exact same thing that Katie and and uh Frank and Erica are doing um just structured a little bit differently. Any other thoughts there in general from anybody without calling on anybody here on on a rel keeping a good relation working relationship with a cleaner and overall happiness level? You know, one thing I thought about as people were talking um if I go there and I only live about three and a half hours from the the place um our our property. If I go there to stock supplies or anything like that or change, you know, holiday decorations, if I get there before the cleaners arrived, I'll start doing stuff and I don't, you know, reduce my their pay or anything like that. I'll strip the sheets, start the laundry, put towels in the washing machine, stuff that takes time. uh because I know a lot of times they're just waiting for those things if they're doing laundry on site or whatever. You know, all of that stuff adds some time to their day and I'll just try and get it started for them and they seem to appreciate when they get there that I jumped on it for them. you know, if I'm going to the property anyways, I think that developing a personal relationship with them is really important and just showing that you have empathy for, you know, we all have like difficult times in our lives and um I think that showing empathy for them when they're going through that stuff. Not that you would expect a lower clean, but uh sometimes you know people are going through hard times or like when I am in town uh I'll take my cleaner out for dinner and just building like the rapport I think with them and showing them that you really care that they're not just you know somebody that's on your payroll really I think is really important. Totally agree with that. Yes, absolutely. We do need to make sure that they care. Um next question. Deep clean system. Uh we try to do it you know twice a year. I generally lean on my cleaner to let me know when it needs to be deep cleaned, but I will say in my experience and just the history of having many different cleaners in different markets, they tend to not think about it sometimes. And and usually uh what what you're trying to avoid is hearing about it from a guest. You know, you've got cobwebs, you've got uh dusty baseboards, you've got uh the ceiling fan is usually where it starts. uh once once that ceiling fan starts to get some dust on it um that's it's all downhill from there and that's that's the first place to look. So like when you know my suggestion would be if you're actually going to one of your properties try to look at your maybe get out you know if you got a ladder or something look at the actual top of the so if you happen to be at one of your properties maybe you get out a uh a ladder take a look at the top of the ceiling fan or if you have a way to do that from the second floor and then it's time for a deep clean you know um I do try to that's again to me that is a a turn situation is the ceiling fan is a turn it needs to be you know they make those ceiling fan cleaners it takes two seconds to just knock the dust off of them but it gets forgotten about pretty pretty easily. Um, so that's that's where I'll start with that. But, uh, so again, I I I try to lean on my cleaners for when I need a deep clean, but we will spreadsheet it as well. And just general rule of thumb, definitely we're going to do a deep clean in the offseason. We might even do a deep clean in the fall and then at the end of offseason, right right when the season comes back in, you know, early spring, that kind of thing. Katie, a deep clean system. Uh, I will do it when my cleaner says that we need to do it. Uh, but I have not noticed from like the larger cleaning companies that there's like a night and day difference between the deep clean and a regular clean. Uh, so I don't know how, you know, it it just it's a lot of money I feel like for the deep cleans. And I'm not sure that you always get your bang for your buck. And I know that there are certain companies out there that will do like where they just really focus on deep cleans, which I've done that before. Well, I'll hire somebody else to do like a real deep clean. For my like my mom pop girl, she she'll tell me and she does an amazing job. She'll, you know, stay, you know, through the night or whatever to uh get it done. And I mean, she's in there cleaning all of the baking pans and making sure, you know, all of that stuff is completely spotless. But sometimes I hire other companies to do it. Yes, that is I think that it's really important that um I knew you were going to talk so I had to like jump in. Just jump in. I think it's really important for especially new investors to understand what is included in a regular clean and what's included in a deep clean and that those are not the same thing. So early on, I would hear complaints from our clients that, "Oh, they're not A lot of like Smokeoky's cabins have these big like shelves up real high that have a bunch of crap on them, and they'd complain, oh, she's not getting up there, or he's not getting up there." I think it's important to remember that not all cleaners are women. Um, getting up there and like dusting all the knick-knacks every every clean or they're not doing the baseboards every single clean. And those are not turn projects. Those are deep clean projects. So, when you're hiring a cleaner, make sure that you ask and understand what's included in a regular and what's included in a deep. Now, if there's a situation where it's like, "Oh man, these baseboards are looking really nasty." Then maybe say, "Hey, do you mind hitting the baseboards on the next turn?" But important to understand the difference between a turn and a deep clean. Well, you make an excellent point there because uh I mean theoretically you could just shoot your cleaner and text having not been to the property and say, you know, the baseboard in the kitchen looked a little uh off, you know, and and just roll the dice with that. But it is here is a very decent point to make after Avery made such an excellent point about u hosts and and homeowners not knowing the difference, not even knowing that they need deep deep cleans. But um you know, the major disconnect we have is that most of the time we're not there. And so cleaner is on their own and a lot of times they can start to feel a little too comfortable and that can be a problem. And also I've had it in the past where a cleaner will even start to feel like they own the house because they know more about the house than I do or at least they think they do. I like that though. I like when they have the ownership and they they care about the house. 100%. I agree. Uh but we you know stepping in to check on the home every now and then reminding them that that they do have somebody to answer to that pays their their cleaning fee. etc. Now, it's a very fine line to walk because if you only have one house, you're probably a pretty small percentage of this person's business and you probably don't really matter that much. So, it's not like you want to go in there and throw weight around, you know? So, I I have an issue where I have to periodically remind my cleaners that I have a back porch because they will clean the house and I don't know if they just don't look at the back porch. It's a screened in porch. And so, especially after my lawn people have been there and, you know, u blown, leaf blown all the dirt back into the porch, you know, I have to tell them, look, you've got to wipe the shelves down. You've got to wipe the furniture down. You've got to wipe things down on the back porch. And they'll do it okay for a while and then, you know, I'll go over there for some reason. And just because I live in the same town as my property, I still consider that I am a remote owner because I rarely go there. And I have people that, you know, I don't clean it. I don't change the linens. I don't do all those things. I have a handyman. I have all the team. So, I'm not at my property as much as you would think. But if I have to go over there for some reason, the first thing I'm doing is checking the porch and I'm going to remind them that they need to do it. It's it's it's like they just don't see it. So, it is that's my issue. Excellent point, Stacy. Any thoughts on deep cleans or a deep clean system? Oh, we typically do it once a year and that's when we have our carpets cleaned and they do a thorough check of, you know, all the kitchen supplies. This needs replacing. It's usually in January. It's in our off season like Florida, we'll do it in January and then here in Texas, you know, after football season and when things kind of slow down, we do it once a year. Carpet cleaning is done by your cleaner or that is third party? No, it's third party. That's just all the things that we'll we'll do our deep cleaning, our carpet, all those things around that time. I would highly recommend you third party your cleaning carpet cleaning. Great job on that. For sure. Wonderful job. I'm not a carpet fan whatsoever. Although I do uh understand that in certain markets it's the norm like the mid, you know, Branson. I don't prefer it, but it's in the bedrooms. Most of one of our houses has wood everywhere, but in a couple of places we just have carpet in the bedrooms. I'm not a fan, but is what it is. Sometimes carpet happens. It just it just can happen sometimes. All right, Frank, I'm going to go to you, but we're going to move on to the next topic, which is similar, and that is linens. Does your cleaner uh your preferred cleaner, I suppose, right now supply linens or do you supply linens, and who cleans them, and where do they get cleaned, Frank? Sure. Uh, it's a great question. We supplied the linens. We It's a three-bedroom, plus there's a couch with a pull out. So, we have it somewhat colorcoordinated, but we have three sets of sheets for each of the of the of the beds, uh, or bedrooms. Um, so that you know there's extra sets in each closet in case a guest needs to change them for any reason, but there's additional sets in, you know, the the cleaner closet, owner closet, whatever you want to call it. There's an extra set there. They do take them off site to clean the sheets. Uh, but we have a swimming pool and hot tub. So, we have like pool towels or whatever, beach towels, those we want them to clean there. We have spares, but we want those to be cleaned there. Uh but if you're cleaning all of it, you know, that's a long day for a cleaner to be waiting for that stuff to dry. So they take uh most of the bedding with them, but we provided it and uh made sure, like I said, there's at least three for each bed. January, same question. How does your linen system work with your current cleaner? And same as Frank, I have three sets of everything for each of my properties and my cleaners. Take them off site and clean them and then they store them for me. Um, I have a snowbird right now who's in town for six weeks. So, I ask my cleaner to just bring back a fresh set of king sheets for the one bed that they're sleeping in so that they can change their own sheets. So, but other than that, they take them off site and she'll let me know, you know, there's a I also have I don't have three backup comforters or bed spreads, but I do have a backup for each bed. And so, um, she will tell me there's a stain on this that we couldn't get out. And she will bring the linens to my house and, um, you know, she's pretty good about paying close attention to what looks good and what doesn't so that I'm not left with some dingy looking thing and, um, so that I can replace it. But there is enough there are enough sets that she doesn't there's no emergency on my part to go run to Target and get something or, you know, send something over that she's got enough that she can do it and she does them off site somewhere. and it's included in the cost. I agree 100%. The main thing with the linens is to have too many of them. Um and and I will also say that I think it's best to just use whatever system your cleaner uses. I don't like to be the odd, you know, the ugly duckling in their u their owners, their owner group. In other words, I don't want to be the one house that they have to do something different than all the other houses. I feel that that they will get annoyed about that over time. I could be completely wrong. Maybe we'll find out about this next week on the the cleaner pod part two, but um I just don't want to be the one that's oh, I got to go to that dude's house and do this annoying thing again, you know, like. So, in general though, I I do prefer slightly to provide the linens as opposed to have them be provided for me by the cleaner. I I want to say something else about that, too. So, when I first started, again, this was 10 years ago, I would have the guests start a load of laundry and um I didn't care if they, you know, they just just start a load of towels or whatever. And it was not a problem for the longest time. And um and then the housekeeper would come in and finish the laundry. Uh and it was it was no issue. And then of course, you know, we moved it was more more much more competition and we moved to I don't have any I don't have my guests do anything now. Um, I I do ask them to take the trash out, but if they don't, it's no big deal, you know, because I'm charging for a cleaning fee and and now that I have this service, that's it's not a thing. But I I 10 years ago, I did ask guests to start laundry. I still do. Um, and you know, I asked them to start a load of towels and put the dirty dishes in the dishwasher so we don't get pests. You know, nobody wants crumbs left out and it's never been uh never been a problem. So that yeah, I stick with that to kind of help my cleaners with time and get things ready to go for the next one. I've never asked them to do laundry, but several guests have just done it, right? They voluntarily do it. I've had some guests stack all the towels folded on the dryer. Um, so they must have started it substantially before, maybe the night before or whatever, and you know, strip the bed. I've had some guests just strip the bed uh and some, you know, really go the extra level, which is funny cuz the cleaners will tell me not only some of those guests that did the extra step, those are also the ones that left the gratuitity. So, they're paying them, you know, like they might leave them 20 or, you know, something dollars in addition to doing part of their job, which is really nice. And the cleaners really appreciate that. But obviously, we have no control over uh the guests showing that level of gratitude. I just stayed in an Airbnb in Savannah and uh the the rule the checkout rule said, "Please do not start the laundry because we have a laundry service and it makes it more difficult if the cleaners are hauling wet towels somewhere." And I thought that was interesting because the laundry was across the courtyard. It wasn't like just right there. I didn't even know there was a laundry, you know, a washer and dryer on site. But um but that is a problem if if somebody's starting the laundry and you can't, you know, you can't help it if they do. They if they do, they do. That's great. But yeah, I agree. I I don't like my when my guests start the laundry, although I have nothing to do with it. But uh I do feel that there's some room for error there. In other words, maybe it's in that washing machine so long it it stinks now and it's still wet and the whole thing. And maybe they use their own detergent and it's not going to smell right. Or maybe they use I don't even know if they use detergent. So I would prefer everything to be done my way. Matter of fact, I think that if it were to come up and be brought to my attention, I would, you know, ask that the cleaner go take it and re-wash it anyway because it needs to be, you know, a standard procedure for for um what soaps, etc. Go ahead, January. I also don't ask them to strip the bed because people will hide things. Somebody peed in the bed, somebody threw up, somebody ate food and got it all. No, I don't ask them to strip the bed because they'll strip the bed and then I mean, if they if they're trying to hide it, they're going to do that anyway. But when I when I was asking them to strip the bed, it didn't go as well sometimes. And now that I don't ask them to do that, I feel like, you know, there's less that people can hide. January is total pro. A total pro. If you're in the overnight rental business, spring break land. So, you know, if you're in the overnight rental business, whether it's hotels or anything. The bed, you know, it's it's disgusting. And there's ladies on this call, but there's going to be things on there that people don't want to see. So, uh, we learned very early on, please leave the sheets on the bed because Lord knows what's going to go on underneath there. Even if it's a brand new mattress, you know, it's just it's too risky. Um, now if you do, if you are aware of nastiness on your mattress or your uh mattress protector, etc. Let's go ahead and replace that, folks. Okay? We're not going to leave some nasty mattress protector, but uh what I'm I think what everybody on this call is talking about right now is the unknowns. You know, what if there was a situation where the cleaner has not discovered it yet, you know, that kind of a thing. Katie, same question. What do you What do you have for a linen system? Uh, right now the cleaners provide the linens. I've done both. Uh, and I really don't like providing my own linen because I feel like in the events that I've had to let the cleaner go, I end up having to buy a ton of replacement linen. And I also find that a lot of the linen that's at my house is not my linen. And, you know, it gets mixed up. So, I would prefer that the cleaner provides it. Very interesting. Stacy, same question. We've used both. We had a cleaner that required us to use a linen service. So, she would send a bag with each of our cleaners that had a sheet set for each bed, the uh paper towels. It was basically a bag to just get the place uh set up. But now, we the cleaner that we have now, we provide all the linens. I kind of prefer it that way, but I have noticed whenever I'm I'm in there restocking the closet or whatever, I'm like, "These linens don't belong here." So, I don't know if she's getting them mixed up with another obviously I mean they're getting mixed up with another property. So, that's kind of that's kind of annoying, but providing them Yes, you will show up uh and have some other people's sheets on your bed at some point. And I I do have a little bit of a system there. I just make sure I have the same color for all kings, same color for all queens, and it's usually a fairly random color. Now we're getting into the whole white versus uh not white sheets and towels, which I don't think we want to have that conversation today. Uh Erica is shaking her head. No, please no. I agree. I don't want to have that conversation. But um I will use like a maybe a Hunter green or something random in a cabin. Uh so that when they pull them out of the dryer or when the laundry service is getting it out of the dryer, they know that those sheets belong to me. It's hard to tell a king from a queen when they're all baldled up in a dryer. So that's the reason we went with the different colors, too. Yeah. Yeah. And it just it's a complete waste of time. And I also like to try try to find the sheets that have the tag that say, you know, this is the bottom. Yep. I know when I'm making sheets, which happens never, but uh you know, it's it's a real pain in the rear end if you get it on there. They're crooked. Um Avery, you mentioned client earlier. What is that? What is a client and how do I become one? You're muted. Had to mute myself when you said Hunter Green Sheets. A client is a short-term shop real estate client. So, if you are interested in buying a short-term rental with us at the shop, we've got 20 different markets for you to choose from, which is basically covers any budget level from, you know, markets you can get in for under 250,000 to markets if you want to spend 5 million right out of the gate, you can do that. Beach markets, mountain markets, other types of markets, none of the above. Uh, and you get to go to Management Monday with Luke for free if you buy with one of our agents. And all of our agents are the experts in the short-term rental markets in their area. So, why would you use anybody else? Very good point. Very good point. Um, all right. Cool. Uh, let's move on to the calendar system. Something tells me, Frank, you're probably a systems kind of a guy. What are you using for a calendar system? Um, and did your cleaner already have a calendar system or did you have to bring one in? So, great question. I planned on using a calendar system, you know, that would integrate with them. Both of the cleaners we've had so far, uh, just wanted me to send them the information. So, it started off sending, you know, it's one property, so it's still manageable. It wouldn't scale, but like texting a list of, you know, here's the next five cleanings or whatever. Uh, but now I just do an export. Uh, we use hospitalitable. Um, and so we'll do an export of the calendar from that and and send that over um monthly and then just add in if there's a last minute booking or whatever, add that in. But neither of the two cleaners wanted uh you know to integrate and use like the IAL export or anything like that where where they get that on their phone. I uh I have a three-part system. So we do have them on our management software which of course you can't really expect them to do that because if they have other other hosts they're working with they're probably using multiple management softwares and that's kind of a pain in the rear. But usually my cleaners will have their own turno or their own resort clean where I can just shoot them my eye. We're living in an age now where all this stuff is pretty easy. It used to be a pain in the rear end, but your management software will have an iical that you could shoot to your cleaner and hell, they could even put it in their their Gmail or or any kind of an iical situation they have. But then we also for a third step, they're just like a another backup plan. We do the text messages on the management software where it says, "Please clean this property today. It's a turn at this property today." And it shoots them an actual text message. I'm using Hospitable for that, but I believe most management softwares uh should do the same thing. Uh Katie, you have your own system or was it your cleaner system or both? I always do what my cleaners prefer. Right now we use Turno and Resort Cleaning. I don't want to deviate from I feel like anytime we deviate from their standard, then that's where things get missed. 100%. That was the perfect answer. Anybody listening to this, that was the answer, Erica? Yeah, Turno. Everything's on Turno because I have three different cleaners. So, it's just so perfect that everything shoots out and I don't have to worry about it. January. Turno changed my life. Oh, turno. Everybody loves Turno. I used to um do, you know, like a spreadsheet kind of a thing. Like I said, I'm old school back in the day before we had all the technology. But basically, between March and and September, I would live in fear that I was going to miss something. And I have missed something where I forgot to communicate or whatever. And so, um, it was actually my cleaner that said to me, you know, you should just use Turno. And I was like, I feel like an idiot. I work for the short-term shop. I know about Turno. And so I connected it and it's been awesome ever since. So yeah, Turno uh and Stacy. Yep. Turno for us too, except for one of our cleaners. She's still a little old school, so I have to text her dates. Oh yeah, that'll be a deal breaker for me. I'll be honest with you. I think I It's what works for her and she's great. So I'll I'll do whatever I can to keep her. Okay. All right, Stacy doing doing the thing. Love it. Okay, cool. Well, let's move on to now uh craziest cleaner stories. Um and this will be a lot of fun. And again, we love our cleaners, so be careful. We're not throwing anybody under the bus here, but we've all had some some stories. And uh let's uh Avery, do you want to start with that? You have ever had a crazy cleaner story? I mean, nothing too crazy, just general learning how to do business story. So, our first cleaner, as you know, but everybody else doesn't. Um, she was had been doing it for a really long time and I was 25 years old, fresh off the turnup truck trying to run our first short-term rental in the Smokies. And she knew this. And from the very first guest we ever had, she called me and lit me up. I don't know how you could let these people rent your house. They've completely disrespected it. I can't believe you would rent to people like this. they just made a huge mess and I'm going to need an extra $50 to clean this up. And I was like, "Oh, oh my gosh, I'm so sorry." Like, "Oh, of course, please don't quit." And then that started happening more often and more often. And then it was almost every clean and I'm like, man, after about I don't know, it was like six or eight months. I'm like, man, I don't I just don't know if this is true. So, at that time, I was driving from Nashville to the Smokies to to show cabins all the time. So, one day I happened to be out there early and we had a turn and I showed up and looked at it. I just wanted to see what it looked like and it was actually pretty spotless. The guy had left a pair of boxers on the floor, but other than that, it was not bad at all. So, I just opened the door, walked around, and left. Didn't tell her I was going. And sure enough, later that day, she called me to say that they just completely disrespected my house, and how could I rent to somebody like that? And why don't I screen my guest better? And I was like, well, I actually went there this morning and it was not a mess. And I did not fire her at that point because I am a conflict avoider. And Luke, it took me a week after catching her doing that to actually fire her. And um it it came down to Luke sending me outside at a restaurant and saying, "Do not come back in this restaurant until you have called her." And fired her. And then we of course could not get our linens back. And I let her know like we're missing this and that. And she left me a voicemail that I think I still have on my phone. That is kind of hilarious telling me um I do not have your linens. I do not want your linens in my bedroom. And what did she say? You've done got my blood pressure up. And it my blood pressure was up too. And that was the first time I ever had to fire anybody. And it still gives me anxiety to think about. And you know that was my fault. It wasn't her fault. That whole thing was my fault for letting her take advantage of me from the get-go. And she's still like I would probably hire her again at this point now that I've been over 10 years in the business. That whole thing was 100% me being a new idiot. But it was definitely a good learning experience to, you know, make sure you're getting that documentation. And we didn't have breezeway and all these things back then. We had to go uphill in the snow both ways. This was in like 2014. But uh anyway, that's that's my crazy story. God bless her. Avery, how long did you have to stay outside the restaurant? Was Luke already on to dessert by that point? No, it took me a good It took me a good 30 minutes of like anxiety and finally calling. There might have been a little like had to take a little fireball shot before we went out. I was going to say 10 years ago, we were probably probably Budweiser and Kino at the time. Yeah. Yeah. It was uh the Motor City Bar in um Bowling Green, Kentucky. Yeah, we were out on the I remember it. I remember it vividly. We were out on the one. This is way before we had kids. So, and and I agree. It's very uh nice to hear you tell that story today because uh you know, that is a big factor in in not knowing what you're doing and and after some experience and going through some cleaners, you know, the things that you think are a big deal, maybe they're not. And the things that you don't think are a big deal might be. But until you've gone through a cleaner or two and uh or at least, you know, several dozen guests or maybe even a few years worth of guests, it's it's hard to know. It's hard to know um what's right and what's wrong. And we do still listen to that voicemail about once a year and have a little chuckle. And I'll also throw one one other thing in there. One of my best friends uh as a matter of fact, bought the very first house Avery ever sold that wasn't sold to me. And he still owns it and he still actually he lives in that house now. It's a cabin in the Smokies and uh he used that same cleaner for like 10 years like until re until I think until he moved into that house and no longer needed her. So, you know, um cleaner that works for you might not work for me and vice versa, you know. So, that's another thing to uh it's a lot of personalities involved here. Katie, any any crazy stories for us? I wouldn't say it's a crazy story, but uh I think the one that uh was the uh hardest one for me to deal with was I had a guest that checked in and they found that there was food left in the refrigerator and pizza boxes left in the oven. And so I, you know, would check the cameras and it was clear that as I had been checking over time that the cleaners were actually cleaning in the middle of the night, which kind of gave me concern. So, I sent an inspector over there. And honestly, I can't even believe that my guests slept at the house uh after they cleaned because there were, you know, stains all over the bedding. There was hair in the bedding. The hot tub was green and had mold in it. And I honestly can't believe I was getting five stars for cleaning. I think that's one uh thing that you uh as an owner need to be aware of that sometimes guests are really kind and generous to the host. Uh, and so I think inspections are very important to have, you know, a different set of eyes to make sure that it's, you know, people are doing what they're say they're doing. 100%. Yes, I agree. Erica, crazy story. Yeah. Um, I had a cleaner um and this was I was there. I had her come. I interviewed her in person, my husband and I, and uh she came dressed in her Marriott uniform, telling me she'd worked for all the high-end hotels as a manager and said all the right things and ticked all the right bells and whistles, and it ended up being just a terrible experience. Um, and this was a new property, so that was really hard for us to deal with. I mean, there was underwear left in the dryer. She left all the wet linens one time in the washer. So when the guest arrived and wanted to do their wash a few days into their trip, they found all this sweat stuff in the washer. A literal shoe, somebody's tennis shoe was in the mattress pad. I don't know how you make a bed and leave a shoe in the mattress pad, but that was a thing. Um, and I mean the list just went on and on. And I kind of was just being way too nice. Um, you know, typical, okay, well tell me your side of story. okay, let's not do this again, you know. And at the same time, I'm also in some cases having to give a refund because it was so bad. And I finally did let her go. And when I did, it was it was just it was a bad experience. She came over when she wasn't supposed to. And um my new cleaner was already there. And so she um went off on my new cleaner, tore everything out of my owner's closet, uh stole a bunch of towels, um stole a bunch of linens, said some very mean things to my new cleaner, and then walked out to the front, and this is a condo resort, so you know, she's being real loud. Now, all my neighbors are out and they're watching this whole thing go down, and I'm new in the neighborhood, so they're wondering now, what the heck? and she had some of my packages still. Um cuz I had shipped some new Christmas stuff down there and she took them all out of the back of her truck and threw them on the road. Um so my my packages were kind of ruined, but if positive, it led me to knocking on all my neighbors doors and apologizing and finding a much better cleaner. So that's how that all came to be. Um full circle. Yeah. So basically you were like, "Can you imagine what I'm having to go through over here? This is so horrible. Do you have anybody that's better than this?" I knew they were feeling bad for me at the moment. So, I knew I was going to get some good information. This one doesn't make any sense to me because if you if you care so much as to throw a fit that somebody else has stepped into your role, why would you leave a shoe in the bed? I mean, it it this sounds to me like a bit of a lunatic here. I hate to say, you know. Yeah. She she ended up being a little crazy and she kind of pulled the the Avery card on me where she was like, "Why would I want your towels? Why would I steal this? Why would I say? I'm like, I don't know. But why why would you leave a shoe in the bed? Like, same thing. Like, I don't know. I can't explain your actions. All I know is I had this many things and now I have this many things and and my new cleaner watched you do it. Oh, can you imagine how much fun we would have if this question was craziest guest story? Anyway, uh now January, you got any crazy stories for us? Yes, it's it's related to cleaning, but one of my cleaners um she had this boyfriend that would come and basically sit in the house and while she cleaned and um I thought that was kind of weird, you know, I'd seen her once or twice and I just thought, well, I'm not going to get into their personal business about that. Like, why isn't he out working and doing something? But um one time she said to me um she said that they were moving to a new apartment and they were going to be between places for a couple of days and she asked me if she could stay at my property for the like weekend or whatever that that they were between houses. And this is where I would caution people not to get involved in people's personal business or don't feel sorry for them or don't you know don't go don't try to be friends and help people out in certain ways. Um because I said sure you can you can stay here for two nights and um she told me where the the mistake she made was in telling me where she was moving to the apartments where she was moving. So anyway, two nights ended up being like three nights or something and it seemed like they weren't going to leave. And I told them, you know, you you you got to get out. I've got people coming. And then the boyfriend, I assume it was the boyfriend, left a big hole in my drywall. Like he punched the drywall and they left the place a mess. And so I took pictures and then I drove over to the apartments where she told me that she was, you know, going to be moving in and I said, "Here's the name of the person who's about to be moving into your apartment and here's how she left my place and she was my cleaner. So I'm just letting you know what kind of tenant you might be getting." And they thank you very much. We'll make a note of that. So I don't know where she went after that, but I had to repair drywall. Dang. Oh my goodness. Yeah. Wow. Um and again, cleaners, if you're listening, we love you. And these stories would be crazier if they were about our guests. I can guarantee you that. So, uh, we love you, uh, Stacy. No, I think these are like one in a million, right? Oh, yes. You You're talking about I mean, how many years worth of added together experience here? We've got 50 60 years worth of experience on this call. So, um, you know, a lot of lot of history. So, uh, Stacy, same question. I got I don't know. I've got a few from our most recent cleaner. She's like, where do I start? I know. I don't even know where to start. Uh, I guess one of the things I was just baffled. So, she said she could only get to We had two properties that needed to get cleaned that day. She said, "I don't have time today. I'm going to have to come tonight and I'll do them through the night. I'll get to one and then I'll get to the other." So, I said, "Okay." So, she shows up. I looked on the camera. She got there about 9:00 p.m. She's got her overnight bag and a pillow and I'm like, "She's staying the night." And sure enough, she didn't leave till probably 3:00 4 that morning. And she never even made it to the other house. But she I think I mentioned this ear. I don't mentioned it to you whenever I talked to you, but I had followed her on social media. There would be selfies of her in our house like what are we doing? Not cleaning, just kind of hanging out. But I could be here all day. I've So in other words, she was selfieing to get dates on Facebook. In other words, like she was using your because your house looks cool or something. Yeah. I mean, it is a neat Yeah, it's kind of a got a neat vibe or whatever. But I don't know. I don't know why. Stacy's Stacy's got some interesting properties. Matter of fact, she's uh currently finishing up uh building a peanut house, which I don't Yeah. Where we where we live produces the most peanuts in the state of Texas. So, we were like, a giant peanut just makes sense. So, yeah. So, she was thinking Yeah. It's cool. She she hired the same people that did the the Idaho potato. But so in other words, she was selfieing in your house because it looks cool and like putting it on Facebook. Yeah. Oh my goodness. I don't know. But the and and honestly, I don't know that I care too much about that. Your house is already all over the internet, you know? So, well, no, it wasn't so much that, but whenever I'm timing you coming and going because the house would never get cleaned right away. It was like, I'm going to come start laundry. I'll come the next day and finish a few more things. Like the house was never cleaned in one time. So I'm like, if you're have the time to sit and take selfies, let's get this house cleaned and ready. Are you in a market where you can afford to not have it done the day of the In other words, is does Love Lick have big gaps between bookings or was this Well, sometimes yes. But there are times whenever we had a same day booking request and it was not ready. Like we missed out on a couple of bookings because it wasn't ready. But yeah, I mean there's a there's a there's laps in our check-ins sometimes. We're not booked solid. And I do want to mention that the sleeping in the house thing because sometimes that comes up uh with cleaners. And I I actually personally I prefer when my cleaners sleep in the in the home during a deep clean. I would like them to do that because they can touch and feel, run the dishwasher all night, you know, uh or leave it on while they're there in case it's like 45 minutes into the cycle and it makes a clanking noise or something, you know. Uh these are things you won't really know unless you sleep there. So I am actually pro uh cleaner sleeping in the home especially, you know, I mean really would only make sense during a deep clean, but obviously what you had going on there was maybe she was uh just sick of her own apartment and wanted a little bit nicer accommodations. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. All right. Frank, you got a crazy story for me? I think so. I guess depends on how you define crazy, but um so we had a couple of the the cleaning company. We had she had two employees um two cleaners and there was a turnover of her employees. So, you know, she started sending a new person and after about three or four cleanings with that person, we got not bad reviews but just guest feedback separate from the review where it would say, "Hey, you know, we found, you know, this and it would be, you know, hair on the floor um you know, in the bathroom or you know, dirt uh at the entryway or whatever minor things that they just wanted to let me know about." And it seemed to have gone downhill a little bit from the previous cleaner. There was a a cracker and a piece of meat like from the uh lunchables uh underneath the couch that hadn't been swept out. A guest had pointed out. All right, hold on. I can see that. I We got kids. I can see that. You know, I mean, we do need to be checking under the couch. But man, with these these kids, those you never know where the Lunchable's going to end up, you know what I mean? There you go. Uh but the last draw was uh it was right after Labor Day, so we had a little bit of a gap as people were kind of leaving town. And so we had a few days off. My wife was going there to resupply everything as you know there was a little bit of a break couple. Frank, you you go to your home often, right? This is uh relatively we're about three and a half hours away. So probably about once a month or so we go there. This is one the intended purpose of this property was personal use. In other words, yeah, we vacation there for sure. Okay. Well, I love that. That's great. Sorry. Go ahead. No, that's okay. Um, so my wife was going there anyways to do some supplies and stuff, but the cleaner had already gone uh for the turnover uh from the previous guest. And my wife got there and she was, you know, in the master bathroom and then entering back into the master bedroom and saw pretty much plain as day. You couldn't have missed it if you had been changing the sheets, which of course they had already done. Uh, but there was a I guess I would call it an adult device uh that was left in the bedroom. Something that you would expect should belong in a bedroom for an adult, but it was left on the floor in pretty plain sight. It could have been missed. It was large. Oh my. Yeah. Right at the foot of the bed next to the nightstand, but not like deep under the bed. Like you didn't have to bend down to see it. It was right there. Oh my. Okay, now hold on. Back up. Who walked in on this situation? So, well, my wife was there and she walked from the master bathroom. She had gone into the master bathroom and then was going back into the master bedroom and just, you know, kind of looking down at the angle underneath the bed. She didn't bend down. She just walked in. It was there plain as day between the bed and the uh nightstand and the home had already been cleaned. It had absolutely been cleaned. Okay. And that was the last cleaning for that was the last cleaning for that cleaner. And and she was genu the owner was genuinely upset that we were terminating her over this. Like she didn't really justify it, but she was angry that we were terminating her. And I'm like, "Well, maybe you should be angry at your cleaner that left it as opposed to being angry with me for going a different direction." Wow. Um, how do you even have this conversation? I mean, like, uh, what was it? What was the phone call like? With my wife or the cleaner? With the with the wife. With the Well, both, I guess. Well, sure. My wife, you know, she sent me an image of it. She took a picture and sent it to me. Oh my. You have a picture? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you might need to text me that on the side. Yeah. Um, well, and we know how large it was because Oh, boy. You could see the tile that it was sitting on. It's the standard 1 ft tiles. And it was about as big as the tile. Oh my goodness. Um, and u, so she sends me the pictures. She's like, "You're not going to believe what was left here after the cleaning." And then I, you know, the the owner, you know, kind of questioned and I said, "Here, how do you, how do you miss this?" It was right there like between the nightstand and and the bed, uh, on the floor and here it is, plain as day. And so she I mean, where do you go with it? Right. And we had to get keys back, right? So we we heard uh Erica's story earlier. We didn't have it. Was there were there issues prior to this situation? In other words, was this the last straw or was this was the last straw? Well, like I was saying, we had, you know, some minor things where guests would point out stuff that was under the bed like the or under the couch like the cracker I'd mentioned. Um, and you know, hair. What about communication? Was she easy to deal with or was it difficult? She had been. There had been a medical emergency at one point where the cleaner had gone to the hospital. So, we had to find um like a backup plan because nobody was responding because they were in the hospital. And so, then our our uh handyman, you know, referred us to a substitute cleaner. That's now our our full-time cleaner, and we're very happy with them. Um but yeah, I even showed the picture to the handyman. He got a he got a laugh out of it. Frank, are you offering are you offering hourly rates at your rental? No, we're not. It is not. It's got a twoight minimum and it's, you know, it's a big, it's a large property. It's an acre inground heated saltwater pool. It's got This is a very nice home. Yeah. It's got a tiki bar outside with a full kitchen, outdoor kitchen. So, it's not a cheap place that you could rent for hourly. Um, but God only knows what, you know, people were doing there that they left this apparatus. Well, and again, apparatus. These things are happening in our homes. I hate to say, but we just don't want we don't we don't want any evidence of the apparat apparati. Uh, you know, right? Take it with you. Take it cleaner finds it cuz things get left behind. I mean, I've left I left a laptop, my work laptop I left, you know, after a road trip. But things people forget things, but the cleaner ought to throw that out. I mean, let's not even talk about it. It just disappear. Erica, go ahead. What was that? Always have your cleaners check the drawers. I mean, we had something similar happen to us and it wasn't an apparatus, but it was a a helpful medication for men and Oh. Oh. Oh, they're going to miss that. Yeah. So, who whoever left that in your house needed the apparatus in Frank's house apparently. Anyway, now just combine and everything would have been fine. Yeah, we've got there was a conversation on Slack a couple years ago with where one of our agents who owns a place found a backpack was left and they opened it and it was just full of all kinds of apparati. Oh, multiple. Yeah. An apparatus salesperson perhaps. colors with derogatory on the end. Let me ask you this, Frank. If if the cleaner was otherwise fantastic, would we have let this slide? I don't know that we would have let this slide. I mean, I honestly don't think this was something. There were minor issues leading up to it and this was the last straw, but honestly, I don't know because it wasn't hidden. You know, had it been in a drawer, had it been behind a dresser, it was understandable. But if you don't even have to bend down to see it coming from the bathroom back into the bedroom, you you practically stepped on it when you were making the, you know, making the bed. I don't understand how it was like. The last draw for me would have been the the no backup plan for the medical emergency. And I understand medical emergencies 100%. But it sounded to me like that was a little more stressful than it needed to be for getting the damn house clean. We just need to get the damn house cleaned here, folks. Let's go, you know, right? Um and again, if you're that could if somebody cut that up and put it on TikTok, we'd all be in big trouble right now. But uh uh you know, you got to have a backup plan of your own, you know, or let me know you don't have a backup plan so I can have one ready if and when this does happen. There needs to be some communication going on here, you know. Always got to have safety nets. Yes. Thank goodness your wife found it. Yeah. Can you imagine? Well, with kids find it. Our cleaner didn't find that one and the guests found it in the drawer. Oh no. Oh my goodness. And it was a funny conversation because they were there on their honeymoon. So she sent a message to me and asked if I like deliberately left it there as like a honeymoon gift for them. Oh my goodness. Or she's thinking, "Oh man, what am I in for for the rest of my life anyway?" It was just an awkward conversation. I'm like, "I'm so sorry. I would No, that's not a welcome gift, you know. Throw that away. Throw it away." Yeah. All right. So, the moral of the story is make sure that we are uh checking for things that have been left behind. Yes. The guest didn't ask for it back, though. That was not something that they reached out and said, "We left this and can you mail it to us?" Could you imagine? Oh my goodness. All right. Well, on that note, I'm going to say farewell in front of my bride and uh uh and thank you all for coming. We we appreciate you. And stay tuned. Next week will be cleaner pod part two where we discuss things with the cleaners. It's going to be very exciting. Don't miss it. Short-term rental management, we love you. Don't overthink it. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @libragirl7171 [1 likes]: Always a good time with Luke Carl and friends!!
  2. @mdindestin: Great show.  My wife and I are crushing it, but there is always room for improvement.  Interesting perspectives.  

I would say the biggest problem for owners is linens.  New owners buy super high thread count sheets, luxury towels, etc.  Then, they're aghast when the cleaner just takes them with her to wash them and introduces them into the rotation with all the rest of their client's units.  

The owners are so mad they could spit on the ground and an adversarial relationship starts from the very beginning and they think short term rentals suck.  

It helps to understand the cleaner's perspective on this issue, don't judge them and don't take it personal.  Have the conversation with your cleaner up front, but they don't because new owners don't know what they don't know.
  3. @denissewullschleger7803: turno  is the worst! It takes a huge percentage of each cleaning and also takes days to pay to the cleaner / none cleaner is happy working through turno ! Absolutely no!

- Starting a $120K/Month Cleaning Business From Scratch: Kind: captions Language: en-US - Want to know how you too can start a cleaning business and scale it to $120,000 a month in a little over five years? The owner of Queen Bee cleaning services, who started from home, achieved just that with a startup cost of $5,000. (upbeat music) In this episode, we are talking to Chris about how he managed to scale from zero employees to 25 in such a short time. Chris started out as an immigrant working different jobs until him and his wife started this home cleaning business in 2015 with a total sales of $3.2 million. Chris was called to the annual maid services summit as a guest speaker. - [Chris] The cool thing about this platform is that these customers are ready to buy. I use a lot of text marketing instead of using email marketing. - [Paul] What would be the secret you would say to be successful, to be most profitable. - [Chris] You will see the sales within two months and you'll thank me later. It's been one of my keys to fast growth. - [Paul] In this episode, we're going to talk to Chris about the mistakes he made in the business. One small mistake also that led to a hefty fine and how he used marketing to make things work in his business and how you guys can start your own cleaning business and not make the same mistakes. What are you doing that's working on Craigslist? - [Chris] A job like this it bring about 400 to 500. I think it's the best time to start a cleaning business. Not everyone is doing that. It's definitely something that every business should implement. I promise you guys, if you work your database, it's a gold mine there. This is the key to grow your business to the next level. - Make sure you subscribe to our channel. Like this video, hit that bell. You don't miss any videos and let's go talk to Chris about their incredible growth story in this business. Hey Chris. - [Chris] Hey. - [Paul] I'm Paul, good to meet you. - [Chris] Good to meet you. How are you doing? - [Paul] Good let's dive into it. - [Chris] All right, sounds good. - All right, you guys, we're not going to slow Chris down. He's got a busy day ahead of him. So we're going to ask questions and work at the same time, Chris, let's dive into your story about Queen Bee cleaning services and how you ended up starting it. Then we can, we can work. - [Chris] Yeah, yeah definitely. So it's a pretty fun story. You know, I was selling cars at the time, you know, making good money. My wife was the one who started the idea. She's like, we should start a cleaning company. I just didn't see myself doing it. I said, no, but I'm glad that she convinced me because I decided to observe the website and just taking the cost myself and three months in, you know, she was making more money than I was. And at that time I decided to quit my job and go full in. - Is it a good time to start a cleaning business or not? - I think it's the best time You know, after a pandemic, it seems like everybody wants their home clean. You know, to give you an idea of how much of the demand is last year, our monthly revenue was 60,000. Now we're like 120 a month. So it was like double. And sometimes we turn jobs away. So you can start a job tomorrow and I'm promise you, you will have your first customer within days. - I bet. And we'll talk about the expenses, the startup costs, everything you guys need to know to be successful. All right, Chris, let's talk about your startup costs and break down the 5,000, how you invested that. - For sure. So the original investment was $5,000. So it was $4,000 for a Honda Accord. I remember it was a black Accord, 2003. I remember it very well, a professional vacuum, that was 500 bucks, about another $300 in supplies and the rest was just flyers and business cards. - [Paul] That's it? - [Chris] Yeah. - [Paul] So the car costs the most? - [Chris] Yeah, I think so. Yeah, yeah. - [Paul] So you don't have a car, you can get in this business for a thousand bucks? - [Chris] Well, you know, you can start using your, at the time, you know, I had a big truck. it was not a good idea to use a big truck driving around, you know, the gas. - [Paul] Yeah, makes sense. - [Chris] That's why I decided to buy a small car, but yeah, you can start with a small thousand dollar car. It doesn't matter. I mean, you are going to make money very soon and then you're going to upgrade your vehicles. - Nice and what I was saying for those that do have a car. - [Chris] Right. Oh yeah, they can start. They don't need to. They can start with a thousand dollars for sure. - Let's talk about how your customers today find you, what platforms are successful for you? What are you guys spending? And anything else you can share on that? - Yeah, for sure. You know, so we only use three channels for marketing. - [Paul] Okay. - [Chris] So our main one is Google Ads, specifically Google local leads. It's very important for home services. It's a new platform that Google came up with and you get charged by call. But the cool thing about this platform The second platform, it will be Facebook. And the third one will be Yelp. - [Paul] Yelp, okay. - [Chris] So we're spending about $4,000 in Google Ads, about 700, 750 in Yelp, and a thousand in Facebook. - [Paul] Got it, what's bringing in most is it Google? - [Chris] Google for sure, yes. - [Paul] Well, don't say much cause we got that hack coming up. - [Chris] Oh yes, for sure. I have a hack for you guys, you're gonna love it. Everybody who has a home service business, this is the key to grow your business to the next level. - [Paul] It sounds like we're going to go to your storage area or whatever you would want to call it. Tell us a little bit more what we're going to see there, how important it is maybe to get a storage unit instead of having everything at home and what can you share? - So we're actually going to be dropping off all this dirty laundry over there. - [Chris] We're going to be picking up new laundry. This is, I'm going to show you the setup I have for my Airbnb customers. What do I do? What do we do for them? and (indistinct) You know, it's going to be pretty exciting. - [Chris] So watch. - [Paul] Well, let's go, let's hop in our cars. How are you guys? I'm excited. We've done a couple of these interviews with cleaning businesses. It's always interesting to see how people do differently and what we can learn. So let's hop in and go. (car door shuts) All right, everybody, this place is actually familiar. We've done an interview here. So check out that video as well. Hey Chris, give us a tour. With what's inside, Airbnb and everything else. - [Chris] For sure. Let me show you, (door creaks and rolls) this is storage we use. So this is the laundry carts. You know, we have like a laundromat that is very close. They come and get it. They come and drop it off in bags. And then I have one of my employees actually make those packages. So all these packages, what they have, it's a pre-made packages for the Airbnb customers. So, - [Paul] Gotcha. - [Chris] They have towels, linens, pillowcases, duvets, everything. We have supplies for the kitchen. So for example, we have dishwasher detergent, - [Paul] This is what you use to then clean the dishwasher. - Well, essentially you replenish the Airbnbs with all this. - [Chris] So this is for the guests essentially. So we provide like a white glove service for the host. They don't need to do anything. We take care of the cleaning, their laundry, then to supply. - Chris curious, what sets Queen Bee apart from your competitors, what do you do different, more unique that sets you apart? So there's actually two things. I will say the first thing it's having exceptional customer service. If you have a good customer service, you will see the difference in within days. So my customer service answers the phone from seven in the morning, all the way to 11:00 PM, seven days a week. - [Paul] Wow, 11 PM. - [Chris] So yes, there's people that get off from work late. And when, you know, when they tried to call a company, who are they going to call, right? The guys who's actually answering the phone. So definitely that sets me apart, seven days a week, seven to 11. And the other one it's, I have an online booking system. So you can go to my website. And if you don't want to talk to anyone, you can just go enter your information, how big your home is. It will throw you the price and you can book right there and then. - [Paul] Not everyone's doing that I understand. - [Chris] Not everyone is doing that. that every business should implement, online booking. - What about your monthly overhead though? Now that you're at 22 to 25 employees, what is the overhead monthly? Just to cover costs and what's the most expensive thing every month. - [Chris] So our most expensive thing is the labor. It really is. It's it comes down to, you know, we had to pay good wages. Otherwise we don't keep good people. Our expense on labor's about 60% - [Paul] 60 a month? - [Chris] Mm-hm. - [Chris] And then I will say supplies. That's another 10% and marketing operations, another, you know, 10%. So you end up with ideally 20% on the lowest 15% net. Okay, so your profit margins are in that 20 to 15%. - [Chris] 20 to 15%, correct. For example, if you want to you to run Facebook ads, if you send the people from Facebook to your website, most likely they will not convert because you have too much information in your website. - I see. - What you want to do is get click funnels, create a funnel which has only one action. And it's used to generate your quotes. So what I do, I just create a funnel. People click on my ad, goes to click funnels. They enter information. And within five minutes they get the quote. - That's awesome. You guys click funnels actually happens to be our sponsor today. And if you are a business and you want to grow your customer base a hundred people, maybe the next hundred days, click funnels is the place to go. It's not only for brick and mortar, by the way, they're giving away 96 hours of free brick and mortar training for you guys. But even if you're not a brick and mortar business, there's a ton of tools out there that will help build your business. So check it out. The details are going to be in the description below. So thank you for that. You guys, we're about to take you to the actual Airbnb house that Chris and his team are going to be cleaning. So follow with us. We're onto the next steps. Anything else you want to add? - [Chris] No that's it you just follow us. (Car door slams) - Okay you guys, we're here at this gorgeous building that is currently an Airbnb house. Your crew's here Chris, why don't you take us inside and kind of explain what they're doing and anything else you want to share with us? - [Chris] Absolutely. Come on over. - [Paul] Come on. So how many people usually for this size of a house would be working here? - [Chris] We sent about three people per unit. Cause usually we deal with big units like this. You know, it was like three, four bedroom with two, three bathrooms. So we usually spend about three to four hours in each home because we literally had to deep clean it top to bottom to make it guest ready again. So we changed the laundry supplies, you know, all the supplies for the, for the bathrooms and also the kitchen supplies. So we take time to do it because we want the customers to get five star reviews. - [Paul] So what would a customer pay for this kind of job, we will run about 400 to 500 per turnover, but that's included everything. That's laundry supplies and cleaning. - [Paul] And what would you then I guess, profit or net profit after everything. - [Chris] You end up with about 20% of that. So it would be $80 per job. And we do about 18 jobs of this. - Chris, can you share any top resources for small business owners out there that really helped you as well? - Yeah for sure. You know, I wish I would have learned about this website. It's called score.org. It's a hub where you can find anything from how to create your business plan, how to create your marketing plan and how to run your numbers. So it definitely, it's free. Most of the content is free and it's a great resource that I still use to learn more about my business. - Okay that's awesome. You guys should check that out, but most importantly as well, check out upflip.com/blog it's very similar to what he's talking about. It's all free there for you guys. How to write a business plan, how to operate this, this, that. We're there to make you successful. Let's discuss the services you offer. I'm really curious about how you come up with the different packages. What are most profitable or more popular than others? - [Paul] Can you break that down for us? - [Chris] Yeah for sure. So we offer three different types of service, which is home service, that's for homeowners. We do move out and move ins and we do Airbnb cleanings. You know, our bread and butter will be the recurring revenue. So meaning the people who pay to clean their home every two weeks or three or four weeks, that's you know where the money is because essentially you start doing those jobs in a lesser time. So you start optimizing the time. So you make more money. Move outs, they're profitable, but sometimes they're trash and it takes longer than it should. So you kind of have to balance that. And Airbnb, Airbnb is a, is a really good business when you know how to do it right. - So for those watching right now who want to get into this cleaning business, what would be two, three pieces of advice to them? - Well the first thing it's definitely start investing in paid ads, even though we grow fast, I think I spent maybe a year and a half, almost two years doing free ads. You know, meaning Craigslist ads, flyers, posting on Facebook groups. It works, it really works. But if you really, really want to grow your business to the next level, you need to start looking into paid advertising. Google came up with this new platform, which I mentioned earlier, Google Local Leads that is specifically for home service business. They charge you per call. If they don't buy the service, you can challenge the, the lead. I tried it for like a month, I said, let's try it again. I was blown away, you know, I remember that was on August of 2018. Uh-huh, by September, I was now strongly finding people because now I had found like the best source of business. So now I had a problem of finding employees, which is a good problem to have. - How seasonal is it? Are you consistent throughout the year? And if you do have slow seasons, Chris, what do you do to shift during that slow period to still continue to be profitable and make it? - Yeah, so we do have a slow season, which is, you know, the winter time, the winter months. So December, January, February are usually slow. So what I do to help, you know, during those times. I use a lot of text marketing. It's been three years since I discovered, instead of using email marketing, text marketing. People responds to texts. So what I do, I offer, you know, crazy deals. So, you know, get $50 off today, you know, and I send that text to, you know, 1500 people, at least 10% will reply to you. - [Chris] And say yes, - [Chris] I want the service. So what I'm trying to do during those times is just keep my employees busy. So they make money. And you know, I take a little bit of a hit on discount, my prices, but at the same time I'm taking care of my employees. So when the good season comes around, you know, they're really there for me. - [Paul] What are you doing that's working on Craigslist. - [Chris] So - [Paul] Specifically technical stuff. - [Chris] Well I disclosed my prices right there on the price, on the ad. - [Paul] That's different from others? - [Chris] Yes, everybody, if you go to Craigslist, you can see other people say, Hey, we clean houses. We do this. We do that. If go and see my ads, it will say the prices are this. And it starts from this. What that does. It filters everyone, who's not, you know, ready to pay for my prices and whoever calls they read through the prices so most likely to buy from me. - [Paul] Nice. That's a good trip you guys. But what platform are you using and how are you getting that list? So 1500 people. - Well, it's very important. This is another tip guys that it's phenomenal. And many people don't do that. It's you have to have a CRM, meaning a customer relationship manager software, where you keep all your customers and all your leads that have contacted you throughout the year. It doesn't matter if they didn't become your customers. You still keep that information because when you have these slow months use this when you do the text marketing or email marketing in any case, right? But text marketing is the way to go guys at 90% open rate. That's what I've seen on my - [Paul] 90% wow. - [Chris] So it's pretty good. - [Paul] What platform are you using for CRM? And then is it different for text to send out that text or is it all through the CRM? - [Chris] All through the CRM. So I use a software it's called highlevel, pretty simple platform. All I do is download the list of customers. And I segment it, for example, I have the existing customers who don't need my services. I mean, they, they already use my services, right. I segment the ones that canceled or the ones who contacted me or that were just leads. And then I send a text blast to all of them. And I promise you guys, if you work your database, it's a gold mine there, you know, there are still a lot of people who don't know that. but if you shake the tree, like, I like to say, you shake that tree. You'll get some fruit every time. - How do you come up with how much to charge? I mean, you talked about knowing your numbers earlier on what are the tips and tricks and really figuring out the sweet spot? - Yeah, definitely. So this is what I did, and I think everybody should do that. I mean, I didn't know anything about charging. I actually, I remember the very first job it was a move out, my wife hated me for it. I think we charged $90 and she literally spent like 12 hours with another lady. And, and so there, I was like, okay, I need to, I need to find out what is the market paying? So what I did, I call companies in my area and I said, Hey, how much will you charge me for a three bedroom, two bathroom? And I got some quotes then from there, I kind of said, okay, well, like I'm not at that level yet because I don't have that reputation, but now I know I'm really under bidding and I should charge more. So I would say, you know, call a few companies in your area and you know, you get different quotes that way you see how much are charging and that will give you a good number. We've interviewed other companies as well. Reviews are very important. - [Chris] They are. - [Paul] Right? - [Chris] It is there. - [Paul] How do you get them? And how do you deal with negative ones? Talk to us about the process, first of all, getting reviews. - Well, you know, this is, this is something key. I started doing it last two years when I, you know, I hire more people to help me on the administration side of it. So what we do, you know, we call the customer the following day just to make sure that he was happy with the service any problems? And then at that point, we kindly ask in a subtle way, if he can give us some feedback, whether this is good or bad, you know, it helps us to improve our company. How do you deal with bad reviews? Very, very, very good question, you know, sometimes there's people, you cannot make happy, no matter what you do, you can bend over backwards. And at that point, the best thing you can do just to respond professionally and ask him if there's something else you can do for them. - [Paul] So you respond to each comment? - [Chris] Each comment. - [Paul] Online. - [Chris] It's very important. You know, people see that. It's been one of my keys to being such a fast growth because we have a good reputation online and we try to protect it. - [Paul] Now you guys, we ask, if you guys want us to ask way more specific questions, we do that on our podcast. We interview great people like Chris, other business owners, we give you the golden nuggets about anything and everything you need for your business and to be successful. So check it out upflip.com/podcast. How is Airbnb cleaning different from household, commercial offices, et cetera? So we used to charge very little for it and get a lot of pressure from it. And essentially we try to not take those customers, but I figured what can I do to solve their problem? And at the same time position myself as the guy to go to. So I start actually asking those customers, what is something that you need? So to make your life easier? And they're like, oh if I can get someone to inspect my unit, someone to do the laundry. Someone to do the supply, I crunched my numbers. And then instead of offering just cleaning, I offer to them, which is like a co-hosting. So most of my customers, they live in either China, Europe. I got a lot of people, you know, on the East Coast. And so literally it's a hands off system for them. You know, we take care of everything from welcoming, the host, you know, doing the laundry supplies and any problems in between the stays. - What would be the average cost? I mean, let's say I have a 1000 square foot, two bedroom, two bath Villa on the ocean or something like, how do you, how do you figure out the price? Where are the margins on Airbnb cleaning versus house cleaning? - That's a good question. So if you offer everything, like I said, not just cleaning. If you offer only cleaning, the margins are very small. So when you make the most money is when you charge a percentage of the management fee. So for example, we charge in between 10 to 20% of the gross of the unit that generates. - [Paul] I see. - [Chris] And then we take care of everything. - Today, how many employees do you have? What do you pay them and how do you retain them to stay with you and? - Yes, yes. Good question. So as of now we have 22 cleaners. They all range from $19 per hour. You know, the people who doesn't drive. - [Chris] The drivers get 20 to 22. If they're driving my car it's $20. If they drive their car is 24. So, you know, it really works out well, sometimes they want to use their car and they make a little bit extra money. That's fine with me so. - Do you offer any incentives? Any creative ways of, you know. - [Chris] Yes. This is something very important. You know, last few years, I didn't have what is called, like while I was not paying attention in what, in creating a company culture. Now, you know, it's very important to keep your employees, you know, feel appreciated. So what I've been doing, you know, since pre COVID, you know, take them to picnics, you know, carne asadas of course, every Saturday, you know, we take them to a bowling game every three months or so. And you know, we celebrate the birthdays every time I have a software that tells me, okay, this cleaner's birthday is tomorrow. We get them a cake. We celebrate real quick in the morning. And we all got to go. And that my friends is being the key for me to keep the employees longer. - [Paul] All right, let's dive into blitz questions. If you could go back to the pre pandemic world, what's one thing you would do in advance? - [Chris] Hire more people. - [Paul] What is one fact that changed your perspective on life forever? - [Chris] Oh God, that's a good question. Let's skip that one. What is your favorite business book? - [Chris] The the 10X Rule? - [Paul] 10X Rule, okay. Now at the stage of success, what advice would you give to your teenage self? - [Chris] I would definitely, never stop learning. Look for mentors. Definitely look for mentors and look for mentors. They already went through it. Yeah and they can teach you everything. What's one thing you can't start your mornings without, except coffee. - [Chris] Meditation. - [Paul] Meditation. Okay. Now this is our fan questions. Thanks you guys for submitting these questions. This is from Ah this is good. He or she she's asking. What's the next target goal? - [Chris] Next year, we'll be looking at trying to get 1.75 million in sales, total sales. - [Paul] Just one year. - [Paul] Wow. - [Chris] Definitely. - [Paul] The same, same user Ah this is good. What are the top three lessons learned after the first full year in business? - [Chris] Learning your numbers, learn how to delegate and start investing in marketing. - [Chris] This is from Atrus. If you had to start a new business in a different field, what would it be and why? - [Chris] I would say carpet cleaning. It's, there's a huge demand from them, Actually we're implemented that business next year. - [Paul] Okay, awesome. This is from Millay Marine. I think if I'm reading it right. Favorite non-business book. - [Chris] Think and grow rich. - [Paul] Think and grow rich, okay. And this is from Area A how did the pandemic affect your business? - [Chris] Will it did at first, you know, we really, almost lost more than half of our customers between the months of March to June. - [Chris] But then after that, it really changed. Everything wants their home clean, disinfected. So it affected us at first, but now it's actually, you know, such a surge in business. - Alright Chris, curious about the most single important skill or experience that you need or should have, or can have, that'll help you in this business? What can you tell us on that? - For sure? You know, this is a very common problem. I've seen with other business owners and it's very important. It's knowing your numbers. - [Paul] Knowing your numbers. - [Chris] Knowing your numbers. You know, when I started, I just knew that the company was making money. I was working with subcontractors and, you know, I got a letter from the Labor and Industries department and they fined me with $12,000 for misclassifying the cleaners. - [Paul] Ouch. - [Chris] So essentially, I guess there's a way that you can hire some contractors, but it's very edgy. So they're always kind of watching you, you know, for making a mistake and then you end up with big fines. So if I would've known that, you know, knowing the rules and regulations, and then on top of that, knowing my numbers, I wouldn't probably got in that situation. You know, an advice I will give to everyone. Definitely if you don't have money for a CPA, when you starting, well at least get an accountant or bookkeeper, you know, and then have them teach you everything you need to know, what taxes you need to pay, what dates are due. And if you take care of that at the beginning, you will save so much trouble in the end. You know, I didn't pay attention to that at the beginning. And then end up biting me in the butt, you know, at the end of the first year. - [Paul] That's great advice. - [Paul] What's your preference? Like you as a business owner, what do you want to see more of coming into the business? What type of service and why? - [Chris] Yeah, definitely. Well, you know, it's been interesting. I think I mentioned it earlier at first, the Airbnb customers were hard to deal with. I didn't really want to be part of it, but now that I got the hang of it, I think I have a system that works for us. I will rather stay on the Airbnb side of business, you know, it's pretty, they're pretty popular nowadays. I see more and more coming up every day. And if I want to focus on one, it will be on the Airbnb side - [Paul] Are the profits obviously a little higher? - [Chris] A little higher, yes. They are a little higher than the other ones. And for the most part, you know, if you do a good job, they get good reviews, then you get even bonus and what not. So it works out very well. - [Paul] In terms of running a business from home, Chris, what are the pros and cons? Cause you've been kind of utilizing the house for the last five years. Have you thought about commercial space versus where you're at now? - [Chris] I have, yes. You know, it's funny that you ask. When we started the operation, you know, I really didn't think it was going to grow to, you know, to this size. So I wanted to keep everything in house, keep the overhead, you know, low. Now we're making a million dollars in sales a year, but essentially we, now we're in a stage that we need to look for a commercial property. - [Paul] So you're looking for one, okay. - [Chris] Now the thing is that I kind of want to wait a little bit because you know, there's a lot of retail spaces empty right now. I kind of want to wait for the right opportunity, you know, the right cost. So we can essentially move all of our operations to that area. - [Paul] So what would be the pro I guess, of transitioning into one space for you as a business owner? - [Chris] One of the things I guess is the most important is to separate the business from the home and it works up until a certain point, but now, you know, in the mornings it gets hectic, you know, have 25 people in the mornings, you know, just talking and you know, you don't want to, you know, you know, bug your neighbors. - [Paul] Right. - [Chris] So I think it's a good idea just to go to a place and just have everything ready, you know, from there, you know, all the operations. - [Paul] Curious about what your day looks like. - [Paul] At this point. And how is it different from before? I mean, how many hours of work do you put in a week? - [Chris] So I would say I work about even between four and six hours a day. Yeah it's not bad, you know, sometimes I really don't have to go out. Today's one of those days because it's the end of the month. Usually at the end of the month a lot of people move out. So usually you get busy towards the next towards the end of the month. And the first two weeks, I literally worked three hours, four hours a day. Yeah it's pretty good. It's pretty good. It's balanced life work. I think right now, you know, I have found a balance between my work and my family, so I'm very grateful. - [Paul] That's awesome. - [Paul] So Chris, since your income on the Airbnb side of things is dependent on the income of the landlord, right? How do you have that transparency and know what they're earning so that you can take your 10 to 20%? - [Chris] For sure, so whenever I involve someone, I, you know, they have to tell me the unit and then I use a software called AIRDNA. - [Paul] AIRDNA? - [Chris] So it tells you how much they are, you know, the house their renting from in that area, the nightly rates. So that gives me a rough idea of how I'm looking to make. And then the number two thing is to have an agreement in place. - [Paul] You have an agreement? - [Chris] Yeah, we'll have an agreement it's three months minimum. You know, if you don't like it, you can, you know, stop our services. But we really believe that if you stay with us for three months, you will see the results and then you see your income increase as well. - [Paul] So if I want to pursue Airbnb, what would be the secret you would say if any, to be successful? To be most profitable? I actually do have a really good secret, but make sure to comment below because I'll be answering those secrets directly. - [Paul] All right you guys heard it from Chris. Comment below to get the answer. So you guys, this is the tip hack that we talked earlier in the video. - [Chris] Definitely yes. At first I was trying to do wear many hats, you know, making the phone calls, talking to customers, charging customers, responding to customers, and it gets you, it's overwhelming, it's too many things. So what I ended up doing is I looked for hiring people overseas so I can maximize my profits. I was very lucky to hire a lady that her name is Sheena. She's from the Philippines. Lovely. She's very smart. You know, I hired her as a customer service representative, and then within two months she learned the ropes super fast, six months in, after she's, she's working for me, the sales were like a 30% increase. - [Chris] And then here's the thing though. I, you know, I pay $5 an hour and there's like a super well competitive rates for them. You know and as of now I actually have five customer service representatives working from seven in the morning to 11:00 PM and really having a fantastic customer service, responsive customer service, be someone that's always responding to any web chat, text. It's key. - [Paul] And they're answering from Philippines? - [Chris] That's right, you know, we use systems called RingCentral. - [Paul] RingCentral, okay. - [Chris] You know, we bought some, some extensions. So each of the users have extension. If a call comes in and one of the person is already in a call, it directs to the next person and so on. - [Paul] So the tip trick is delegate, - [Chris] Delegate. - [Paul] Overseas if. - [Chris] Yes I think every business owner. Not just cleaning. Every business owner, small business owner or big business owners can, you know, take advantage of the global economy. You know, there's people who are very well-prepared that can do a good job. Most jobs can be done online nowadays anyway. So, you know why not delegate one of your most important ones, which is customer service and make it the beefiest customer service in your town. You know, we answer seven days a week from seven 11. You will see the sales within two months - So you were invited as a guest speaker for the Maid Service Summit. Tell us how that happened. And what is the value for you as a business owner to be at these conferences speaking or attending, et cetera? - [Chris] For sure, yeah. I was invited this year by the Maid Summit. It's an event that happens every year where maid service business owners or experts get together. They share their tips and ideas. This year actually, I chose how to, you know, in my talk, I actually taught people how to hire your customer service VA the first time. And it's totally free. So if you guys go to customerserviceva.com you'll find the guide, you know, enter your information and download it and I'll send it to you. It's a step-by-step process that works for any service business owner. And it will tell you where to find these people, - [Chris] How to hire the right one, how to pay them, and how to train them. - [Paul] Awesome. - [Paul] Well, Chris, this has been amazing. What an incredible story of a startup cost at five grand and now you're, you know, in the millions with the goal in mind. it's been great. - [Chris] Thank you so much for inviting me and guys, thank you so much for watching this video. - [Paul] Thank you. Well, that's a wrap of Queen Bee cleaning services. I hope you guys really enjoyed it. What an incredible story by Chris. This is the land of opportunities. He started out as an immigrant, worked multiple small jobs, but now he's got some high goals to reach millions of dollars in revenue. We do this for you guys. Please subscribe to our channel, hit that like button and the bell. So that you don't miss any of our amazing content. We do this for you, thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @UpFlip [124 likes]: Learn step-by-step how to start your own cleaning business with Chris: https://links.upflip.com/the-7-figure-cleaning-business-blueprint-yt
  2. @ScWowkandy [11 likes]: I started & immediately got 2 customers one house & one commercial & made $850 in 3 days 👀 😮
  3. @DUSTFREELUXURY [5 likes]: I JUST STARTED DUST FREE LUXURY LLC IN JACKSONVILLE BEACHES FLORIDA!! WITH $0 BECAUSE WE ARE STARTING LIFE OVER WHOO HOO!! :glasses-purple-yellow-diamond::hand-orange-covering-eyes:WISH ME LUCK YOUTUBE FAMILY :hands-yellow-heart-red::volcano-green-lava-orange::octopus-red-waving:
  4. @angelicasglowbar [2 likes]: I just started my cleaning business Jan 1 of this year starting in residential and knew before I opened I wanted to scale this business. This video has helped me with information so many other cleaning videos haven't to scale up on a completely different level. So when I'm ready to grow I feel I have a higher success rate when I'm ready to do this THANK YOU!!!!
  5. @patrickslouck7172 [1 likes]: Love this guy
  6. @jayfranciscomunoz7765 [1 likes]: :face-red-smiling-live:
  7. @gerardodanes9750: This video is a very well-made piece of advertising designed to look real.
  8. @YRSCLEANING: Young Revitalizing Services, what is the key to successfully cleaning an Airbnb property?
  9. @KDuB9I6: Yeah it's so weird because you can't 1099 workers in CA for house cleaning.
  10. @BusinessMov3s: Alot of people who are starting out cant afford a CRM.. there has to be an app for the basic math on the app store 😂 for cleaner and to see profits
  11. @solobhai786: secrets
  12. @jessicac8090: Okay but why does chris have more charisma and interact better with the camera than the actual host (also please hire an editor the transitions between segments are very awkward)
  13. @kama2074: I do this for a living. But I think I can do it better than my current boss/owner. Plus I live in Hawaii
  14. @thomasszary7481: 500 dolor job and he only profits 80 dolors? Did I hear that right?
  15. @DerekBaddie-d1p9g: What’s the secret?
  16. @Exftrade2025: "Starting a $120K/Month Cleaning Business From Scratch"

Never happened.
  17. @EasiestFunctioningHomeEver: Commenting below😂
  18. @vanessadornelus7768: What is the secret?
  19. @mandla7330: What's the secret?
  20. @ricardom.alejos2280: What’s the secret for the airbnb

- Why Airbnb Hosts Choose CleanServices Jacksonville | 5-Star STR Cleaning for Every Stay: Kind: captions Language: en We are Clean Services Jacksonville, your local team that takes short-term rental cleaning to the next level. Unlike ordinary cleaning companies, we don't just tidy up after guests, we reset your property for a five-star experience. In addition to standard cleaning tasks, we go further. Beds aren't just made, they're sanitized with fabric safe disinfectant at every turnover and dressed with freshly cleaned bedding every single time. We even check under the bed to make sure nothing is left behind. In the kitchen, dishes are washed by hand for guaranteed spot-free results. We sanitize furniture with fabric safe solutions and make sure fans, vents, and air returns are completely dustfree. Trash isn't just removed, it's taken to the curb, so your property is truly guest ready from top to bottom. And if something needs a small repair, our in-house handle for light maintenance, inspections, and non-licensed repairs, providing recommendations, so you only have to call the right vendor for the job. Our service technicians receive both online and on the job training to ensure each turnover is completed to the standards you'd expect with a five-star rated short-term rental cleaning company. From detailed cleaning to reliable upkeep, we make property management effortless. Clean Services Jacksonville, where every stay starts spotless and ends with five-star satisfaction. Contact us today. Thank you for watching. >> [music]

- The Best Industrial Cleaning Services Dayton Ohio-Strength H2O Industrial Solutions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] blue you

- How to Motivate Housekeeping Teams & Reduce Cleaner Callbacks: Kind: captions Language: en sure well I think the theme that we've got going so far this morning is treating our housekeeping service Partners fairly and making sure that we talked about compensation we talked about you know the the easing of the operational model um one thing that we do is that we have a 15minute rule uh where our quality assurance inspectors we have a team of quality assurance inspectors who ideally go in between the uh completion of the clean and the arrival of the guest and uh as those quality insurance inspectors go in if they find uh deficiencies in the housekeeping that they can correct in less than 15 minutes than they are outfitted with their own cleaning kit and uh they are tasked with going ahead and completing uh whatever uh touchup needs to happen in order for the uh property to be guessed ready if the deficiencies they find are going to um have a time period of uh greater than 15 minutes to complete then that's when they would issue a call back task in Breezeway to bring the um the housekeeping service partner to send their cleaner back to to to correct those deficiencies themselves one thing that we've done recently uh we found that uh speaking of treating folks fairly um you know we've had a few storms and that sort of thing here along the gulf front a lot of our properties most of our properties are being beach front most of them have the balconies with the large sliding glass doors after a storm comes through a lot of times it comes in from the south we wind up with a lot of salt and a lot of sand on those sliding glass doors and we were finding that we were know having to call the housekeeping service Partners back to correct that um if the property had been sitting for a little while and of course In fairness we were paying them to do that because we didn't expect them to come back and do storm clean up for free so uh We've outfitted our quality assurance uh spectors now with squeegees which I'm sure they're delighted about um but so that they can take a rack put the water you know get it on the sliding glass door and use that squeegee to correct that themselves takes a couple minutes you know to do that saves us from having to bring the service Park back and then also having to pay them you know to do that so it's a win-win for both sides I love that I love that and yeah just the whole the whole concept of if we respect the work that they're doing we often times will see uh that same level of respect the housekeepers will show on the other side and that 15minute rule is fantastic instead of instead of hey I found one hair you need to return to the property having having folks actually coming in to to to do work and to help move the needle in the property unless there is such a need for that call back that's fantastic um we've got some questions and for those that are asking if you use the Q&A section um we will we will work to answer those questions at even even live during this and we'll make sure to answer if not after the panel um as we go but the Q&A section is the best place for that Logan you got a hot tip let's do it oh yeah absolutely well part of um I think being respectful to the cleaners is giving them all the information that they need to know ahead of time so one of the things that we do with our cleaning company is if we know that the guest is checking in with a pet we give the cleaners a heads up um oftentimes when when C when guests have a pet you know it's going to take them longer to do the cleaning right um especially if you don't do laundry offsite you know a lot of times we have hosts that let that the guests let the pets sleep in the bed right which is which is super common and unfortunately if you're doing laundry on site that takes a long time to get pet hair out of sheets um so giving the giving the cleaners enough information about that clean maybe how many guests were there how long did they stay did they have a pet um did they have kids right like all of these things let the cleaner know or give them a good idea of how long that clean is going to take if it's going to take them longer than usual they need to be aware of that because maybe they have two or three cleans that day they can adjust their schedule accordingly so always give your cleaners as much information as they need to know um and really arm them with information so they can go in and clean do that clean uh to the best of their ability I think that's so helpful as well when you think about the difference between a stay that's been maybe two months versus two days you know if the cleaner is armed with that information that is huge for them to know and that knowledge is definitely power for sure AB talk a little bit about callbacks potentially even percentage tracking and such oh absolutely uh you know that is one thing that we do especially during the uh during the busier months uh you know during Snowbird season you know the the is fairly stagnant so there's not a lot going on to really track but once we get into spring break in the summer season absolutely uh we track the number of callbacks and the severity of the callbacks um on a per clean basis uh with the housekeeping service Partners uh their inventories their portfolios are varying sizes so um we we have to do that on a scale basis the number of cleans for it to be fair um but U and we try to keep those you know below a certain number most everybody right now stays uh in single digits percentage wise less than 10% call backs uh for the cleans that they do and you know if it's a call back for you know a very minor thing then then we don't even count it you know it we do look at the call backs as far as the severity of it uh as to whether or not it's even going to count and then you know we provide that feedback to the housekeepers U as a or the housekeeping service Partners as a um as a general rule on a on a monthly basis during the busier seasons and and they appreciate that you know it's good uh feedback for them to let them know how their cleaners are doing and um and then they can follow back up with their cleaners and you know and we can you a lot of times they'll come back and they'll ask us you know which particular properties are we talking about here and then we can talk about that with them a little more in detail and because a lot of times they have particular cleaning crews assigned to particular properties and so they can track that themselves um and so it just kind of feeds on Down the Line because you know we have to keep in mind that everybody wants to do a good job you know we we have to give everybody the benefit of the doubt um our housekeeping service Partners their cleaners um they all want to provide a great service to us and we want to provide great service to our guests and so providing that feedback for them just is a good opportunity for them to evaluate their own operation and improvements in that way love it and yeah a lot of us are are kind of developing that report card of sorts and and I like what you said Brad about making sure that that's percentage based right you don't want to have the the team that's maybe a smaller team because they had one call back have that be or you know it's percentage is the key if a larger team has more call actual they might be doing a lot more homes and so uh that's that's a good way to look at up on the percentage

- CLEAN YOUR ROOM - Powerful Life Advice | Jordan Peterson: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] so imagine you're dealing with someone who's hoarding now people who are hoarding are often older or neurologically damaged or they have obsessive-compulsive disorder but then you walk into their house and there's like 10,000 things in their house there's maybe a hundred boxes and you open up a box and in the box there's some pens and some old passports and some checks and their collection of silver dollars and some hypodermic needles and some dust and you know a dead mouse and there's boxes and boxes and boxes like that in the house it's absolute chaos in there absolute chaos not ordered chaos and then you think is that their house is that their being is that their mind and the answer is there's no difference there's no difference so you know I could say well if you want to organize your psyche you could start by organizing your room if that would be easier because maybe you're a more concrete person and you need something concrete to do so you go clean up under your bed and you make your bed and you organize the papers on your desk and you think well just exactly what are you organizing are you organizing the objective world or are you organizing your field of being like your field of total experience and young believe that and I think there's a Buddhist doctrine that's sort of nested in there that at the highest level of psychological integration there's no difference between you and what you experience now you think well if I can't control everything I experience but that's no objection because you can't control yourself anyway so the mere fact that you can't extend control over everything you experience is no argument against the idea that you should still treat that as an extension of yourself well let's say you have a long-standing feud with your brother well is that a psychological problem is that him is it a problem in the objective world or is is it a problem in your field of being and it's very useful to think that way because you might ask what could you do to improve yourself well let's step one step backwards the first question might be why should you even bother improving yourself and I think the answer to that is something like so you don't suffer anymore stupidly than you have to and maybe so others don't have to either it's something that you know like there's a real injunction at the bottom of it it's not some casual self-help doctrine it's that if you don't organize yourself properly you'll pay for it and in a big way and so will the people around you and you could say well I don't care about that but that's actually not true you actually do care about that because if you're in pain you will care about it and so you do care about it even if it's just that negative way it's very rare that you can find someone who's in excruciating pain who would ever say well it would be no better if I was out of this sort of pain is one of those things that brings the idea that it would be better if it didn't exist along with it it's incontrovertible so you get your act together so that there isn't any more stupid pain around you than necessary well so then the question might be well how would you go about getting your act together and the answer to that and this is a phenomenological idea too it's something like look around for something that bothers you and see if you can fix it you can do this in a room it's quite fun to do it just when you're sitting in a room like a room maybe your bedroom you can sit there and just sort of meditate on it think okay if I wanted to spend 10 minutes making this room better what would I have to do and you have to ask yourself that right it's not a command it's like our genuine question and things will pop out in the room that you know you'd like there's a stack of papers over there that's kind of bugging you and you know that may be a little order there would be a good thing and you know you haven't there's some rubbish behind your computer monitor that you haven't attended to for like six months and the room would be slightly better if it was a little less dusty and the cables weren't all tangled up the same way and if you allow yourself just to consider the expanse in which you exist at that moment there'll be all sorts of things that'll pop out in it that you could just fix and you know I might say well if you were coming to see me for psychotherapy this easiest thing for us to do first would just be to get you to organize your room you think well is that psychotherapy and the answer is well it depends on how you conceive the limits of your being and I would say start where you can start you know if something announces itself to you which is a strange way of thinking about it as in need of repair that you could repair then hey fix it you fix a hundred things like that your life will be a lot different now I often tell people to fix the things you repeat every day because people tend to think of those as trivial right you get out you brush your teeth you have your breakfast you know you have your routines that you go through every day well those probably constitute 50% of your life and people think well they're monday and I don't need to pay attention to them it's like no no that's exactly wrong the things you do every day those are the most important things you do hands-down all you have to do is do the arithmetic you figured out right away so a hundred adjustments to your broader domain of being and there's a lot less rubbish around and a lot fewer traps for you to step into and so once you've got your mind and your emotions together and once you're acting that out then you can extend what you're willing to consider yourself and start fixing up the things that are part of your broader extent it's very interesting thing to do I like the idea of the room because you can do that at the drop of a hat you know we go back to where you live and sit down and think okay I'm gonna make this place better for half an hour what should I do you have to ask and things will just pop up like mad and it's partly because your mind is a very strange thing as soon as you give it a name a genuine name it'll reconfigure the world in keeping with that aim that's actually how you see to begin with and so if you set it a task especially if you have to be genuine about it which is why you have to bring your thoughts and emotions together and then you have to get them in your body so you're acting consistently you have to be genuine about the aim but once you aim the world will reconfigure itself around that aim which is very strange and it's technically true you know the best example of that you have all seen this video where you watch the basketballs being tossed back and forth between members of the white team versus the Black team and well you're doing that a gorilla walks up into the middle of the video and you don't see it it's like you know if you thought about that experiment for about five years that would be about the right amount of time to spend thinking about it because what it shows you is that you see what you aim at and that man if you can get one thing through your head and as a consequence of even being in university that would be a good one you see what you aim at and so because one inference you might draw from that is be careful what you aim at right what you aim at determines the way the world manifests itself to you and so if the world is manifesting itself in a very negative way one thing to ask is are you aiming at the right thing now you know I'm not trying to reduce everybody's problems to an improper aim people get cut off at the knees for all sorts of reasons you know they get sick they have accidents there's a random element to being nuts for sure and so you don't want to take anything even that particular phrase too far you want to bind it with the fact that random things do happen to people but it's still a great thing to ask

  Top Comments:
  1. @WordToTheWise [1700 likes]: Hey everyone - let me know if you like this video format (with the captions) or not.  Thought I'd try something different.  Hope you have a great day!
  2. @SleydWilliams [2 likes]: I actually love cleaning, I'm just depressed..
  3. @oreoma_ch [1 likes]: はい！部屋を掃除します！
基礎ですね！いやぁ。その通りですよ。武士道に通づる。
  4. @veronicaneumann329 [1 likes]: A clean room is your safe place,when everything around you seems chaotic.
  5. @edrisemarisaturner: EXCELLENT: NOT YOUR HOUSE it is your life....your field of being....POP out that you could just fix...easiest thing organize....limits of your being...START WHERE YOU CAN START....
it announces itself to you....consistence...world re configure itself around it....are you AIMING at the right thing.....
  6. @Verdivena: In my case i feel overwhelmed .
  7. @Jemis_Bond: Destroyed my old life 2 weeks ago quit my addictions. Started going to the gym and church. This is the last link to my old life time to get it done.
  8. @jakelinjae3672: I have always cleaned my house , my car . Right now I’m not at my best mentally for the first time  and guess what.. my house is messy dirty everything everywhere. It does reflect how you feel inside . I enjoyed cleaning and now I look at all the mess I don’t even know where to start . Never understood when this would happen to people now I do
  9. @SarahBannister-j5s: U can’t get everywhere clean in world as cleaner hun !!! And I’m sorry to say … but w your passed Cv… we won’t be employing you as our cleaner 😂
  10. @SarahBannister-j5s: Clean ur minds first … before breaking into anyone’s home to understand cleanliness hun x
  11. @christinefuckingrule: Using big words of place of common ones doesn’t make this corny basic speech of an enlongated  metaphor contain any more substance than what it actually does .
  12. @YLS8763: 3:12 

This is the best advice for me personally because it frames the idea welcomingly rather than like a command. It seems like less of a commitment and more of a fun experiment. Next thing you know, you’ve experimented with cleaning your entire space.
  13. @Sushila..: Here comes the parrot.
  14. @NonConformist-l3v: This video was cluttered by a lot of unnecessary loud noise.
  15. @thatGLAMlife86: This is such a great video!
  16. @katharineanonymous6992: ❤
  17. @palwashaazamkhan6562: Sir Peterson 🤲🤲🤲Your Words Really Touched My Heart & Soul 🙌🙌🙌May Lord The Almighty Always Bless You Ameen Sum Ameen
  18. @lógico41720: love that, He is the master.
  19. @NuancedEnglish: 1:15 at the highest level of psychological integration there is no difference between you and what you experience
  20. @RachelDawn-z9r: Wise, inspiring message. Thank you kindly for sharing with me. Bless you and yours 🧁🌈 much love and unity for all

- 17 Everyday Habits For A Clean Home - Tips For Keeping Home Clean: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys today i want to share with you my top 17 tips and habits for keeping a home clean and tidy at all times these tips and habits has helped me maintain a clean and tidy home on daily basis cleaning can be overwhelming and off-putting so incorporate these habits and tips in your life and your house will always be clean and tidy before we get into the tips to clean house i want to draw your attention to the fact that whether to clean or not to clean it's all in your head we often think more about cleaning than actually getting up and doing it so stop thinking about cleaning rather get up and do it one of my all favorite cleaning tips which a lot of you guys are now following is active mode on and off it is a mindset that sets you up on an active mode i am in my active mode few hours in the morning and girls bring it on any work and i will do it in afternoons i am in my rest mode and in evenings i am again in my active mode it's kind of a switch that i turn on and off and turn from being very active to being a lazy bum try it out it really works and now let's dive right into our habits for a clean home shelby tip number one clean as you go the basic idea behind clean as you go is that instead of waiting for the house to get really dirty and then having to spend a lot of time cleaning it you just clean a little bit at a time here are some of the ways i apply it when i cook if something has to simmer for few minutes i utilize that time and clean up my cooking area as i wait in between stirring the food so when i'm done cooking there's not a big mess at all i will rinse utensils in the sink and start loading the dishwasher and do such small tasks all i am trying to say is no idle time when cooking if i see a mess as i walk through the house i'll usually put a few things away never walk out of a room empty empty-handed picking up your house should be an autopilot mode habit it literally takes just a minute to put few items and no more mess when i'm done brushing my teeth in the morning i wipe the bathroom sink and counter to keep it clean having my water vinegar bathroom cleaner nearby makes it way easier when i'm done eating i usually wash all the pending dishes instead of leaving them in the sink i'll also put away any food that's left over in the fridge wash cooking dishes like pressure cooker knife cutting boards and wipe up the counters you get the idea right none of these takes more than a minute or three but by doing it as i go it takes very little effort and i never really have a messy house overall this is an easy system that works really well for me tip number two don't leave a room empty-handed this is one of my top tricks to stay organized never leaving a room empty handed i've gotten into the habit of always taking a look around before leaving a space in anticipation of putting something away in the space that i'm going into is there a toy that needs to be returned to kids room a coffee cup to the kitchen i'll take it long it saves me time in the long run because you aren't living it all to clean up at one time later on you are on top of it decluttering or tidying up your home should be a constant process and not once or twice a week process tip number three don't put it down put it away it honestly takes 20 extra seconds or less to put something away in the right place the first time then dump it on the first free surface you find then to move it when you need that space and then have to move it again and again until you finally put it away it really only takes few extra steps to put something away for the first time you use it think of the mantra don't put it down put it away every time you're about to put something down randomly in the kitchen is it dirty put it in the dishwasher is it clean or new put it in the cupboard refrigerator or back in the pantry tip number four break down your task do you want to feel like you've got a ton of stuff done at end of the day the key to achieving this is to work off a daily to-do list and make sure the tasks you put on your list are tasty tasks a tasty task is a task that is so well written that you almost can't resist doing it one key feature of any tasty task is that the task will take you no longer than one hour to complete another example is to clean and decorate so break down those big daunting tasks into smaller chunks while making it tasty few examples would be start a lot of laundry in the morning dry in the afternoon and fold and keep it away in your organized wardrobe in the evening another example would be breaking down cooking chore into grocery list meal plan weekly meal prep and cooking will never be a chore rather a breeze another one that is my favorite is that i break down all of my youtube work i shoot on one day script and voice over on another and edit on day number three this way i always feel fun and energetic to create new content for you guys and i'm always creative not stressing out to meet the deadline tip number five have a place for everything and have everything in its place life works better when you know where your things are it's very frustrating having to hunt for something you know that you have but can't find and conversely very satisfying when your home runs like a well oiled machine and you can find everything you want when you need it clutter is caused by a failure to return things to where they belong therefore storage should reduce the effort needed to put things away not the effort needed to get them out so take the pain to organize once organize your kitchen your pantry wardrobes organize your house make a place for everything and if something does not have a place please donate when you get home each day take five minutes to put things back in their places if you carry your laptop put it back at your desk if you carried a book with you place it back on its shelf if you are wearing a jewelry return it to its home the same thing goes for your makeup shoes your keys even your handbag make it a part of your i just got home ritual tip number six to have good cleaning products and gadgets invest in tools that make cleaning easier and quicker a stick vacuum is way better than using a broom that sweeps dust from one place to another if you're a gadget freak invest in a robot vacuum it doesn't do a perfect job i would say but it makes house cleaning a whole lot easier and frees up your time also the attachments with the vacuum helps you easily clean sofa or fly screen which otherwise could be a very tough job one of my favorite products is toilet blocks it eliminates the need to clean the toilet bowls on daily basis as a bonus your toilet never builds up that ugly brown ring and smells good always have less cleaning products use multi-purpose spray rather than having one for bathroom one for kitchen one for glass etc less is more also it prevents you from being exposed to various harmful chemicals on daily basis if possible go green mix lemon and water in a bottle and wipe kitchen counters use water and vinegar to clean bathroom surfaces and so on baking soda and vinegar works best for cooktops to clean chimney block drains etc tip number seven create a cleaning routine the key to managing household duties quickly and efficiently is to design an easy to follow routine that includes all the most important tasks i have a morning and evening cleaning routine morning routine includes 30 minutes regular cleaning daily and 30 minutes deep cleaning few times a week having deep cleaning as part of your cleaning routine eliminate the need to wait for diwali to deep clean evening routine includes kitchen cleanup post dinner prep i don't wait to eat dinner to clean up my kitchen as i would get lazy i do it prior and quick 15 minutes to pick up the house my house is never perfect guys it's never perfectly tidy or clean at all times but certainly under control morning and evening rituals help us pay more attention to our kitchens and how we feel and work in them tip number eight don't sit down before all tasks are done in short don't crash on the couch once dinner is cooked don't crash clean as you go as much as you can and whatever cleaning is left do it before you crash on your couch once you crash i bet 99.9 you will feel lazy to get up and clean and you will certainly procrastinate it for tomorrow leaving you a stressful and messy morning so resist that urge to crash rather force clean up then relax tip number nine donate then accumulate keep a donation box the more things you possess the more cluttered your house will get possessions not only clutter your physical space but steals your mental energy too so take time to clean and organize keep stuff that you will really use and sparks joy in you as mary kondo says donate the stuff that do not spark joy there is more joy in owning less than can be found in owning more and it is far better to donate than accumulate tip number 10 keeping floors clean we all know how quickly dirt dust and grime builds up prevention is better than cure use doormats at entrance take your shoes off and ask guests to do likewise too immediately wipe up any spills especially on porous surfaces like marble other than that sadly you've simply got to clean girl so invest in a good vacuum that will suck all the dirt and dust off the floor rather than sweeping or brooming that kind of stirred from one place to the another also having a spinner mop is great as its microfiber mop head is idle for all flows and no bending required though our indian way of mopping is great workout it takes much longer to mop compared to a spin mop mopping the flow every day is a good practice as it adds a lot of positivity and freshness to the room instead of adding disinfectant to the water simply add some sea salt and then do the mopping this will take away much of the negative energy and will raise the vibrations of the room salt is very effective way to get rid of pollution inside your home add one spoon salt to a bucket of water at least twice a week salt has been used since ages by our grandmothers to remove evil eye by others so give it a try tip number eleven clean up spillages immediately this is no brainer clean up spillages immediately rather than getting it dry as dry stains need more time and effort and energy to clean than fresh spills especially if you have kids around this is a very handy tip kids make mess and spill while eating so attend to it then and there and not put it for later as it will take away longer to clean then i know i know we cannot always attend to spillages immediately especially if there are few drops here and there in that case spray a disinfectant using spray bottle five minutes before mopping and mopping the floors would be so easy as the spillages would be moist again tip number 12 use squeegee water vinegar spray to keep bathroom mold away tired of bathroom mold try this mix half water and half vinegar into a spray bottle and once you are done showering simply spray this mixture and leave bathroom open for an hour to ventilate you can even squeegee to take off excess water of glass and the walls vinegar will prevent any further mold formation however it will not magically remove the mould that is already sitting there but after shower try this spray vinegar water mixture and take a toothbrush and thoroughly scrub it once your bathroom is free from mold spraying diluted vinegar will prevent mold from reoccurring tip number 13 keep counters clear clutter starts at the counter top which is why clutter free kitchens you'll notice always have clean and clear counters resist the urge to use the countertop as a drop of place for males keys magazines dirty dishes and all of life's miscellaneous to keep bathroom counters free you can use neutral shells like this keeping bathroom and kitchen counters clean makes cleaning much faster and you're most likely to do it on daily basis tip number 14 have a laundry routine you need to create a schedule that works specifically for you and your needs so that you stay on top of your clothes and laundry never has a chance to pile up whatever suits you every other day or once a week or every day have a laundry routine start washing machine in the morning dry clothes in the afternoon and put away in the evening few hacks that helped me in my laundry routine i use hangers for clothes that can go straight to the wardrobe post drying fold clothes straight off the rack and do not tuck them away in a laundry basket to be attended to later on as later never comes and clothes keep moving from one room to the another tip number 15 done is better than perfect you don't have to steam mop your flow every night when a quick vacuum and spot clean will do the job to make the bed in the morning time yourself to one minute to make your bed putting off cleaning and tidying your home because you think you don't have time to do it perfectly leave you living in constant chaos so follow the mantra done is better than perfect so don't aim for perfection rather aim to tick off the item of your to-do list as it is way more satisfying than to have it perfectly clean i have a daily five-minute bathroom cleaning routine where i quickly take out the towels flow mats etc from the bathroom next i spray and wipe the toilet with the toilet paper and flush it i clean the sink after i brush my teeth in the morning so it's already clean and i spray vinegar solution and squeegee post shower i also clean floors just by pouring some water and squeezing and wiping it with a rag cloth so having a quick routine and also breaking down tasks help me stay on top of my bathroom routine tip number 16 get kids involved my kids are toddlers at this stage but still they help me empty the dishwasher when i fold laundry they put it away in their wardrobe they put away their toys in their room it's amazing how much load is taken off your shoulders when everyone shares in the housekeeping requirements tip number 17 contain food eaten by children to the kitchen and dining room only this is one of our house rules no eating in drawing room or sofa or bedrooms rather only on the kitchen island and dining table if mess is limited to certain areas then you do not have to clean up food crumbs from everywhere else in the house which becomes out of control once kids grow up as they don't listen so there were my top 17 tips and simple habits to have a clean and tidy home i promise if you implement these in your day-to-day life then you will be on way to a zen state of mind and not living in clutter and stressing your mind my life is clean tidy and under control and so could be yours i hope you enjoyed this video and found these tips helpful and useful if you are new here please make sure to hit on subscribe button and hit on bell notification and i shall see you in the next one bye for now

- How To Start A Cleaning Business: The Simplest Step-By-Step Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hi i'm bethany jean and i've been cleaning professionally for over 20 years owning my own cleaning business for every single one of them and in this video i'm going to guide you through the process of starting your own profitable cleaning business in just eight simple steps owning your own cleaning business while extremely rewarding can seem overwhelming to start but if you watch this video and if you're willing to work hard then i know you can earn a fantastic income love going to work and be proud to call yourself a professional cleaner and this video will give you the confidence you need to get started today before we dive into the steps i just wanted to quickly answer the four most common questions people ask me about the cleaning industry number one can you make good money cleaning absolutely yes i started cleaning to support myself through college but after i got my degree and graduated i learned that i could make way more money cleaning than i could with my degree and i'm still cleaning today for that reason and this will be true for you whether you want to build a big cleaning business with employees or keep it a one-person show it is very possible for one person cleaning businesses to make six figures a year even working part-time and businesses that scale with lots of employees can do millions in annual gross sales number two will people respect you if you're just a cleaner again absolutely yes there are plenty of incredible clients that will value and appreciate you and this has proved true for me time and time again number three does it cost a lot of money to get started no you don't need fancy equipment requiring a business loan or expensive marketing just get some affordable tools and products get to work and start making money and number four there are a lot of cleaners out there already so can you be successful even if there's a lot of competition in your area without hesitation i say yes this is an industry with a huge demand which creates incredible opportunities especially for new cleaners like you as we go through these steps be sure to drop any other questions in the comments below this brings us to step number one write down your goals and the dates you want to achieve them by some might simply refer to this as your business plan for example do you want to create a full-time income or is this just a side hustle do you want to work alone or have a few employees or create the biggest cleaning business in your area do you know yet if you want to specialize in residential commercial vacation rental or construction cleaning how much money are you looking to earn each week month and year what hours do you want to work the reason writing these things down is so important is because these goals will shape your future decisions limit the amount of time you waste and reduce the mistakes you make along the way but if you don't know the exact direction you want to go yet that's okay don't let that stop you from starting just start with the goals you do know and see where it takes you but write these things down so you can work towards them starting today and if you already know at least one of the goals you have be sure to put that down in the comments below so i can cheer you on step two is to pick your business name this does not have to be complicated because at the end of the day your success in this industry is not about your business name it's about your professional nature and whether you know how to actually clean if your goal is to grow and sell your business then you shouldn't use your personal name but many cleaners do use their personal name and it serves them just fine especially if they are focused on residential or have no desire to ever sell their business just make sure your business name very clearly states what it is that you do if it's just cleaning then abc cleaning if you also do home organization than abc cleaning and home organization you get the idea step three register your business once you have your name figured out then go see if that name is available where to look depends on where you live for example in the united states it's generally by state but you need to register your business name before you invest in things like business cards there's nothing worse than getting far into your business setup and only then realizing that your name is already taken part of this process is also choosing your business structure again using the united states as an example you could choose a variety of tax structures but the two most common for new cleaners are sole proprietorships and a single member llc the advantage of llcs are they offer some protection against your personal assets without over complicating your taxes in the united states you might also need an employer identification number or ein which you can apply for online i can't get too specific here since depending on where you live the process can vary quite a bit but don't get overwhelmed google is your friend and if in doubt just hire an accountant there are a lot of good and affordable accountants out there to set this all up for you one of the reasons i love this industry is because there's very little overhead meaning the expenses to run a cleaning business are incredibly low but a good accountant is one of the things that i recommend investing in unless you're comfortable doing your own taxes personally i'd rather pay someone else to do that and use my time to go make more money so again register your business as soon as you have the name figured out step four with your business name locked in now it's time to think about your marketing materials but don't get carried away the only thing i recommend getting when you're just starting out is business cards don't worry about a website or setting up social media or fancy flyers or branded clothing start with a high quality business card to this day i don't have a website for my day to day cleaning business because i just don't need one i talk about this more in my online course but i do invest in high quality business cards because they can help you make an excellent first impression everyone i hand my card to compliments me on them which helps me stand out there are a lot of providers online and i've used a few of them but they're all about equal in quality and in service just invest in the nicer and thicker cards as opposed to the cheapest option now is also a good time to set up a new email address to print on that business card and record a professional voicemail message keep your email address professional like abccleaning gmail.com not bethanylovescats gmail.com and in your voicemail make sure that there aren't any screaming kids or barking dogs in the background keep it calm simple and professional one other thing cleaners often include in their business cards is whether they are licensed and insured which brings us to step five but before that if you're finding value in this video please hit that like button as it really helps out my channel so step five do you need to be licensed bonded and insured and do you need any other cleaning certifications let's take these one at a time and start with licensing in certain industries a license is needed to show that you're legally permitted to conduct business in your city municipality or state but it varies by location and profession for example where i live home builders are required to have a business license to perform their work but handymen are not and as a cleaning professional i'm not required to have one either so it really comes down to this what is required where you will operate your business if you don't know you can easily find the answers online or here's another reason you might consider hiring an accountant as they will absolutely know the answer let's move on to being bonded and in short bonds are a way of reassuring your client that you will stand behind your promises and if you don't they will be protected but you likely only need to be bonded if you work for certain types of clients such as government entities and even then they may not require it on the other hand insurance is required if you're going to build your business the right way specifically you need general liability insurance this protects you as well as your clients and the good news is that it usually isn't that expensive at the time of making this video i only pay around fifty dollars a month for a two million dollar policy you can get free quotes from a variety of providers or even find a local agent to compare rates for you which i recommend since like so many other things the requirements vary depending on where you live and a pro tip i have found that it pays off to buy insurance from well-known companies like hartford or liberty mutual here in the us they really aren't much more expensive than smaller companies but they make you look way more professional and make the client feel better protected workers compensation is another type of insurance that you could need but it's not usually required when you're just starting out unless a client is requesting it and don't start paying for your insurance until you actually need it just get your quotes lined up and then purchase it when you start going on interviews it should only take about 24 hours to get your coverage activated once they've built out a quote for you and lastly what about cleaning certifications these might be needed for certain types of advanced cleaning like mold remediation but for general cleaning like scrubbing toilets and dusting bookshelves they are not usually required if you google cleaning certificate or cleaning certifications you will find all kinds of online courses that promise completion certificates but that doesn't mean that they are a requirement in this business it goes back to what i said earlier your success depends on your professional nature and whether you know how to actually clean not on whether you took bethany jean's cleaning course step six is to set up your bank accounts and invoicing every bank requires different documentation so ask before you go in but since you've already registered your business you should have all the paperwork you'll need i have my insurance premiums deducted from my business bank account so this step goes hand in hand with purchasing your insurance once you have your bank account number you can figure out how you'll invoice for your cleaning services there are lots of apps and websites like square up and quickbooks and some are even completely free for invoicing and income tracking purposes the only time you might have to pay fees is if you want to let a client pay with a credit card which can actually save you a lot of time if you're okay with the fees but another option is to just use the app for invoicing and then let the client pay you in any number of ways from cash to check to apple pay but if you keep all of your invoicing in one app it really simplifies your accounting at the end of the year step seven is purchasing the other physical products you'll need for this business but don't worry it's not as much as you think let's start with work attire you don't need fancy branded clothing but you should always look professional and this will really set you apart from your competition when i clean i wear nice jeans a polo shirt with clean running shoes and i keep my hair and makeup consistent and when i interview i step it up even more this is one of the ways i attract much higher paying clients as far as equipment and products my clients are trained to maintain everything i need to clean their properties so i don't have to pay for everything or carry it all from job to job but i do carry a cleaning bag with some tools i consider essential as well as cleaning towels and mop heads but everything else is provided by the client even the vacuum while there are some exceptions if you take your own vacuum from client to client you are spreading germs and allergens and last but not least is step eight which is learn how to clean the right way you can be the best salesman on earth but if you don't know how to clean properly and what products to use on what surfaces you will not be able to keep your clients happy or know how to train your staff when you get to that point the biggest complaint i hear from new clients looking to hire me is about damaged surfaces from their prior cleaner not knowing what they were doing so invest the time into getting your cleaning skills dialed in and you will find much success in this industry so to recap it is not as hard as some people make it out to be and you can make an incredible income and grow your cleaning business as big as you want it to be as i said earlier six figures a year is very attainable for most cleaners working alone and you can earn well beyond that if you grow your business with employees and the best part is that once you have everything we talked about set up it's just about finding your first client once you do you will quickly grow from there by getting quality referrals but you're probably left with some other questions like how do you find your first client and beyond how do you interview with those clients how do you bid jobs what should you charge how do you know when to add employees and how do you become the cleaning professional everyone wants to hire well of course subscribe to this channel for more content that touches on all of that but also be sure to check out my online course linked below for immediate detailed answers to those questions and so much more thank you so much for watching i hope you found all of this very helpful i believe you can build the business of your dreams so get started today have confidence in yourself and know that i'll be here to help you build something you love and happy cleaning [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheProfessionalCleaner [29 likes]: Work with me 🚀 https://www.theprofessionalcleaner.net/coaching?el=2htsacb2022&htrafficsource=youtube
  2. @Tessabisaillon [1 likes]: I’m looking to start my own company!
  3. @quincythompson4309 [1 likes]: As far as clothing brands you can make them yourself saves a lot of money
  4. @Winstonfying [1 likes]: What are those high quality business cards providers? Thanks
  5. @LeratozenobiaChipeta [1 likes]: I have a registered company..3 years now and I just can't come to do it..
  6. @RKO_OSCAR [1 likes]: 11:50 great call on carrying vacuum to place. This was something I didn’t think
  7. @thulisilengwenya711: 🥰🥰🥰 Thank you for the tips
  8. @brozyoo288: Side hustle outta many
  9. @NatoyaEvans-c1b: Thank you
  10. @quincythompson4309: Cleaning business will compliment my vending machine business as well
  11. @Franciscaonyinye-r3y: Nice teaching
  12. @SheenaWilliams-b8l: 💸💸💸💸💸💸💸🇯🇲🇱🇷💛🖤💰
  13. @isaiahknight8535: I’m wanna use this as side hustle to make extra income
  14. @senoxswift: You made this seems so much less scary for me to do thank you truly
  15. @NgmalbiniKofiNOscar: What mistake did you make in your cleaning career that you wish you had never made? How did you also manage your cash flow?
  16. @graced2777: Very helpful
  17. @Goldnblu-q4m: Close and cars
  18. @RKO_OSCAR: Thanks for video. I’m starting my solo one now
  19. @gazsuku: thank yo for help good job,i wish god bless your busines Cleanig 
ian i have busines company cleaner i need how opening websi for cleaning
  20. @felixhayford9832: This is great information and a motivation as well. I am looking to start my cleaning company next month in Texas. How do I join your class for mentorship.

- How to Clean Your Airbnb -  A Walkthrough for New Airbnb Hosts: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video we're gonna help you nail down your Airbnb cleaning schedule and help you develop a checklist how long does it take what do you need to do where do I start we're going to answer all those questions for you [Music] once you open that door it is go time to get this place clean so the first two things that you want to do immediately is you want to start getting the laundry going and getting the dishes going so let's first start with laundry you want to strip those beds obviously check it for all the you know things and then get it in that washer you want to get it going ASAP here's a hosting hot tip for you if you have the opportunity to purchase that washer make sure you purchase one with a speed cycle next you want to head to the kitchen and get that dishwasher loaded up again understand your dishwasher all of the Cycles how long each of them are you really want to get acquainted with that but those are the first two things you want to get after and get that cleaning started ASAP so that's a great way to figure out how long a turnover a clean should take you if your washing machine and drying Cycle takes about an hour and a half half let's see if you can get your cleaning time to that time if you have a dryer elsewhere washer and dryer elsewhere in your property if you don't have to do laundry onsite that's a whole different situation and then next I've got two tips for you professional Cleaners clean top to bottom left to right it's is a really good way so you don't miss any Services miss any walls if you have that system down top bottom left right you are sure to see every surface nook and cranny of your property here's the really cool thing with shortterm rals you are in there often so what I want to Annette and I believe wholeheartedly in super clean Super sanitized spaces but you don't want to deep clean each and every time time is of the essence I'm sure you want to grow maybe do some other things with your time you don't want to be turning over property for hours on end right so one thing that is a non-negotiable for every single turnover is surfaces if a guest is touching a surface or touching a remote control those are things you want to clean every single time I told you the tip of up down left right the way we do that in our properties if you have multi-level properties everything you do on the top start there and then you go to the middle then you go to the main floor that's top to bottom and then left to right you're going to use your your your eye to look at the room first you a visual scan and then you're going to go for okay what needs dusted what surfaces need cleaned and then you'll work on the floor so right now if I'm in this living room space it's open concept but I like to treat it in different sections there's only one floor on this property it's all one floor so there's my top bottom this is the left side of the room I'm going to use my eyes to scan from the top of this wall on my left to the bottom and I'm going to go around the room and decide what I'm going to do the surfaces I see obviously are this especially because of this brick and get Dusty so I'm definitely going to clean this I'm going to make sure that I clean my coffee table here this coffee table can lift up so I'll make sure the guest didn't do anything inside the coffee table I'll also dust in there we've got a table or a side table over there and we also by by surfaces especially with the couches I'm probably going to run the vacuum over the couch to make sure that any we're pet friendly so any pet hair human hair we get that off the couch as well so breaking it down like that visually and then starting with surfaces and then working your way to the floors is a great way just to keep yourself on task all right and that's going to take over all right top down left right let's do it in here so first obviously we do have a mirror re just hot tip here mirrors are great double as artwork and place your guests can check themselves out we're going to wipe that down if you have faux plants fake plants which we do you do want to look at this dust these down these get super Dusty just because you bought plants you don't think you have to water them you do have to dust them and that's why we go top bottom because the top if we're shaking these there's going to be a lot of dust going down to our floor then we're going to want to do our c surface here again I'm going left to right do not forget in your short-term rental you have got to move everything you've got to wipe underneath those surfaces and I'm in the dining room right now listen you have got to wipe down your chairs you want to act like your guests were um you at a restaurant with little kids you want to make sure that you're wiping down all of the chairs and underneath the floor all right well not underneath the floor I don't know if you can actually do that but you want to go underneath the table table to the floor okay the kitchen this is one of the this in the bedroom you want to make sure these are on point you want to make sure your whole place is on point but now I told you beginning this video that I don't want you deep cleaning every single time but here's a lesson I learned the hard way when you have guests who you don't know who have different ideas of what clean is and they're in your space for a couple days maybe they've run the dishwasher maybe they've washed the dishes by hand you don't know so I will give you this tip you want to when you're coming into clean you want to check the silverware and the bowls and the glass wear and not just the top Bowl I would do a quick visual scan again top bottom left right just to make sure all the silverware is as clean as you would want it that as clean as would you would get in a restaurant right you just want to make sure that stuff is topnotch other than that same uh things apply top bottom left right surfaces all surfaces that a guest can touch get cleaned things like top of the refrigerator the top cabinets that aren't used um anything that that is more of a deep clean schedule those out to like every two three four weeks you don't need to do that every single time I would clean out the um microwave even if it looks clean just do a quick wipe same with the oven if you can keep on these guys they won't get bad over time same with the refrigerator again a light clean if they got heavy use obviously you'll need to adjust your clean levels for that and then um would also do a visual scan of your pots and pants make sure they are actually clean things that you want to wait for like filters um don't need to be a very time maybe like just use your hands to check the knobs and the handles here there's nothing more disgusting than your guest checking in and this is like greasy and it's got crumbs so you do want to do this every single time and again I consider this a surface that a guest touches once the surfaces are clean dishes are clean we talked at the beginning the video make sure this gets started right away do the floors and the kitchen is done all right this space to know it is to love it and hate it listen again you're going to do the top the bottom left to right in here you need to spend a lot of time in the the bathroom area it's going to get a lot of use let's face it um so the shower you really want to make sure you're cleaning this I know a lot of people that maybe just like spray the floor you know you want to make sure that you're cleaning this there's a lot of tools out there that can help you uh clean clean the glass clean the tile hot tip it is great if you have black grout it really helps you keep the place looking a lot cleaner when you get white grout it's just very very difficult to continue to keep top top notch clean same with the floor here you can tell it's white but we also have some uh black grout there again wanting to toilet let's talk about this you want to a place that a lot of people miss you want to get back behind the toilet and every single time okay this has got to be Super Fresh super clean always check under the cabinet and the drawers in the bathroom these can get really dirty with you know people uh doing their hair in here makeup you want to check these and wipe these down every single time your guest will look under your cabinets and they will open your drawers and then the surfaces you're going to want to W wipe these down excellently one thing I want to let you know if I don't know a host that hasn't been called because their drains have backed up so you want to keep something like um a drain weasel or just like a simple drain cleaner that you can have this this you will get a call on this and the second thing we're going to talk about probably want to leave a plunger for your guests you definitely do let them help themselves but this is something you want to make sure that is super clean you know I don't need to explain that I don't think all right in this property we're in our final room it is the bedroom top bottom left right visual scan and here's why I say visual scan CU I'm going to look up at either the chandelier or the fan there is nothing more gross than when you're checking in you're snuggling down for your first night's sleep and you see either a vent in the ceiling or the chandelier or fan is dripping with spiderwebs and dust you don't have to dust it every time but you do want to look every time and make sure you've got a schedule going of things like that where like dust and dirt can accumulate so top bottom left right we're going to do surfaces so surfaces in here would include the full length mirror the side tables the top of the um the bed frame uh there's really not a lot of other surfaces in here the back door you might want to just like wipe off the handles things like that and then of course right now our bedding is getting washed and dried once that is done you can either put that bedding back on your bed maybe you want to like rotate more often so you're going to use your your backup stock to make the bed while that is dry you can fold it and put it in the back stock whatever your preference is there and um then you want to finally check under the bed I always like to run a Swiffer under the bed both dry and wet I like to keep on top of that because that separates you from all of your competition if under your bed is sparkling clean one time I went to a hotel and it even had a little card that said yep we clean under here too and then signed the name of the hotel and I thought that was such a cute idea cuz I totally looked to see what's under the bed how clean is it it so think about what you do when you're inspecting a property and you make sure that your property is just as up to Snuff as you'd want it to be we want to touch on the floors really really quick CU we're going top to bottom here's the thing you're obviously going to want a vacuum make sure you're cleaning your vacuum out so it is clean the second thing there's something called black foot syndrome I know you've seen it before it's where you w wear white socks around someone's house you lift your foot up and you're like oh my gosh this place is filthy but you look around you're like it looks super clean the cleaning products can build up so you want to make sure that you are using just hot water sometimes to get all of that cleaning solution up because that is not a good feeling if your guest is walking around in a fresh pair of socks and they see that they've turned Black by the end so you really want to watch out for that happening if you're using too many Cleaning Solutions on your floor to keep your deep clean sessions to a minimum I also recommend every turnover I'm a baseboard lady like if your baseboards are clean I know that you are like on top of your stuff so I would take the the attachment yep of the vacuum put it on the hose and just really quickly go over the top of the baseboards and along the insides because that way you don't have to do like a major dust or you don't have to scrub them so often um so dusting and or and or you know just taking the wand across your baseboard is another great way is to keep your floors clean oh and then check in so you want to make sure your exterior is also tidy yeah that that's that's the first experience that your guest is going to have we always think it's after they open the door it's not it's when they're walking up to your property so check around like is there any mail maybe junk mail newspaper just any debris like door lighting covered in cobwebs right we know it's outside if you can keep on top of that stuff again your deep clean isn't so deep so the checkin begins when they Park their car so check Che all those areas out if you keep up on them it'll be just super easy for you to keep them clean final hot tip of this video is we've been in the short-term rental game for a long time and you better believe I still use a checklist for every time either I clean or I inspect or I inspect inspection like right like I'm always just holding myself accountable so if you want a checklist we love and use Breezeway here's why we like them you not only have the reminders they and you can organize however you want you can also put photos so this is how you want it to look after it's cleaned to those references and if you get one property two property three property who knows someday you're a super co-host you're managing tons of properties you can start building out these like brand standards but start with your very first one get in the habit and always hold yourself accountable by a checklist last but not least once you think you're done take a two minute three minute break Brak decompress you want to walk back through your entire property and inspect when you're in the thick of it when you're like really getting after it making sure the clean is done there's some detail work that you just OB you just have cleaning lenses on so you need to take take a deep breath decompress then put your inspector glasses on you want to go back through one more time into every room this is where you're going to like make sure the remote control is exactly lined up fluff the pillows and just look at all that detail work maybe the chairs need to be tucked in the table underneath the table a little closer you just want to go room by room and do that secondary check that's a higher level inspection

  Top Comments:
  1. @toughpinoy281 [3 likes]: Been in the short term rental business for 5 years. A tip I'd like to share is if you have a throw rug... lift it up and shake it violently... lol... you'd be surprised with what you're $500 dyson can miss. Also... if you purchase white towels, sheets etc etc.... you can throw everything into the washer at once. Pro tip... date your AC filter so you know when to change it!
  2. @BetterWayLiving [2 likes]: Bathroom vents and ceiling fans - I frequently find that cleaners/owners ignore these. Its really nasty.
  3. @user-zs9ek1bx5z [1 likes]: Nice video ❤❤❤
  4. @KBTV444 [1 likes]: Drink every time you hear "top bottom left right" 😂 haha! 
Great video y'all. I definitely appreciate the tips!
  5. @ThanksForVisiting: Still guessing your Airbnb prices? That ends now. Join the live Pricing Boot Camp (May 5–13): https://thanksforvisiting.com/bootcamp
  6. @dividav1224: I would love a video on how to get Airbnb to remove scammer reviews for dinging you for cleanliness ? (When you know everything is spotless- takes two full days to prepare 6 bedroom house here …..)

Literally clean freak here. Started taking videos before each turn over and they still won’t remove the negative removes that are clealrly not true based on the video evidence. 

Hired a professional cleaner and 

I feel like there are ALOT of guest scammers out there trying to get a free stay for” smell” a piece of fuzz on a carpet or water spots inside a dishwasher? Every appliance has to be spotless and the guests need way more things than inside of a hotel. The overhead is insane
  7. @sharonberry410: Too many hand motions and finger pointing.. Gone.
  8. @dra-y8p: Thank you!!
  9. @Kamakea-w4x: I just opened my own LLC for cleaning service, however I’ve been cleaning since age 18. 30 now and i take care of properties. I no longer work for the brand name we all now Marriott. because of Marriott my standards and expectations is top tier. I will my make my coworker go back to the unit and correct that mistake, they aren’t allowed to go home until that error is found.
  10. @SheriSchimpf-kz1wv: So… basically clean everything you see!!   How long does it take one person to clean a short term rental approx. 1000 sq. Ft?  Thanks
  11. @thevirtualairbnbcohost: i found this helpful. Thank you
  12. @marthyochoabates6067: Hi may you please share the list?
  13. @designmaniac3920: How do you dust this faux tree??
  14. @amberfuentes2502: I tried watching a couple times. I cant catch the app recommendation for the check lists. Can someone help?
  15. @Darlene-zw2ki: Do you really want to camoflauge the grime with black grout 😮
  16. @Darlene-zw2ki: Geez we get the top to bottom already
  17. @larasilva1510: I have lots of experience cleaning, so my question is how to apply to clean Airbnb houses I live in New Jersey
  18. @MymbleGirl: What would you recommend for cleaning tables that are made of tree that’s coated in paint? Im unsure as to what products would work and not harm the furnitures
  19. @Ehzadrayhan8850: Quick question: How many pillows should I provide for each bed—queen and single? Also, should I add decorative pillows or not?
  20. @kayfarquar2034: How to clean---LOL!!!

- Simple Ways to Improve Hotel Guest Experience - Create Magic - Futurist Speaker on Hospitality: Kind: captions Language: en I'm here at the Irish Hotels Federation where I've been giving a keynote on the future the hotel industry especially now, but here are some tips that work for any hotel, actually a lot of them apply to restaurants and airlines as well. How to amaze your guests. Well the most important thing is to understand how you guest actually feels. What is the most important thing for a guest at any particular moment and to give them that quickly or to understand how to deal with it. Let me give you an example: if I've just travelled for 14 hours on an airline; I then been waiting in customs and immigration; I've then been in a taxi; I'm then arriving in a hotel; there's one thing I need more than anything else. One thing more urgently than anything else, I can guarantee it, What is it? Well it's a toilet- it's a restroom. And it may be a problem because actually I can see a huge queue; I've got all the luggage- I can't take it with me- so just a simple thing, it's just understanding that person coming in through the door actually, does not want necessarily to join the queue of 5,6, or 7 or 25 people to go and get a room key. But linked to that of course, is that one of the great frustrations of hotel users is the wait to get the room key. And again, it can be difficult if you need to go to the to the toilet. You think it's going to be a 2-minute wait or 5-minute wait and it turns out to be a twenty-five 25 minute wait. A big challenge: rapid delivery of a room key to a client is the number one way to establish yourself as a really smart hotel. Especially, if you're smart enough to know that person's coming, to greet them as they're coming through the door by name, give them their room key, maybe take the passport from them and say we'll deliver the photocopy to your room in 5 minutes. Really smart stuff. And you can use apps that are being developed innovatively by people like Yikes to connect room key technology to smartphones which means that you can give the SMS with the booking to the smartphone. The smartphone is then used: you walk to the door, the door opens etc, etc, so you've got automatic check-in/check-out. Yes of course you make it personal still, because you have you 'meet-ers and greeters' at the door of the hotel, but you don't waste your time with pieces of card and plastic and pieces of paper to be signed and, as with this stuff about pre-swiping and cards for expenses all that kind of clutter should have been dealt with weeks or months ago when the bookinig was first done, on the same credit card perhaps or on another one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @machumak4915 [1 likes]: Thanks. Great video. Thought you were going to say relaxation, rest.😂
  2. @elizavetagrokhotova4747: Can i get your advice, please, in my country hotels are following the rule and check in is at 14:00. So here the rule of check in in 5 minutes doesn’t work.

- 4 Ways to Elevate the Customer's Experience | Mark Sanborn Customer Service Keynote Speaker: Kind: captions Language: en now you talk about the Ultimate Experience I talk about the extraordinary experience listen to this I have a client in Columbus Ohio she is the president of a bank she was on her way to meet with a client in Cincinnati two hours away and on the way about 20 minutes outside of Columbus Ohio the the birthplace of BDubs she has a flat tire now she's got a dilemma because she's got a cell phone and the cell phone only has one little charge of juice she can call the client to say she'll be late but then she won't be able to call for assistance or she can call for assistance but then maybe the battery will die and she can't call the client so she does Nei she calls the general manager of buyer Imports if you're from Columbus you might know about buyer Imports and she gets him on the phone and she says here's my dilemma he said don't worry what mile marker where are you and about 15 minutes later he shows up with a charger for her cell phone a hot cup of coffee and a loner car she says well what should I do about my car he says don't worry about it I'll take care of it she goes and she makes the call on the customer in Cincinnati when she comes back she calls buyer import and says you want me to bring the car in he goes no just go home you've had a tough day park it in your driveway leave the keys on the tire we'll bring your car back and we'll switch it out and when she got her car back the tire was fixed she said how much do I charge or how much do I owe you he said nothing it's free it's on us and he said by the way we washed your mats and they're drying in the trunk and she said at that point now you're showing off and she told me that story a year ago and I wrote about it in the new book Fred 2.0 and I've told no less than 20 audiences about buyers Imports because you see I don't even know the people at buyers I don't know what brands they represent I don't know if they got the best price or the highest price in town but I know this buyers elevated her experience and I'm going to give you the four ingredients of an elevated experience today four things that you can do and one of the four things there is nobody that I currently in the business that is consistently doing here are the four things number one the guest always receives value you say well Mark what does that mean it means the guest got what they expected even if their expectations weren't right think about it sometimes we hide behind the excuse we say well we did what we were supposed to do we delivered what we always delivered the question is what did the guest expect if you cannot meet the guest's expectation you only have one other alternative what is it to educate them you say you know I understand why you might expect that but I wish we could let me tell you why we can't and I apologize but let me educate you so that we can bring your expectations into alignment with our brand value proposition because if the guest doesn't receive value all bets are off the second thing that happens is that they're pleasantly surprised I think it's brilliant that you have a guest experienced captain and I I talked to several of you about what is a typical shift luck like for a guest experienc Captain here is my two cents for what it's worth try to surprise as many people as you can during a shift if you're a GE find something that somebody didn't expect see if I expected it it's just value it's when I get something I didn't expect that I'm surprised what's the pleasant surprise doesn't have to be the same thing every time matter of fact it should be something a little bit different but get creative and brainstorm with your gecs and say what can we do to pleasantly surprise every guest or at least as many as possible here's the third part if you take one note today it's this your job as a GM as an owner operator franchise corporate field sales whatever you do your job is the management of guest emotion and the million-dollar question to me isn't what was the average bab what did they order what did they eat the question is this did they leave your restaurant happier than they came in and if they did they will tell others and that is the lifeblood of a brand if they had a bad experience they tell others too you know what they say they say don't go there terrible bad service bad food they have a great experience they go man you they here's the difference they don't just say go they say you have to go do you know what happened when I was in with the kids the other day and they tell a story see what you want to do is you want to give them a story I could analyze what Fred the postman does delivering the mail and you wouldn't remember one sentence but 5 years from now I meet you in an airport and and you say hey I heard you in Orlando if I say what do you remember you remember not the points I made you remember the story you got fanatical fans you got people that are passionate about sports and they love stories men and women alike will sit around and tell stories about their favorite sports teams what stories are you giving them to tell about your favorite restaurant we all we all want to be insiders I love Starbucks Coffee you probably picked up I'm pretty caffeinated I I think caffeine is the last great legal performance enhancing drug I drink a lot of caffeine but my Starbucks store in Highlands Ranch Colorado you know what I love about them I mean the coffee is the same doesn't matter what Starbucks you go to they freaking Know My Name They call me by name and it's embarrassing because there's so many of them I don't know all their names but they know me we want to be insiders folks we don't want to be we we don't want to be in the audience we want to be behind the curtain we want to be part of the production we want to get credit for being loyal passionate sports fans who happen to take their Sports fix at a Buffalo Wild Wings restaurant now here's an extra half principle at no additional charge I said I was going to give you four I'm going to give you four and a half here's the half principle work together

  Top Comments:
  1. @germi2341 [6 likes]: Awesome speech.  Thank god for Mark Sanborn and his obsession about customer.
  2. @hebamahmoud6914 [4 likes]: Management for customer  emotions
  3. @mevoy7598 [3 likes]: I counted 3 plus "Work together"
  4. @retailinnovations [3 likes]: Mindy P-Franklin- always make sure to provide the best service and the best value to the customer.  Make sure we go the extra mile.
  5. @panamanianviking3153 [1 likes]: I think he said 3 points lol
  6. @cafethucchien9175 [1 likes]: Great talks
  7. @almjazf27 [1 likes]: interesting
  8. @MilesCobbett [1 likes]: You Rock Fred!
  9. @professorgugurumba4189 [1 likes]: VERY INFORMATIVE
  10. @Amazingcarsandtrucks [1 likes]: Great video
  11. @nelsondiazmadu9048 [1 likes]: Elevator the Customer  services in the only way to get  the best and unique leader of the business thank you for show me the way
  12. @Ken1698: D7 insulin instalation
  13. @BrookeBevan-88: I am seeking employment focused on securing it and affording lodging saving up for housing as soon as possible. Woken up at 5 a.m. by police, sleeping on concrete outside of D.C., I appreciate the skills focus. My focus is safe passage and affording to live. Caution around angry mobs is also imperative.
  14. @CXintheCity: Great Customer Experience
  15. @ifoodieTV: If you are strictly a service based business and NEVER see. Your customers.  What format do you use to tell 🤔a story? Bcus your story is AWESOME.
  16. @kimberlymisquitta9768: This is amazing! Chatbots really does optimize customer experience! Did you know that businesses annually spend $1.3 trillion on handling customer queries? Chatbots can reduce this by 30%. Kickstart your chatbot journey with a free demo with Engati - http://s.engati.com/2r5
  17. @pruthvifernandes5216: The full-proof formula to master CX strategy - Well explained by Rajat Chawla on Engati CX : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ast_p_dEyw
  18. @karanparab3754: catch Christopher Brooks explain how to overcome a customer service crisis https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ak3GEmmK2Hk&list=PL05g56Qg9-goNEUmZlGGPHWfVjQRPpwr4&index=4&t=0s
  19. @athiraunnikrishnan3059: True. Managing guest/client emotion is one great strategy to elevate the customer experience. Talking of strategies I came across this amazing blog last day that listed out 30 effective strategies. Check it out: https://surveysparrow.com/blog/customer-experience-strategy/
  20. @Bigwave2003: You should apologize to the people of South Carolina for your affair in Argentina.

- How to improve Guest Experience: Kind: captions Language: en zach is a very busy man with a tight schedule every day except on vacations on this particular day he wakes up at 5:00 a.m. opens his journal and writes his plans for the day he then checks his phone to see if there are any messages although he gets a lot of messages he expected one in particular he was to meet with a very important client he's been planning on that meeting for a week and didn't want anything to go wrong of course the message came the client set up the time and place he was willing to meet he heads for the shower takes a bath gets dressed eats breakfast and is ready to go it was a slight issue though the client wanted a meeting in New York miles away from home he would have to book a hotel to spend the night he might also want to catch up with some old friends he used the booking.com website to check for hotels in New York on seeing the hotel of his choice he proceeded to book a room it so happens that the hotel uses the booking ninjas service to reserve rooms and customer user-experience zach is about to get the best experience ever booking ninjas property management system makes the booking process easier and uses artificial intelligence to gather details that can help personalize experience for guests it works in real-time synchronizing data between the guests end and the clients end on getting to the hotel his flight time which was synchronized by the booking ninja system allowed the employees to know exactly when he'll be around so they welcomed him warmly notified by the booking ninja software the staff knows he's a first-timer being his first time he didn't have to wait long a staff member guides him around shows him the features of the hotel might he be in need of any relaxation he is directed to his room and is amazed at what he sees his favorite sites have been laid out for him the room preferences matched with his own and he's offered the food he likes the shows on the TV are ones he enjoys he also noticed familiar temperatures normal to him the rooms temperature and humidity made him feel at home he leaves to see his client completes the deal successfully meets up with the friends he planned to see and heads back to the hotel to enjoy the surprisingly preferred service he wants the next day he sets out to his own place one of the employees of the hotel had already called an uber for him impressed by the quality of service he received at the hotel how well they treated him and especially how they seemed to know exactly what he wants and how he wants it he resolves to make the hotel a regular for him [Music]

- The Secret to GREAT Customer Service | Simon Sinek: Kind: captions Language: en Customers talk about they have great service or bad service if they got what they want or didn't get what they want. Right? But that's not true. I'll give you an example. Let's say I'm on a business trip and my work is done early and I want to go home to my family. I check the website. I see that there are there's flights available on the earlier flights. Let's call it a day early. Um and so I call the airline and I say, "Hey, I'm done early. I'd really love to get home to my family. I see that you've got availability in the earlier flight. Can I get on that flight? And the agent says, "I'm sorry, you have the wrong class of ticket. I can't change your I can't change your flight. I'm happy to pay a fee. I'm happy to pay whatever it is, please. Can I get on that flight? I'm sorry, sir. I told you you have the wrong class of uh you have the wrong class. I can't I can't book you. You have the wrong status flight. There's nothing I can do. The computer won't let me do it." Okay. I now hate that airline, right? Okay. Let's replay that. Okay. Same scenario. Hi, I'm done early. Love to go home. I see you have availability. Can I get on that flight? Sir, I want to get you home to your family. Here's the problem. Your your your ticket is the wrong class and so the computer won't let me. But let me let me see what I can do. I really want to get you home to your family. Click click click click click click click. That didn't work. Click click click click. That didn't work. Sir, let me talk to my supervisor. I'm determined to get you home to your family. Go away. Come back. Sir, I talked to my supervisor. We've tried like six different things. There's nothing I can do. I am so so sorry. I just cannot get you on that earlier flight. Don't worry. Thank you for trying. I now love that airline even though I didn't get what I want. And that's what it feels like when someone cares. It doesn't mean we always get what we want, but what we get is somebody who understands and cares about what we're trying to accomplish. That's considered good service.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Customer--Care-l-8O5-4lO-5OO3 [1 likes]: the secret to great customer service has shifted. Because AI can now provide "perfect" technical answers instantly, great service is no longer defined by accuracy—it is defined by emotional intelligence and proactive ownership
  2. @customer_Service-l-8O5-4lO5OO3 [1 likes]: Simon Sinek’s talk reframes customer service as a human‑centered practice where genuine care and empathy matter more than scripted politeness. It highlights that memorable service comes from understanding and valuing people — both customers and the teams who serve them — not just checking boxes.
  3. @brooketolmachoff571: Hey Simon.  Funny this video is about an airline.  I was on a Lufthansa plane that literally caught fire and have received no customer service in greater than 30 days.  This has an absolute horrible experience with Lufthansa.  Their only customer service is through an unknown inbox and no one has responded in greater than 30 days.  Do you have any suggestions for me?
  4. @thelyon3791: Customer service nowadays is a joke. They what the business but they don't want to do the things to get the business. For example, you have a favorite breakfast at your restaurant, but it's only served certain days of the week. They don't have it on the day that you want it walk out. Let them know. We need to do more of this
  5. @AWayOfLiving84: 1:37
  6. @AWayOfLiving84: 🌏👤🪶☯️🌌♻️❣️
  7. @jackbaxter2223: This is terrible advice.

I would rather the service worker politely tell me straight up that what I'm asking for is unfortunately impossible than waste both of our time with about ten minutes of performative obsequiousness for the exact same end result. Even in the first example given, the service worker told him the truth straight away, and he repeatedly refused to accept reality wasn't going to bend to his whims.

The 'great' customer service described wasted the customer's time by giving him false hope when the service worker already knew that what he wanted was impossible. It wasted the service worker's time by forcing them to act out this entirely scripted BS when they could simply tell the customer the truth and move on to helping someone else. And it also wasted the time of anyone else calling in and waiting on the line for an issue that the service worker might actually be able to help with.
  8. @Crescitaly_com: The secret to long-term growth? Consistency + strategy. Crescitaly helps you master both. 📈
  9. @adilena-b1f: I love this
  10. @sloaner5253: Humans lack empathy. Have empathy towards all other beings
  11. @maekaackerman3883: What if you call the 2nd agent first, and that agent walk you through and help you in everything she/he can but still theres no available flight at the end, would you still think like that? Like ending up "no flight!".
  12. @REDISCUTE: I work in the medical field. It’s not often but sometimes people get really upset nine times out of 10. If you tell them, I completely understand. Let me see what I can do. They almost always calm down whether we can help or not.
  13. @Pegaseus: As the Customer Care Manager for my company, this is SO accurate. 

We can have the best processes, the tightest policies, and the cleanest billing structure in the industry. But if our customers don’t feel like we care about their success — all of that becomes transactional.
  14. @YTRoss44: 💣 love this as this is what it is all about.
  15. @carmaela2689: In today's business world, if you have even a little customer service and seem to genuinely care, you will be above and beyond everyone else. No one has good customer service skills anymore and when I find that rare business that does, I am willing to pay them if their prices are higher just because they are good to work with.
  16. @BishopCameronNelsonMinistries: To define what was just said, it's all about EFFORT. Keeping God first. Bishop Cameron I. Nelson Ministries- Cleveland, Columbus, Memphis ( Men's Monumental Conference-Akron) Helping Men Become Great With God!
  17. @haraldchan: People called this bullshit but I think this only works when you are authentic and willing to put efforts to it. As a hotel front desk team leader, I always ask my team to treat every guest like the first guest of the day, meaning, no preconception in information of any kind, when a guest ask for something, you actually check and explain, you actually trying to help, guest can tell if you are pretending or not.
  18. @richi1014: That is true, however is also true that when you have to do that with 50 customers a day, Monday to Friday, I can garantee you, you wont have same energy, same kindness, or same professionalism, its imposible, the only way is being the owner of the company for yo to care that much about every customer you get.
  19. @GaryRaines-u9c: Where  is  Bill  Gates; ??  He  needs  this  medecine  more  than  anyone.    Including,  of  course,  all  the  other   Billionares.
  20. @kiarah1549: Erm WOW

- Customer Service Vs. Customer Experience: Kind: captions Language: en One of the best exercises for you to do is make a list of companies or businesses that you go back to over and over and over again, and ask yourself why. For instance, list five companies and to the right say, "I go to this restaurant at least once a week. Why do I go back? Because of . . . " I go to this fast food place every week. Why. . . I go to this store to shop for clothes every month. Why do I go back again? I go here for groceries. Why do I go back here over and over again? What is the reason? And the reason will generally be one of these six reasons that it's going to give you a lot of clues for your own business. #1: Fast You're either going back there because it's fast. Why? Fast food - I don't want to sit down. I just want my food and leave. That's all I want. I don't want anything. I just want a fast service. So you go back to a place because it's fast. #2: Quality One could be quality. What is quality? It's better material. It's better fabric. It's better whatever. The quality is better and I'm willing to spend more money but I go back for quality. #3: Cheap Another reason could be because it's cheap. You may say, "Hey, I go to Wal-Mart because Wal-Mart has what? Everyday low prices. It's the cheapest place, that's where I want to go to. No problem. That's their play. #4: Luxury I go there because of luxury. I've been buying Mercedes all my life because it's a luxury. I like to go to this restaurant because it's luxury. I like to stay at the W because it's luxury. I like to go. . . because of the luxury feeling you get. #5: User Friendly Another one could be user friendly. I go back to this place, it's so easy. I go back to this website because it's so easy to use. I like to use this app because it's so easy to use. User friendly. It's so easy. I like iPhone; it's user friendly. I like this, it's user friendly. #6: Customer Service And the other one is customer service. Now most of the time businesses say, "we have the cheapest, we have the fastest, we have the best, we have the most luxury, we have the most incredible quality, we have user friendly, it's so easy" or best customer service. Now, customer service is generally boring. And generally entrepreneurs, we don't necessarily pay that much attention to customer service because it's kind of like, oh my gosh, customer service? C'mon, give me a break. This is boring! Watch, this video isn't going to get that many views. You'll see it. Because this is not an exciting topic. But this is a very, very important topic. By the time I'm done explaining this to you. When you about customer service, what companies do you think about? Watch this. People buy BMW. Do you know why? Because of their service. You simply drop off a BMW, take another one, and you go back. So BMW has a reputation of being incredible service. Now. Range Rover may be Luxury, but it doesn't have the best service. But they're known for luxury. So what is the play? You go to another car and it may be cheap. Hey, I'm going to buy a Ford Focus. I'm going to buy whatever. Because it's cheap. There are things you can think about. Tesla user friendly. It's easy. Right? Customer service. Nordstrom. You go to Nordstrom, I don't care what it is. One time an old lady goes back to Nordstrom and this is a story you can find all over online. It's written about in books, etc. etc. This person goes to Nordstrom and says, "I bought this tire from here." The cashier says, "We don't sell tires." "No, I bought it here, and I want to return it." "Do you have a receipt?" "I don't have a receipt." Do you know what Nordstrom did? They took the tire! And the person said how much it cost and Nordstrom said, "Okay, we'll take it back." And the person went on to say we returned the tire, they're going to throw that tire in the trash, but customer service to them is extremely important. Now there are some places you buy something from, no return policy. We don't take it back. We don't. . . they don't care having one star reviews because their policy is, I don't care to return it. You buy it, you got it, it's gone, we're not taking it back. Mattress companies sometimes do that. Some of them do certain - no, you've already laid on it. You've already done this. We're not taking any of it back. If you think about Amazon, Amazon's got great customer service. I think about Zappos. We went and got a private tour of Zappos headquarters. They'll stay on the phone with you and talk to you. They literally will talk to you, how things are, hey let me order pizza for you. Hey, let me do this for you. It's constant customer service that people talk about them. Apple's known for great customer service. Southwest Airlines, when their attendants tell the jokes that they say, "hey, if you have to do this, make sure you put the mask on yourself and if you have two kids, choose which one you like more. . ." These things hahaha, it's funny; but that's customer service. You kind of connect with it. This is a very, very, very valuable way for you to build your business. So now the question becomes, what is the difference between customer service and customer experience. Pat, what is the difference? Isn't it the same thing? Absolutely not. Let me explain. And I'll simplify it for you and it will stay in your mind. Think about customer service as reactive. And think about customer experience as proactive. What does this mean? For instance. Here's customer service. "Thank you for calling AT&T. How may I help you?" Yes, great. Is there any other issues that you have? Have I fulfilled your service request you've asked here today? Okay, please take this recorded call and survey that we have going on . . . Reactive. Customer service could be a client is upset, you handle it, you react, you solve. All good. Customer service is thank you, please, may I please put you on hold? Thank you for your help. Thank you for listening. Thank you for understanding. Thank you. . . it's customer service. Customer service could be, "I totally understand where you're coming from. I totally feel your pain. I'm sorry." It's apologetic. It's customer service, because it's reactive to something, right? A customer buys, here's your receipt, thank you so much, have a great day, would you also like to buy this? Would you like to upgrade your service? That's customer service. And by the way, very important, customer service. Now a few are very good at customer experience. That's kind of when you go from here [customer service] and you graduate over here [customer experience]. Let me explain what I mean by customer experience. Look, whatever business you run, if you have more than 100 customers, you will generally be able to tell me that you have some VIP customers. Everybody has VIP customers. This is not about discrimination. VIP customers to American Express is called Black Card. VIP customers to American Airlines is called Executive Platinum or Executive or Gold Member, that they get priority seating, right? A VIP customer for Sephora makeup for ladies could be called Beauty Insider. Sephora does very well because they have this Beauty Insider group where the girls who are part of Beauty Insider get samples sent to them before everybody else. That's Sephora. They do a phenomenal job with Beauty Insider that's worked very, very well. They get it before all the other customers. Your VIP, VIP Amazon is Prime. There are many of them that I can give you. The VIPs, you're hoping to get many of them here [customer service] to be converted in to VIPs and they only get converted here, based on what? Customer experience. So what is customer experience? Proactive. Proactive is the way you treat them. The details. Customer experience is all about details. So if I call American Express Black Card, or if I call Visa Black Card, Mastercard Black Card and they'll tell me, "Hey, we just want to remind you, your anniversary is coming up. Your wife's birthday is coming up. Any plans? We see that last time you went to Bacara Hotel. Do you want to do the same thing? Do you want me to look for something? How about you give me this afternoon and let me look for something and get back to you." Then they send me an email and they call me. When is a good time for us to get on the phone? 15 minutes. So let me tell you what I found. If you want to do something very extravagant, we found this one place and we can do this experience and . . . and it's do unique and let me tell you what it is. You're wife's really going to like it. Tell me what things your wife likes. Experience. Amazon could go out there and find exactly what things you buy and see your buying trends and they give you a better experience. It doesn't matter what it is. it all goes to the experience part. Or you go into Apple and you talk to one of the guys at Apple and they talk to you like you are a regular human being. You don't feel like you're scripted -- too much. Although they have a script as well that they've got to follow. But it's just talking to you. Zappos the same way. They're talking to you. They're listening to you. Tell me about. . . how's your day? You don't hear too many "regular" customer service people companies saying, "So tell me about your day." Think about that small little side question that you call somewhere, you call Chase for Yes, I'm trying to handle this. . . Okay, great, let me place you on hold. Let me see what I can do. Do you have a case number for this? Okay, thank you. Okay, have a great day. Bye bye. Done. Instead, okay, Patrick Bet-David, thank you so much. By the way, Patrick, how was your day today?" And I'm going to say whatever I'm going to say. I'm going to give them, "It's okay. It's great" And then I'm going to ask what? "How was your day?" "Oh, my day's great. Thank you for asking. By the way, thank you for your loyalty. I can see you've been with us for 10 years. We appreciate your loyalty with us." Hey! Somebody appreciates my loyalty. I'm a loyal human being. No problem, I've been a loyal customer. We're proud to put, "I've been an American Express cardholder since 1998" whatever it Loyalty, right? Hey, we appreciate you. This [customer service] goes to here [customer And the more you can take people from here [customer service] to here [customer experience] the better off you're going to be with your business. Let me help you think about it maybe in a way that will make sense to you a little bit more and we'll wrap up this episode is this. So when it comes down to the dating game. Just think about it this way. There are a lot of people that just [snap] boom. They want to go out and be promiscuous. It's a philosophy, if you want to do that, that's good. In business, if you treat your customers like that or even women like that, your reputation spreads. If you treat customers like that, or anybody like that, reputation spreads. And it's not always the best reputation to not treat people properly. So then there is just one-night stand philosophy. Then there's dating philosophy. Then there's marriage philosophy. Your VIPs are marriage. Your VIPs are people that go from dating to marriage. They're kind of trying your product. They like it. Ah, um, great. Wow, they treat me so well, I want to marry these guys. And I want to go there regularly. And then I want to tell other people. They become your best recruiters. VIP members become your best recruiters. Best recruiters. They recruit for you for free. All that million dollar ad on T.V. that you're trying to do or whatever it is you're trying to do, you don't have to do it. Because they're doing it for free - if you convert people into VIPs. They are so valuable. This is why some companies, there's nothing different Zappos does except for the fact that they create incredible customer service. They don't make shoes. Zappos doesn't make shoes. They're not Toms. It's service. It's purely service for them. They give incredible service. They send you return, you don't have to pay for return if you don't like it, they'll pay for it. It's purely a service game. They're not playing the cheap game. They're playing the service game with you. It's so valuable and then all of a sudden, Zappos gets valued at, it was bought for a couple billion dollars, whatever the number Tony Hsieh is a customer service guy. So I know a lot of times especially startup entrepreneurs are people that you want to become a millionaire yesterday. I get messages, "I want to be a billionaire by the time I'm 35 years old." That's great, you know. Maybe don't tie it to, believe me, if you tie it for more people being happy doing business - I had a conversation this morning with a friend of mine who's one of our executives in our company, he's a doctor, Dr. Cooper. He and I were having a conversation together and he said, "Pat, somebody came and told me something about why I chose to work with you, and he said, all I said is my entire experiences of working with you, how it's been. And he's going into this whole story what he's telling me on this call we're having, early, early call that we're having here this morning, which was a fascinating call. I'm sure he appreciates that call, but that's a shout out, he and Tasha just had their 20th anniversary. So we're having this call together and all he was telling me, while I'm listening is our experience together, why he's still here. He left a six-figure job to come here. He was a principal, the youngest principal in the San Bernardino Valley area. But he came because of the experience he had and he is my customer. Now we've become very good friends, so it's past a VIP. And the more we have of that, that we treat people properly, the more they tell everybody. Your business gets stronger. You can't have this wam bam type of a mentality and your business isn't growing because you're not paying attention to your customers. So go back, again, the initial exercise, make a list of the five businesses that you go to regularly and ask yourself why do you go back. You will be amazed how all of them will generally have one of these things here. One of these things here. Now you may say, convenience, it's very close. That's part of fast. So any of that stuff that you write down is going to be part of one thing. And then for your own business, ask yourself, "What can I do to take my customer service to a whole different level, to add customer experience to my business and to give birth to more VIP customers? And what can I categorize as a VIP customer for me? What do you categorize as a VIP customer for you, and what can you do to promote more people from regular to VIP customers? That in itself is going to make you a ton of money, depending on how big you want to build, it will do you very, very well growth-wise, word of mouth, people want to do business with you regularly over and over and over again. So, that's my message today for you on customer service and customer experience. Mario, where's our pillow? Do we have our pillow? I can no longer say 100,000 subs because we are now at 100,000 subs. What is exciting is we already got many hundreds of emails of people that said they're making that video on why I love Valuetainment and if you don't know about the video, we just crossed 100,000 subs and Mario asked me to announce a contest to be able to privately mentor three of you here in my office in Dallas, Texas for three hours to go through your business plan and put a strategy plan together for 2017. We're planning on doing it sometime in the month of December, but you'll need to submit a 3-minute video and all the details - let's put a link somewhere here, where people can see it. You can go to PatrickBetDavid.com as well, boom! And you'll see the details as well. So 100,000 subscriber celebration contest, you can find out more details about that. But if you haven't subscribed yet to the channel, please do so, click on the link below here, and if you have any questions about customer service and customer experience, post your comments and thoughts on the bottom. Take care everybody.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VALUETAINMENT [32 likes]: Share your thoughts with Patrick Bet-David by texting 310.340.1132 or click here https://my.community.com/patrickbetdavid
  2. @gwaendyjnbaptiste: 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
  3. @123ElTri: Wow, 9 years later and 7.1 million subs
  4. @janaytaylor4841: Amazing Vid thank you Pat!
  5. @AshleySuper-e2d: Customer service: reactive
Customer experience: proactive!
  6. @BeYourOwnMusic-v7z: Really clarifies the difference—customer service is what you do, customer experience is how they feel!
  7. @deborahlutele2104: Thanks this is so helpful a whole  masterclass on business and experience
  8. @sharmpadayachee8939: This is awesome 😎
  9. @KaramHamza-hr2yh: Perfect 👌🏻
  10. @nejiahazgui7538: Comment je trouve mon mot de passe
  11. @kirtanlala8018: “This video is not going to get much views” few years later.. BOOM 1.7M views
  12. @Loadem72: This is my favorite topic. Being a manager of a facility that has many different types of machines, what sets one machine apart from the other is the service from the manufacturer.
  13. @ErinMorgan-o1d: BRAVO!! 🙌 
I’m not even a potential candidate for your hire, but I found your video because I was so exasperated from continually lousy, lack of customer service. But when I came across your video, I watched it the whole way through!! 🎊 🎉👍
  14. @110-k2q: 1.7m views 9years later 😅you're wrong
  15. @BlackTeenMonkey: Bruh why is this in my mandatory corporate trainings☠️
  16. @akashnill6103: Good evening dear sir ❤❤
  17. @tinmartun7002: Thank you Sir I am from Myanmar 🇲🇲
  18. @rubeenabegum8095: Hi can u plzzzz help me wuth difference b/w CUSTOMER SERVICES AND CUSTOMER SUPPPORT ? I have interview on friday plzzzzz help me 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  19. @akhtarshoib: I subscribed straight away no need of you asking for it! great job sir! Really helpful.
  20. @galdening: It looks like its very easy in those services to have ideas of client experiense. What about gardening services? More then giving a plant on birthdays?🙏👨🏼‍🌾