- New York City rich and poor - The inequality crisis | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en America is voting on its future — the wealthiest New Yorkers too. To me, we have fix the pandemic, so we can fix the economy. The gap between rich and poor is wide, and it's getting wider. New York City was hit hardest by the pandemic. And the poorest - worst affected. If Trump is re-elected, nothing will improve for us, it will only get worse. The coronavirus crisis put the focus on social injustice — right in the middle of an election year. Only one of the two candidates admits the existence of systemic racism. We need someone who can bring together and unify the country! Eight months, one city, three worlds - the city's upper, middle and lower classes. This film shows an idealized city, traumatized, while taking a look behind New York's glittering facades.... and lays bare one of America's biggest failings - inequality. Spring 2020 and actor Kevin Smith Kirkwood takes a walk on Broadway. Theaters are closed. He and his colleagues are out of work. It’s very intense. And it’s scary not knowing when there is an end in sight. There are some pretty dark days, you know. Because that fear set in. Our business is already filled with insecurities and times of insecurity. But to have no idea... of anything on the horizon? New York confirmed its first coronavirus case on March first. Two weeks later, the city started going into lockdown. By the end of the month, the US city became an epicentre of the pandemic. Sirens break the silence in a city usually pulsing with life. New York's world-famous theater district Broadway closed quickly. In a normal year, it would attract millions of visitors. It's where Kevin had fulfilled his lifelong ambition to become an actor and singer. An ambition he achieved despite the odds. The little black gay kid from the ghetto of Toledo, Ohio. Who saw his dream come true. I spent six years in this building. Winning the Tony Award. Performing at the Tonys. Winning the Grammy Award. His breakthrough came with the award-winning musical '’Kinky Boots’', which saw Kevin also dress up as a woman. He was finally on the verge of his own directorial debut — at a small theater outside New York. I was just starting to feel like I had a footing in the industry, you know. And then this happened. A few blocks away from Broadway... Tiffany's on fifth avenue, that's where Emerita Ramoon works - or did, until March. So, my job was to package any retail items that came downstairs. If a customer called or order online, it will come downstairs, I would check it, examine it, wrap it up and package it for shipping. Her personal take on the world is a very different one. Emerita lives in a highrise in South Bronx, New York's poorest borough. Tiffany gift boxes remain empty. Emerita pays 1300 dollars for a two-room apartment... a rent that was manageable while she still had a job. Emerita's parents came to New York as Latin American immigrants... and ended up somewhere that couldn't be further from the affluent centre of Manhattan. As a little girl, my mom will watch all these old movies and one of her favorites was Breakfast at Tiffany's. I understand why, you know, walking in front of this store was like a big thing for Audrey Hepburn, you know, you want to lavish lifestyle. So, as a young female living in New York. That's what I always embodied for myself. And I made my breakfast at Tiffany's dream come to pass. Now the dream is over - Emerita no longer has her job. She's had to send her children to stay with other family members, because money's so short. The Bickley family has gone to stay in their summer house in the Hamptons, two hours' drive from their Manhattan apartment. The daughters are fashion influencers, and can work from anywhere. Just a fun fact about my closets — I work with a girl who is a professional organizer. She arrived in the Hamptons before I did... and organized by color and category. Father Ian became a multimillionaire at the luxury goods brand Coach. Today he's an independent director for the shoe company Crocs, and a board member of the cosmetics firm Natura. Success is the intersection of hard work and good luck. Good fortune. And I really do believe that. Mother Kim manages her two daughters, Sophie, 28, and Charlotte who's 26. You know, they are sisters. I just try to keep everyone focused and calm. Sophie and I like to refer to ourselves as bloggers, influencers. I prefer influencers and content creators. - Yeah. What we do, from a job point of view — We like to look at ourselves as people who are recommending things to like to influence people in a positive way. For them, influencers are more in demand than ever. For some, quarantine outfits are the "in" thing. It’s such a cute outfit? People are bored at home, shopping online, a lot of sales going on? They're on Instagram all day because they don’t have anything else to do. We were really pushing for the wearing of masks. People definitely are judging about it. Because people are losing their job and things like that. ?and we’re focusing on clothes. But it’s our job. Some people don’t really understand. - But we’re sensitive about it. - Yeah, we try to be. The metropolis of extremes — and the pandemic. By April, New York is experiencing days that will deeply scar the city's collective memory. Under lockdown, anyone who can stay at home, does so. As many as 800 people a day are dying in the city's hospitals. Bodies are stored in refrigerator trucks behind the clinics. Why was the city so badly affected - and who was it affecting worst? There were two groups. Those who could leave the city or work from home. And those who continued to work to keep the system going, for those who were able to flee to the Hamptons. Although this divide existed in the city long before the pandemic, it has now become a matter of life and death. New York - with its 8.4 million inhabitants, five boroughs, all divided into unequal neighborhoods. There are parts of Manhattan where almost everyone is white. But that’s not the case in the Bronx, people of color are the majority. In New York, there's a correlation between skin colour and income. Residents in poorer parts of the Bronx and Queens are mostly Black or Latino. And it's here that most New Yorkers are dying of the coronavirus. Health is a luxury not everyone can afford. 25 out of 30 zip codes were in white, wealthier neighborhoods. and those hit the most were in poorer, Black and immigrant communities. They weren't getting tested. Coinciding with the end of lockdown, anger spills over. The death of George Floyd in Minneapolis on May 25th sparks days of protests, after he's shown suffocating with a white police officer kneeling on his neck. There are protests in New York and throughout the country. Unrest and looting overshadow peaceful protests for social injustice. The mood is further inflamed by police brutality directed at anyone... Black or white. When you combine the Covid virus with the virus of racist cops, you're going to have an explosion. And that's what you are witnessing Those are the folks in the street who are getting sick. yet it is also those who are being targeted by the police unfairly. The protests go on for months. For Emerita Ramoon, racism is an all too familiar part of life. I'm not a color. You're not a color. You're a human being. And that's how you should carry yourself. But once you put a title on yourself, it changed everything. And I think that's the problem with people in today's society. She knows the chance of catching COVID-19 in this district is much higher than in Manhattan. As you can see in this neighborhood, it's not a lot of funds. So, a lot of people don't have insurance to go. And if they are sick, they don't want to go to an emergency room because they don't have the pay. So in neighborhoods like this, you're going to get hit very hard when stuff like that happened, cause it's a poor neighborhood, poverty. Within a kilometer radius of Emerita's house in the South Bronx 10% of residents define themselves as white. The average annual household income is just shy of 27000 dollars. Almost half the residents here live in poverty or are at risk of poverty. Before the pandemic, 13 percent were unemployed. In May, the area was among those with the highest number of cases. I did hear some tenants did have it and some passed. It's June, and Emerita hardly leaves her apartment. She's waiting and hoping for a job, and to see her sons. One of them is spending the lockdown with his father, the other son is with Emerita's mother. Emerita herself couldn’t afford to feed them all. It’s about to be, what, three months? Three months without seeing my kids. Physically, I see them do video talk it. But physically touching them, physically hugging, you know, three months. What’s up guys? I'm getting my nails done? The Bickley family were able to remain together during the pandemic. They have paid help. Mexican nail designer Alicia is on a house visit. I have four kids — and I’m afraid for my kids especially. - So why do you do it? I need money. My husband and I we stayed home for 2 months. Now we start work a little bit. Alicia earns 150 dollars an hour. She's prepared to take the health risk in order to earn that kind of money. For the Bickley family, work doesn't entail a health risk. We’re extremely fortunate to have the choice of being here versus in New York City when things are like this. Not everybody has a choice. The city is one of the most inundated places with the virus right now and also we're so fortunate to have like a backyard to go out on. And a lot of people are just stuck in their apartments. The virus reaches the Hamptons in April... but arrives more slowly than in New York city. Within a kilometre radius around the Bickley's home — 90 percent of residents define themselves as white. Around 2.6% live close to or below the poverty line. And pre-pandemic unemployment levels were under 2%. At the peak of the crisis, seven times more people were dying in New York than in the Hamptons. So how do society's more privileged members deal with social injustice during a deadly pandemic? Is it okay to carry on showing off one's wealth? I’m sensitive about what the girls post on their Instagram all the time. - Really? I’m like — “why?”- you know, some? but that my opinion. It’s their brand and they should do what they want to do with their Instagram you know? It’s not for me to say or to control. It’s their brand. People just don’t like? I mean people? If it was my brand I wouldn’t do what they do. But that’s not? Dad, what are you talking about? I’m not Yin to my Yang! No no no? I’m just saying — your brand is about you guys, your lifestyle, you know that’s what it is, that’s what I think is magnetic about it and what attracts people. And I’m just saying — it’s not my brand or lifestyle or what I would choose to post if I were? You’ve seen my Instagram. People are different. I have my own brand and my own? - Okay, we got it. Kevin lives for performing - but now his life is in intermission. An actor and singer without any earnings, and perhaps more importantly - without a stage. Although, not exactly.... For Kevin, church has taken the place of the theater. It's a window on the world, even if the audience is only virtual. The first few were like, oh, this is kind of weird. This is kind of kooky. And then I got used to it as best as I could. It's just it's not as fulfilling, you know, to be able to look into people's faces and hear them singing along with you and standing up and clapping and waving their hands. It's a much different experience. So, it's been a challenge for me to try to keep my performative energy up. Speaking candidly as a pastor, I'm like, maybe I shouldn't preach. Maybe we should just sing the whole time because it's so, you know, spirit filling, you know, and so uplifting. People have lost mothers and fathers and sisters and brothers. People are suffering. They feel lonely, they feel isolated. They've lost loved ones. So there's kind of a very it was a heavy, heavy mood and it was difficult pastoring in that context. Religion is an anchor for Kevin, especially now. Like for so many others, enforced isolation is tough. Being able to come here and still getting to worship, you know, getting to sit and listen to the pastors, you know, sermon like first hand and be in the space, you know, has been amazing for my anxiety levels and my stress levels. After church, back in Queens... Kevin's neighborhood Astoria. This neighborhood is fun and eclectic and ethnically mixed and diverse. It's a great shopping area and shopping district. Great Middle-Class Neighborhood, lots of families, lots of young people, young transplants. In the one kilometer area around Kevin's apartment, 74% of residents define themselves as white. The average household income is around 74 thousand dollars. Eleven percent live around or below the poverty line. Before the pandemic around five percent were unemployed. The number of coronavirus cases here in April was around 40% below the New York city average. I felt very safe, actually, during the pandemic. I felt like this is a good neighborhood to sort of weather the storm and sort of and I felt a little bit protected. I felt lucky that we were not at the center of infection. But economically, the slowdown has been harrowing. Emerita Ramoon doesn't feel at all safe in the Bronx. But now she's got something to look forward to. Her youngest son Eissac is coming home in four days' time. The 13 year-old has just finished his school year, online. Yes. You made it to eight grade. You should be proud of yourself, regardless of the circumstances put in at the short period of time. And you didn’t it lose focus of anything. You fell behind a little bit, which was able to, you know, catch up. And I told you, it's not how you start, it's how you finish it. So, you finish strong and give yourself a round of applause. Eissac has been living with his grandmother. I'm very excited for him to come home. I love smelling my kids. I just love smelling, you know, just sniffing they hair sniffing their neck because it's something about a kid's smell, you know? And it just takes me back to when there was a baby, like, oh, my goodness, I remember your smell. It's June and after almost 3 months of total lockdown, New York cautiously begins to open up again. Some businesses, like hairdressers, are allowed to reopen - under certain conditions. At the same time, the effect the pandemic has had on New York is becoming clear. Unemployment has risen to above 20%, almost the level it was at the time of the Great Depression. Our research shows that in May one million New Yorkers were suddenly left without work. The number of people who could no longer afford to feed themselves doubled to two million. A crisis already existed — the coronavirus exacerbated it. Anyone who can afford to do so, has already left the city. By early May, almost a quarter of New York's uptown apartments are empty. This country is very wealthy. The reason that we can't meet the needs of our poor fellow citizens is not that we do not have money. It is because we have had years of tax cuts, loopholes and lax prosecution of tax fraud. There are people who are getting richer and richer in this pandemic. And we do not dare to ask them to do their civic duty and pay their fair share. But we have to do this to save our budget. It's July the first, not far from the Bickley residence. The poor of New York protest at the gates of the city’s rich. Legislation has passed to cut welfare spending using the savings to plug the massive fiscal hole left by the coronavirus pandemic. The protesters are demanding that instead of punishing the poor, the city should tax its billionaires. The rich can continue to live their lives — while we have to queue up in endless lines - for a meal. The protest doesn't make it as far as the Bickley family's house. Ian would be prepared to pay higher taxes... he tries to play his part. He's become a mentor to people like James, his former intern, who's just finished college. I came into 2020, excited. For me, as I’m looking at my job situation now. It’s challenging. This is what I try to also say to myself every day. You know, I think this is a moment in time. Yes, that’s it, I want to do something I'm passionate and excited about. For Sophie, the everyday life of an influencer doesn't stop because of the coronavirus. In Southampton, shopping is allowed again - with a mask. In this bastion of the ultra-rich, there's barely a sign of the catastrophe ravaging other parts of the country. It's an idyllic seaside place. Ocean is just over there. If you’re in New York City, you go to the Hamptons. That's what it is. So any equivalent of like a town in Germany, that’s the Hamptons for us. The next day back in the Bronx, Emerita sees her son Eissac for the first time in three months. Her brother brings him home. I'm really excited, the last time I saw my baby was in March. He's healthy, he's big and just looks great. He even grew! Mother and son are hoping that life can get back to normal. He is home Mommy! He looks good, he is tall. It feels better than my home. I like it, I like it here. I feel safer. It feels much larger too. Today, nothing's going to spoil their mood. But for Emerita, more financial hardship is already looming on the horizon. Kevin is putting on a performance - in his own front-room. It's part of a theatre project that combines monologues and dance, documenting New Yorkers' experiences of the pandemic. The director gives instructions via conference call. Kevin's role - a choreographer who feels totally blown off-course by the lockdown. As an artist I have I connected with being lost at the beginning of Covid not knowing where my art and inspiration was going to come from. To take this art and use it to help work through our fear, my own feelings, it was really awesome. And that's that's one of the beautiful things about what actors get to do. Dance might help Kevin process the experiences of the past few months. But - it won't earn him much money. You’re such a great dancer, I’ve never seen you dance like this. In addition to unemployment benefits, Kevin gets around 600 dollars a week coronavirus subsidy. But now that scheme is to be wound down. I'm optimistic. I am positive. I don't think they're going to be able to justify cutting that six hundred dollars totally. I think so many Americans would fall off, literally fall off a financial cliff. I wouldn't be homeless. But with the six hundred and the base, you know, I am able to pay my bills, you know. But that's exactly what happens. It's August and in New York, case numbers have fallen significantly. Even the Rockefeller Center is open again. Kevin has to dig into his savings, because there are no more subsidies. Ian Bickley is back in the city — he shows us his apartment on Manhattan's upscale Upper East Side. We have these little rails for our dogs who love to destroy things. They've hardly used the apartment. Luxury space left empty - while many New Yorkers don't know how they'll be able to pay next month's rent. Someone like me and look at our family and look at the life that we have and that we lead. We haven't been so affected by Covid, certainly from an economic standpoint. Because of the opportunities that we have and the flexibility we have, we have options. But a lot of people don’t. Emerita Ramoon can't afford her rent - and now she's paying in installments. She's been saved by a food bank in the apartment block basement. Canned foods and pasta to get her and son Eissac through the difficult time. Emerita is in freefall - but there's no social welfare net to catch her — and she's not the only one. Of those entitled to unemployment benefits, only 70% are granted it. Among African-Americans it is only about 55%. The reason - overburdened bureaucracy, and one that makes many mistakes. Emerita stays strong for her son - gardening is her therapy. So how am I supposed to tell my son at night when I tuck him in? You can be whatever you want to. This too shall pass. God is a good God. And then I’m in the living room. The bill’s being doubtful. Can’t do that. Evening on the Upper East Side. Ian's having dinner with his mentee, James. It's the first time they've met in person for a long time. James has great news. I got a job, working at a real estate company, based in New York, a small developer, a lot of great people, and they were able to offer me a fulltime opportunity, despite everything going on. Looking towards the future, things are definitely less certain than eight months ago, but when everyone does their part, everyone will be in a better place than eight months ago. I still do think it’s a moment in time. However, I, I at the same time feel like the crisis is much deeper and worse than I did several months ago. A lot more people are unemployed. That means there’s a lot less spending that affects other businesses. So, it becomes a vicious circle. In the Bronx, the mood is grows tense. Emerita is holed up in her apartment with Eissac. Since the start of the summer the number of shootings kept rising. In August, it was more than double the number in 2019. It’s only eight a clock at night and all of this is happening? Sometimes, partying can descend into a shootout in just a blink of an eye. After a while you get used to it. The guns start sounding like firework, you can’t tell the difference. Until you wake up the next morning and you hear — oh, there was a shootout last night. With all the things that we just came out of, it’s not getting better. It’s getting reckless. The shooting, it could happen near you. And then if you witness it and if they see you, you’ve got to run. For Kevin, things start looking up in September. Everything he thought he had lost has suddenly become possible again. In New Hampshire, the first theater is opening up again. And he's directing the production. I’m very excited. I’ve been inspired over the past week because this transpired within the past week and a half or two. So, you know, solidified over the past week. I’ve just been so inspired coming up with choreography and ideas, talking about costumes and lighting, dancing in my kitchen. The theater is nearly six hundred kilometres away, but at least Kevin gets to make his directorial debut. Now it needs to get off the ground. I wanted to do it immediately. I jumped at the chance. It’s very important to be able to start that engine again. And so I’m honored to be a part of it, to be a part of starting the movement towards making live theater happen again. It's mid-September, and it’s Fashion Week in New York. Summer's over and Charlotte and Sophie are back from the Hamptons. They're getting made up. Sophie and I serve as editors of a magazine, The Daily Front Row, which is featured in the Hamptons in New York City and L.A. And today we’re going to start our day off with a lunch. It's one of a few live events - most of fashion week is happening online. One really fun part about Fashion Week is getting all glammed up because otherwise I don’t wear any makeup really. And so that’s always really fun. If it is a normal fashion week, it’s literally from morning to night, about four days to five days before shows. So then I’m a little nervous because they will get on each other’s nerves and they will have fights. And so I have to have a mental breakdown. I have to be there to pick up the pieces. But this particular fashion week in Covid is so far going to be relaxed. Their father, Ian is on his way to Central Park. I want them both to have perspective. I think in any situation, to be the best that you can be, you have to have perspective and understanding for the situation that you’re in. The benefits that you have, the opportunities that you have and not to take those for granted. You used the word privilege. You know, do they really understand the privileges that they have? And, you know, could they be doing more with that, I think. We don’t feel privileged. We’re lucky to be in our position. But we have to wrap. Yeah. Whitefield, New Hampshire. The town of 2200 has hardly any COVID cases. Kevin Smith Kirkwood is getting ready for the premiere. It’s amazing to be up here. Because I already love the place and because I think it’s safer, I was Instantly able to just sort of exhale a little bit. The theater is one of the first in the whole country to open up again. Kevin has had to quarantine and get tested - like everyone on his team. We were rehearsing in their rehearsal room in masks and trying to sing and dance this show in a mask. Not easy. But we did what was necessary. So we did have to make some concessions artistically. We couldn‘t let Audrey and Seymour kiss. The day is here - theater-goers are only allowed in to see the performance under safety measures. TV teams aren't allowed in under new rules. Kevin's done it — he's restored a little bit of normality in the midst of a pandemic. We‘re successful. Everybody‘s healthy. Things are clean. Theater’s sanitized. And people came tonight and sat and watched and laughed together. It‘s amazing. It's October, and the city is getting back on its feet. Six months ago, this was the centre of the pandemic. New Yorkers are still traumatized. Anyone without a mask is viewed as anti-social. Masks are only taken off to eat at the newly-established curbside restaurants. They're allowed to fill a quarter of inside seating — but few people take the opportunity. The number of people applying for unemployment benefit has dropped again sharply, but it's still eight times what it was in 2019. Empty offices across the city has meant many smaller businesses reliant on office workers have had to close. New York is facing a massive tax deficit, with no end in sight. And despite all the health precautions some districts are seeing a rise in coronavirus cases again. People line up for food in every part of town. Without a job, savings are spent on rent, and it's the poorest who are left struggling to survive. For many it's a worse 9-11, previously the worst catastrophe to hit New York. 9/11 targeted particular parts of the city, but didn't shut down the whole economy nor go on this long. There was emphasis on returning to normalcy. Obviously, this pandemic isn't over. Eissac and Emerita Ramoon still feel trapped in their apartment. Emerita doesn't want him to go back to school, in case he catches the virus. Homeschooling is possible thanks to an iPad from school, and an old computer. I really don’t like being inside, mostly I am distracted by games or watching a show. If I don’t play games or watching a show I just sit on my bed and do nothing. It gets lonely. A lot. Emerita hasn't found a new job, and she's broke. Soon she won't be able to afford this apartment. I'm not receiving anything because of the pandemic agreement that the government is doing is on pause. But my faith is still strong. I'm smiling and taking one day at a time instead of planning out my life. You can't plan any more. You just have to go with the days. Her ambition is to finally get out of the Bronx. The Bickleys are meeting for dinner. It's not long til the presidential election. It's a topic they prefer to avoid discussing with some of their friends. We don’t talk about politics. Haha. There are a lot of closet republicans. The effects of the pandemic have made the Bickleys reflect... Sophie has her doubts now about the world of influencers. It makes me wanna go where I can go tutor kids that can’t be tutored or don’t have laptops or don’t have parents who can help educate them. It makes me want do really do more. I think the gap between the poor, the rich and certainly even the middle, the middle is a huge margin, but it has become too large and people are suffering. That's what I think the president has to really work on. The pandemic has has exacerbated it, in my opinion, and brought it even more to light, but the underlying issues were there before. Popcorn for the televised debate between Biden and Trump. Kevin is concerned about the election and the future of his country. I am one of the people whose lives will be affected directly by the choices that are made in our country. I don't have a (expletive) cushion. I'm an artist. No trust fund family. Artist. Black, queer. These kinds of decisions affect me seriously. Despite the crisis, Kevin Smith Kirkwood has achieved his big debut. But Broadway remains closed for now. Financially, Emerita Ramoon is at rock-bottom, but remains optimistic. The Bickley family gained a new perspective on the city, and life. Three lives, three worlds, one city. The contrast existed long before the pandemic, but the coronavirus has amplified it, and cemented the gaping division in society. Not just in New York, exposed as the metropolis of inequality, but also across the whole country. A challenge facing the United States - and its new president.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DeeM1923 [2 likes]: The Hampton girls were embarrassingly  shallow and very annoying!
  2. @ceoofmemes1967 [2 likes]: the thing that pissed me off the most was the fact that the dad was pushing the dogs in a cart. what the fuck is the point of a walk if they're not walking???
  3. @HeatherEvans-p1i [1 likes]: If we can shut the world down to prevent disease spread.. we can shut it down for financial equality.
  4. @Mnnemosyne [1 likes]: Those girls have the money to do anything with their life and squander it on being influencers, and their bff is their mom jfc, what losers.
  5. @stevenortiz2493 [1 likes]: And now NYC is in the shit and financially we are worse off than before
  6. @MysticMylo [1 likes]: I’m white from Atlanta and I’m telling you the white folks in NY are NOT your allies. POC - human beings here have more in common with the struggles in the south then the white ceos in ny especially the “humanitarian” fields. Like shelters rehabs for profit prisons etc. what y’all don’t know is they talk shit about us from the south and call us ignorant when in reality they playing y’all, raising transportation prices, rent increases, you name it. I’m in East New York. When do you see any white folks in bush-wick or Manhattan come out here and ask y’all what you’re needs are?
  7. @MariamAli-z3h: The lady who worked at Tiffany's was delusional. She also didnt "see herself as a color" yet lives with fellow poor PoC. Guess she thinks its a coincidence PoC live in poverty and crime ridden neighborhoods. Working at Tiffany's packaging items for the rich was a dream come true to her.  White Supremacist Capitalist system totally infects our minds.
  8. @Adam17382: Those two are so obnoxious.
  9. @timwong580: Why is it so sunny?
  10. @alexk7973: How does the mother of a 28 and 26 year old still have to parent them as though they were 8 and 6 years old? „they‘ll get stressed and get on each other‘s nerves, I‘ll have to pacify“… I‘m sorry, what??!
  11. @Braylenavy: Thank you
  12. @sissyrayself7508: This is a very biased and one sided film.
  13. @gracegeltmacher9878: Watch what you're saying the Antichrist is right around the corner
  14. @christopherstmarin: Was enjoying this till the narrator started talking about the evil white people. Like white people aren’t poor too. Race baiting
  15. @efghggdxlmfn33: I can guarantee that if you do the same interviews with the same people, everyone will vote for Trump in 2024.
  16. @efghggdxlmfn33: so how? Has life gotten much better under Biden after 3 years? I want to ask this black woman
  17. @zitapronj6945: Omg these daugthers!! Disaster! 🤢I can't even wait for the video to end to comment this.
  18. @byrolyn8182: WHITNEY HOUSTON ANONYMOUSLY GAVE MILLIONS AND MILLIONS TO CHARITY. YOLANDA ADAMS STATED THAT THE AMOUNT OF MONEY WHITNEY GAVE WOULD LAST 20 YEARS. ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  19. @asmitamuneshwar3595: Translate it in hindi language 🙏
  20. @mellowred22: jesus even the rich are humble these days acting like there’s a giant comet headed to earth we have bruce willis we’re good so relax just be normal and snobby

- Asking Billionaires How They Got Rich! (New York): Kind: captions Language: en excuse me sir hello sir yes Qui question for you yes sir have you ever been broke before Oh yes I have in what line of business are you in I'm in the shoe business are you a business owner I am and what's the name of your company Steve Madden Steve mden M are you Steve Madden I am what was the most amount of money that you've made in a single year you really don't want to know that how much it's a big number give me a number about 2 and A2 billion in sales question for you no real quick real quick have you ever been broke before yeah I've been broke many times what was the most amount of money that you made in a single year probably 12 to 15 mil best choice I ever made was a couple years back Amazon that was my cash cow you make a lot of money off Amazon I did what do billionaires do differently than 99% of other people guys we are in billionaires row right now this is the wealthiest Street in all of New York City home to where the largest percentage the largest capita of billionaires live so we're going to be walking around trying to go find billionaires see how they became wealthy and how you can follow their blueprint and do the exact same thing let let's go find them and see what they have to say come [Music] on excuse me sir question for you have you ever been broke before broke yeah no no no but what line of business did you end up in I I am in the construction business did you own a company I own a company yeah for how long 35 years 35 years I started a Channel at the University of Texas I grew it to 9 million followers and I go all over the country inter what's that Instagram yeah I'm going to show I'm going to ask him a couple questions what were you building I build these towers actually I build them I build them all over from Philly down to Miami what was the most amount of money that you made a single year at your business the most amount in one year yeah you really don't want to know that how much it's a big number give me a number3 million $30 million that's for yourself yeah how about for the business several hundred several hundred million s00 like more than 200 million what's that more than 200 million yes not more than 500 huh more than 500 million in that area $500 million that's incredible as a multiple n figure entrepreneur what was the best financial advice that you ever received if you can recall one lesson you just stay involved what do you mean by that don't don't delegate too much stay involved but some people say that if you if you don't delegate enough then you could work in the business and not on the business that's that's not it just stay involved if you delegate oh people respect what you inspect yeah just check it out did you come from a lot of money no what was the turning point to Financial Freedom what did you see that made you want to stand out I just I'm an entrepreneur yeah I have a real estate business I have a manufacturing business I have a construction business yeah so you Diversified yeah yeah a lot of people say just focus on one thing though no never why not never one maybe one wife that's about it one wife that's were you a good salesman yeah I was a great salesman what was your secret to selling I know how to close a deal what's the secret to closing I know I know what deal not to do I know who not to talk to and that would you say that's just as important as it's all ins before you sit down make sure you know who you're debating against cuz there's better guys why risk it yeah don't don't take highrisk bets want to take highrisk bets go to Vegas you know see you later have a great day guys appreciate that you guys we just interviewed a construction Mogul out here in New York City he's done multiple hundreds of millions of dollars in a single year that was a beautiful interview right there my favorite part my best takeaway from that interview was when we talked about sales he says I know exactly what deals not to do a lot of people they get greedy they get desperate and they go into the wrong deals and the wrong business great interview out here in New York City we got to keep it rolling go get another one come on excuse me sir sir yes Qui question for you yes sir have you ever been broke before Oh yes I have and what line of business are you in I'm in the shoe business are you a business owner I am and what's the name of your company Steve mden Steve mden are you Steve added I am actually real quick I started the channel in Austin Texas I grew it to 9 million followers I go all over the country just asking business owners their best advice to new entrepreneurs but I get one quick minute with you real quick one what would you like to know so how long have you been a business owner for 34 years 34 over these 34 years in terms of Revenue what was the most amount of money that you've made in a single year our company I think it does a little over two about two and a half billion in sales2 and5 billion I don't even follow let me ask you this though as somebody who's running one of the biggest Sho companies in the world your best advice to anybody trying to build their business into a billion dooll company like oh my god get a lot of help raise a lot of money yeah you got to trust your partners yeah I guess but if you make something people want you'll be okay did you have a lot of money when you started this business I started with $1,100 how important was Focus for you in one industry you know I started working in a shoe store when I was 16 so I've kind of been that's sort of been my thing what's more important product or distribution product is everything why is that because without that you have it doesn't matter all the distribution in the world doesn't matter what was the lowest point in your career as an entrepreneur I I did some time in prison that was pretty bad and uh had a very good run I've been very fortunate knowing what you don't know is such a gift and then you're able to get help you know so that's sort of the secret it's not a secret anymore I really appreciate that thank you guys we just ran into an interviewed billionaire Steve mad and we're headed to go get our next interview right now but I don't think you guys realize guys he's built one of the biggest brands in the entire world and one of the things that comes up time and time again when I interview the most successful entrepreneurs is the importance of building your brand in all aspects but in today's world especially your online presence one of the most important components of this is securing a strong domain name for your business but let's be real guys finding a good.com domain these days is nearly impossible that's why I recommend using a online domain unlike Doom online has a huge inventory of available names so you're much more likely to get the domain that you want whether you're launching a business offering various services or even freelancing online works for any industry and since the word online is searched 500 million times a month globally you're instantly tapping into a massive audience and here's the thing guys right now there's a special offer where you can get your do online domain for just 99 Cents for the first year and if you're serious about taking your business to the next level securing the right domain is everything so use code s Sook to get your Dot online domain for just 99 Cents for the first year by heading over to www.g get. online2 we're used to link down in the description of this video but with that being said let's go get this next interview excuse me sir Yeah question been broke many times and what line of business did you end up in uh I worked in real estate I was in construction have you ever been a business owner I am a business owner what type of company I I'm an independent contractor and I own an electronics business actually yeah yeah yeah actually right I started the channel in Austin we grew it to 9 million followers I interview business owners all over the country on the best advice new entrepreneurs can I get one can I get one quick minute with you real quick yeah you get a minute yeah so you've owned a bunch of different businesses sure let me ask you this across all these companies in one year in terms of Revenue what was the most amount of money that you've made in a single year uh when I was in construction scrap iron we were barging uh scrap steel in New Jersey and we had a barge and a shredder and it was quite an operation we yearly uh probably 12 to 15 mil 12 to 15 million how did you million million that's incredible best financial decision you ever made um probably to uh buy twostory apartment and refurbish it and rent it and let it pay the mortgage and leverage it for credit so you created a lot of wealth through real estate sure have real estate's a good deal man can't M with real estate energy is good too wait why energy ah this a long long story we're done I got to get I promise you be so worth it did you go to college I went to college but College was not where I got my information it was from mentorship and being in a family business in the trenches with people that were doing it and watching them work and staying by their side what's one lesson about business you give to somebody they will not learn in school any college let's say you just want to go you have to be have a PhD in communication you have to be able to articulate and be able to communicate effectively communication you don't get that from a Scholastic education you get that with dealing with real people people in real time and going through difficult situations and learning how to make those adjustments and that's a lot of that is the prre that is working in places that you hate and the person you're working under treats you like but you don't you're not reactionary you're taking lessons away without letting your ego say wow I it's talking to me a certain way just do your job and I promise you you're going to start to R ratchet up the hierarchy your skill set and the people that are treating you bad will start to respect you and respect your work ethic you can't react and be emotional the best thing I can I can tell you your viewers is don't be emotional don't don't feed your emotions got amazing so where do we find you guys the School of Hard Knocks on all platforms yeah we you think you can we can see some of that you guys going to post oh for sure yeah the School of Hard KNX boy you're going to be famous man so at first I thought my guy wanted to square up and fight me but he ends up giving an amazing interview guy made 12 to $15 million in a single year and just dropped some serious SAU for you guys the two biggest things came towards the end of that interview when he said the secret to becoming successful is learning how to communicate and never showing emotion in business great interview out here in New York City this video keeps getting better and better let's go get this next one out here come on excuse me sir question for you real quick I I started a channel in Austin Texas I grew up to 9 million followers I go all over the country asking business owners their best advice to new entrepreneurs cuz I get one quick minute with you what do you want to know what line of business were you real estate real estate Finance yeah uh yeah and my and some other things to are you a business owner yes I am how long have you been an entrepreneur for myself well it's been in my family since 1945 yeah my grandfather bought it and then I saw I got into some other things I don't want to say how long I've been in other things but what's your main business I'm it's real estate and and finance commercial or Trad option actually let me ask you this what was receiv received throughout your career if there's a lesson about money a mentor taught you that always stuck with you what that advice should you give to people that may not have I'm a home gamer okay so I worked out in my own my own apartment okay and I work through traded through a a big company best investment I ever made best trades I ever made was a couple of years back Amazon that was my cash cow yeah oh yeah did you make a lot of money off Amazon I did yeah you are a Trader though like like okay what separates the top 1% of traders in today's world what do you see that makes the most Traders successful uh determination yeah everyone makes mistakes me included I made mistakes where I got margin calls talk about losing sleep you know it's like the mafia coming after we you all watch this amount you know fortunately I was able to cover it some Robin Hood remember Robin Hood you know Robin Hood remember when the kid 27 I think he was 20 years old he committed suicide because he I knew exactly how he was trading yeah and I know why he screwed up right and he was not emotionally prepared for the consequences when he got that Margin Call so I had my share and I wow so it either makes you a better Trader you learn from your mistakes if you know it's your own fault and then I there were times where I thought about giving up but I I I just kept going and finally paid off and one day the biggest thrill of my life was I got invited to the New York Stock Exchange for breakfast I was like whoa me and then it was like about 30 of us through a certain company that we trade through I'm not going to say the name and it was like the biggest in my life and I knew at that point that I must be doing something right right you know I have back I'm 70 years old so I have back down now a little bit but I still do some have you ever been broke before no never been broke never been broke what's one lesson about money that Banks don't want people to know well they would like to take your money and invest it for you you know I I don't go for banks I do it myself you do it yourself yeah yeah the banks are good for people who want you know like 5% 6% I was making you know a lot more than that I'm not going to say how much so was making a lot more range how much I'm not yeah no but it's look I live in Manhattan you know um certain placees and uh all through my trading I have a year and a half of college that's it yeah you know but uh so but the key is determination you never give up one day you fall on your face you get back up and you do it all over again let me ask this I'm I'm 22 you're 70 whose generation Works harder yours or mine well look you you want to know about m life my grandfather was a coal miner when he came from this this country from Italy nobody worked like he did he lost body parts on the job you know my mother was born in cold mining country you know so when they came to Brooklyn in the 1930s my grandfather then worked on the infrastructure of the city the bridges and tunnels he was the toughest guy I know no one as far as I'm concerned he went through the great they went through the Great Depression nothing you either worked or you starved there was no you know Aid to help you out or whatever it was a completely different world here's the difference between myself and your generation when I was 22 years old we didn't the stock market was for people who knew someone that had a friend that worked for a company or or a bank you know and that's how you got into it slowly but surely but today with the with the uh internet um it changed everything at least it did for me you know I started trading on the internet back in the late '90s you know little by little little by little all a sudden I just snowball that's why I tell all young guys you get in it now you know we're not 100 bucks here 100 bucks there you be surprised what that's going to happen like 30 40 years ago yeah thank you my friend I appreciate you thank you so much for your time this video was amazing you guys I cannot believe some of the people we ran into out here but I need you guys to like And subscribe for amazing content we've got coming very soon and if you're not a member yet you need to join my private entrepreneur Community cuz guys mentorship is the only secret and shortcut to success in today's world if you guys want to hop on live calls and ask your questions directly to the Millionaires and the billionaires that I interview about how you can start building generational wealth how to scale that business or get out of that 9 to-5 and start and grow that business or learn the fundamental skills like sales negotiations marketing everything you need to be a member of my community to join go to the link down in the description of this video I can't wait to see you on the inside of the school of mentors my school Community with that being said we'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @theschoolofhardknocks [34 likes]: Use code "SOHK" to get your .Online Domain for 99cents for the first year at https://get.online/sohk2
  2. @wxn978: >
  3. @MarkOrzel-g2y: I wish I had these video’s earlier
  4. @Samuelclark11: steeeeeeeeeevvvvvveeeee maddddeeen
  5. @davidtayo4391: ✌🏼
  6. @1stPrinciples455: This channel should just declare it's funded by Christian religion organizations if that's the truth.
  7. @needcashgoF---yoself: WOLF ON WALLSTREET.........SHHHHTEEEEVE MAHHHDDDEENNNN
  8. @PastorE-m3h: You and that wrestler on another short video use profanity while you talk about God. Who is this god you refer to ... cause I can assure you its not the God of the bible, who is holy. Your garments are filthy before Jesus Christ. And I can assure you, you don't know this God. The devil is fooling you. (To say Jesus protects him in the ring while he was bashing someone's brains out, I was wondering about all of this ... until you guys confirmed my suspicions,  which is you serve the devil, and not God,  and your profanity proves that, he who sins is of the devil)
The bible says let your conversation be without coveteousness, idolatry, boasting in how much money you have. The bible also says in the end people will be lovers of money and not lovers of God. ( view mark hemans ministries to see what a real christian is like, get born again) How many of these rich people are building the kingdom of Jesus Christ with their billions?  I "bet" you, no one! It's all about self, self and more self.
  9. @uttamkumarsharma5569: 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤
  10. @UsLuxury-c4c: ❤ 0:13
  11. @Punta1111: The guy in the red shirt lol 
Started out pretty much flipping the guy off not wanting to stop and talk but then he gets warm. Towards the end starts dishing out life lessons. Sad that these guys will be lost to us in 20 or 30 years time
  12. @SallyMwalrMusic: do you see that kid finding his way and looking at you like you're a god so happy to see you,

that tells how great you are doing bro, halfway through the video in a green shirt
  13. @Jason-eo2vv: "Sttteeeeevvvvveee......Sssstteeevveee Madddddeennn. Women's shoes! 👟😂
  14. @MelissaLovesGODAlmighty: Thank you.
  15. @Billclinternet93: Anybody here watching this have any idea who the first guy is? I would love to learn his business?
  16. @saoodwilliams9490: Why was the guy with the red tee and black sunglasses recording?
  17. @Mr_Absolute_Official: meeting steve madden randomly is crazy
  18. @pistachiosandpopcorn7146: Coal miner grandfather guy…good answer on who works harder.   He’s letting you know that most do not work hard….compared to other generations or blue collars…including him.  He didn’t have an ego about the fact that he doesn’t work like his grandfather did.  His answer was very logical and honest.  But also…parents work hard so their kids have it easier…so no shame that in the fact that he has it easier. His grandfather set it up so that he could.  Nothing to be ashamed about.   Parents should want their kids to have it easier…not harder or as hard
  19. @c5x6xserx11z1uxse: watching you from Bali-Indonesia
  20. @Rejuvism: I always default to wolf of Wall Street when I think Steve Madden haha

- What I Saw as a Fake Billionaire | Fakes, Frauds and Scammers: Kind: captions Language: en-US As a real estate agent, you never really know who you’re dealing with. She could have been an actual billionaire. She could have been a scam artist, and I would never know the difference. This project is kind of like a Robin Hood project. I pretended to be a billionaire so I can get into the most exclusive apartments in New York. We're not just selling a building. The reason why people are living here is because of the lifestyle that we’re offering. Eighty-five million. Ten million. Sixteen million. These people are the 1 percent of the 1 percent. I think it’s really obscene that these buildings exist. Your maid would be getting ready with dinner while you’re just having one of the finest champagnes in a soaking tub with your husband. Imagine waking up every morning to these views. Gabriella... I really see you living here. [FAKE BILLIONAIRE] The cheapest property I’ve been to was 10 million, and the most expensive was 85 million. They manipulate the cities to the disadvantage of everyone else in the cities. My name is Andi Schmied, and in 2016, I spent three months in New York at an artist residency program. Basically, this whole idea started with the biggest cliché that I went up to the Empire State Building, and I saw the views. And I basically realized that there are lots of buildings that are as tall or even taller than the Empire State Building. And I just basically was really curious about what the view from those buildings looked like. That’s when I started to work on my book and my project. I chose 25 buildings, high, which were luxury towers. Ninety-three stories above the city, this is what $81 million gets you: a full penthouse, 8,400 square feet with floor to ceiling views of a metropolis. My goal was really to show those views that are considered to be the best views you can privately own in New York. First, I really just wanted to photograph the views for the book. As I was going deeper and deeper in this world, it became more and more obvious that it’s something totally bizarre and crazy. I was laying in bed, and really I was just thinking, “How could I get in those buildings?” I remember I talked about the project to the curator who was working at the residency, and she told me, “No way they would ever let you in without a credit check. The only way for that is to pretend to be a billionaire who is searching for an apartment.” From the moment that I started to work on the project, this was pretty much the only thing I could think about: write it down, check the address, go home, check if there’s any real estate available, call the agency, and usually, next day, go and see it and take a picture of the view. And so really, for three months, I was living in between this Gabriella, which was my billionaire persona, and myself, back and forth on the A line from Brooklyn to Manhattan. My name is Daniel Rosenstein. I've worked in real estate for four years. I met Andi two years ago when she was infiltrating New York’s most exclusive properties. I was doing Airbnb in my apartment in the Upper West Side. And first, I remember that he asked me, “What are you doing in New York?” And then he said he’s a real estate agent. I was actually a bit hesitant to tell him what I came here for. She told me that she was making a book. So I think at first, I was like, “Oh, is she mocking our profession? I’m just a pawn in your project here.” And then the more she was talking about it, the more I saw her point of view, which is almost nobody has access to these apartments. You have to go through a doorman. You have to reach out to a real estate agent. It’s not a normal real estate market, where you can show up to an open house. She asked a few questions, I think how to navigate getting into buildings. I told her to use the term, “We’re looking for a pied-à-terre or second home in the city.” A lot of really wealthy people look for second, third, fourth, fifth homes, and she at that point had essentially created her whole persona. Gabriella is my actual middle name because, at the beginning, I didn’t know if they would check my passport ever. And actually, at some of the properties, they did check it. And I remember, back then, I got really obsessed by many of these small details— that I need to do my nails, and I need to have proper shoes, proper bag. In order to do this project, I needed to bring my camera and photograph the view. This made me obviously very unusual in the eyes of the agents. But I also realized that the stranger I act, the more convincing it is that I’m actually a billionaire, and I just don’t give a shit. I was really, really nervous at this very first viewing. The agent started to ask me if I have a chef, if I have a nanny, if we have a private chauffeur. So I just randomly answered yes and no. And all of these answers kind of became part of what Gabriella was. Tell your husband every morning that this is really where you want to be. There are a few different types of agents. There are the ones who are very natural and just showing you, here is the kitchen, here is the bathroom, this is the price. And there is the complete other end of the spectrum. You will feel, Gabriella, it is like going on a journey from the sidewalks of 19th-century, old New York to the sidewalks of Florence. I actually might just prefer the 21st century-- Imagine your daughter running around saying words in Hungarian. It was really hard to keep a straight face in those viewings. I mean, it was really bizarre what they were telling me. Sit down, Gabriella. It really is a moment for you. Just tell your husband. He loves you, and he wants you to be happy. I’m sure he will not say no to you if you let him know this is really your first choice. Because this ultra-luxury segment of the real estate is actually now not really going that well, the newer the development, the crazier the amenities they have because there’s really this huge competition. One of the things that became an absolute standard for these buildings is the golf simulator room, Michelin-starred private restaurant in the building, theater, swimming pool, obviously. Equinox gym. They have a children’s playroom, a billiards room, a conference room, and everything in between. In one of the penthouses, it was that they would give you a yacht as a present when you buy the apartment. A yacht. So you mentioned the number of people who are actually living in poverty, according to the federal poverty numbers. But we all know, living in New York, it’s a whole different ballgame. The average rent across the city has returned to nearly pre-pandemic levels. We built fewer homes in the 2010s than in any decade going back to the 1960s. I think the way poverty is usually portrayed is from the bottom. So, talk about homelessness, or you talk about people who cannot afford housing. I think when you see it from this very top of the sphere, it somehow is also very telling. The buildings that you can see from every single corner of the city are these ultra-luxury real estate, which are not accessible for anyone, really. Apartments and buildings are standing 60 to 70 percent empty. Commercial and residential wonderland featuring some of the city’s tallest buildings and most expensive restaurants and condos. If you are looking to call Steinway Tower home, studios start at $7.7 million. Listen, not to be not sympathetic to the homeless, but if you live in One57, you’re paying millions of dollars to live there. Do you want a homeless shelter in your building? I don’t think so. We are not building enough housing for everybody who needs a place to live. Here’s what it’s like living in the smallest apartment in New York. Wherever your expectations are, lower them. So these buildings are kind of really soulless, in a sense. They are super standardized. The trends that I see in these properties are a lot of the same finishes and materials used. Some of the floor plans are the exact same. I think it’s a really challenging task to create something different when you’re working with essentially the same floor plan, which is a tall square or a rectangle in the sky. Oh, wow. Who was the interior designer? Deborah Berke. There is no one better in design at the moment. So you have always some very special type of marble in the apartment that the agents would always highlight. The marble is Siberian, which is now the best on the market. Then you would have the oak floor, which is always the best type of oak floor. And there’s really nothing that would make any of these buildings stand out, to be honest. But it’s not really surprising when you realize that it’s solely a form of investment, most of the cases. So it’s really not about living, and it’s not about having a soul. And it shows. It’s really obvious when you are there. One of the most striking things was how agents are trying to always go out of their way to tell me that no one else lives in this building, that I'm not going to have any neighbors. A lot of these Billionaires’ Row towers are investments for overseas and local people, so they’ll rent them out or they’ll just own them, have them sit empty for a number of years and resell them. It’s a safe investment. It holds value over time. But what that translates to is buildings sitting empty. There’s a trickle-down effect, so once the hyper-expensive properties become even more expensive, it raises the value of everything else beneath it. I get very often the comment that this project is kind of like a Robin Hood project, in the sense that I’m getting the views which other people or most people cannot see to the public. And it’s like being so high up, it’s cool. But then it didn’t feel good to be there, in a way. One of the very big problems of these buildings, they are casting sometimes hundreds and hundreds of meters of shadows, for example, over Central Park or over other people’s up until then sunny living rooms, or just over the streets. And so, somehow, these buildings that are not even lived in are taking away such natural things from the rest of the city as sunlight. There’s a lot of money in New York. And I think there will always continue to be a lot of money in New York. I do think it’s going to be more segregated. What I’ve learned from this project is really just how obscene differences are in society, I guess, and how this can translate into this very literal physical form in the city and how that is impacting everything around it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICE [548 likes]: ¿Quieres ver el video en español? Haz clic en el botón de configuración para cambiar la pista de audio.

Want to watch this in Spanish? Head over to the settings button to change the audio track.
  2. @Arkansas_MadeMan [2 likes]: Man you know how much money you have to be touching to buy an $85 Million penthouse?
  3. @danielj2653 [1 likes]: It's not nice to mock the sales guy talking these over the top sales pitches. He's just trying to survive, put food on the table. Leave him alone.
  4. @aleksandrmarkov5992 [1 likes]: Wow, you home really looks like a seven-star luxury hotel. 
That's not a complement.
  5. @briancase6180 [1 likes]: A new and bizarre guilded age. This too shall pass, but will it be a violent passing, or will people wake up and vote for politicians who will change this ridiculous way of living, being.
  6. @henricarrasco7398 [1 likes]: Ciudades con edificios muy altos o rascacielos es destrucción de la vida social es una explotación capitalista
  7. @lillaurap [1 likes]: The way Ronald Reagan started this whole billionaire problem we have in the United States should be studied. Like a course of it's own. So people can actually understand what has happened.
  8. @lillaurap [1 likes]: A yacht as a present? 😮
  9. @Gamekingjoe777 [1 likes]: So you waste Realtors valuable time, Do you feel proud of yourself?
  10. @sunshinenrainbows1626: Dont worry mandami is chasing out all of the billionaires from NYC. Ill try to remember to come back to this comment in 1 years That will mark approx 1.5 years of mayor Mandami. If his next year is anywhere as destructive as his first 5 months have been, NYC will be turned into the middle east...oh and extremely communist. Its awful to say, but NyC is giving the rest of the world a fast track course on how to destroy one of the richest cities in the WORLD. and by this time next year, it will likely look more like Michigan looks today. May god be with us all.
  11. @danielmoore3634: Ill take a ranch with no neighbors
  12. @do_not_trust_bjc: https://youtu.be/Tw4rScumaz0?si=DxK7jnZTPQ3t9oZp
  13. @mywitsend25: Looks like a concrete jungle to me!
  14. @Cleanliness42: It's because I'm literally at the top and peasants are at the bottom 😊
  15. @amarug: I guess I can speak of all of us of the 1% how much we HATE the 1% of the 1%
  16. @SarahTonin-qx8wy: The same in London as NYC. I worked as a concierge in Kensington in a building of over 900 luxury apartments, only 13 had people living in them. Only 1 woman came to the spa in a week but staff had to wait there all day ready to open the door for her (or any other residents) that might come in and masseuses and the life guard stayed on call all day everyday.
  17. @ZachAdams-y8f: It exists because some people can afford them. And want to live there
  18. @VileStail: There are dozens of realtor youtubers that have access to these apartments and share them for everyone to see on their channels. I don't understand the point of this video, to be honest
  19. @Hammer-f4t: A person of COLOR could NEVER pull this off, hence the Double Standard, and they wonder why we feel how we feel 😡🤬🤬🤬🤬😡🤬😡🤬🤬😡
  20. @sonicpalacevideos: The high end condos in Miami ask to see your financial statements before they show you.  One of my clients set up a meeting with someone who qualified to see the Porsche condos.

- Inside a Super Rich Gated Community (Extreme Wealth Documentary) | Real Stories: Kind: captions Language: en foreign car our Courtney and her husband Norman a television producer [Music] so great to see you nice seeing you too we're so excited the couple are looking for a new house for them and their future children they have a very big budget six million dollars and a new close friend Kristen their estate agent Kristen 's on wowing them today this is a beautiful 10 000 square foot home that's on the market for 5.5 million so let's go take a look perfect awesome it's this huge mansion 900 square meters across three levels it's very high end okay so the kitchen is super open great concept has abundant appliances and Kristen has another selling point the views Over Las Vegas Courtney is a huge fan so what do you think these views are just breathtaking I love the views I love how open it is let's go look and see what else the Mansion has a vast array of luxury features and a master suite which is completely opened up to the outside imagine Saturday morning waking up opening this up and just enjoying the view with some coffee absolutely a great way to wake up the couple are already picturing themselves living here and the bathroom oh and there's a TV and the hue dressing room will definitely win over Courtney who seems to be loving it here already I love this it's so nice you can lay out all your stuff she likes it I'm happy wife happy life this whole Club be mine and he can take the guest s and the show stopper so you've got this beautiful infinity pool overlooking the strip Norman and Courtney seem Spellbound The View and the luxury of course but that's not all they have visited this Mansion because it is located in a gated community a secure estate a private property with forbidden access to non-residents and extreme security we've got two entrances they're both guard gated 24 hours a day we have two guards at each station and then we also have broken security that's 24 hours security is precisely what inhabitants in gated communities are looking for Norman and Courtney are no exception living in a gated community is of high priority in our lives and we're not interested in looking at houses outside of a community no it's good just because we travel and I like knowing that there's a guard at the front I don't have to worry about my home the couple will also be able to make the most of a large number of luxurious facilities is there a fitness facility or anything like that on this property yes so in addition to the clubhouse we have a whole tennis and athletic center oh wow and there's basketball courts the whole fitness center has this massage and spa and a great Pilates studios with tons of reformers and great equipment top of the line oh that is so exciting didn't like that I would love that Americans are opting for these gated communities more and more but they aren't the only ones more and more these secure Estates are appearing across the globe and are shaping new residences of the future gated communities they are the new housing Trend entire private neighborhoods under high protection sometimes spanning several hundreds of hectares and generally reserved for the super rich this is our most expensive lot that we have in McDonald Highlands it's on the market for 6.3 million dollars so just for the look just for the lot residents here live a life of luxury which is very exclusive and difficult to attain without lots of money quiet you don't have to fight for your machines in America in certain States almost half of new constructions are in gated communities seen as ghettos for the rich the residences here are self-segregated from the outside world it's an upscale community so the people have the money to do a lot of extracurricular things to travel to play sports you know golf what is it we enjoy doing this trend of self-segregation is also developing in France among celebrities and the richest in society which is home to small gems within the heart of Paris or Park de montretu the oldest gated community in Santa clue in the Paris region but the peace and security of these areas are now attracting more modest social classes which can sometimes create conflict in certain neighborhoods barriers in the middle of town which the neighbors now have to make their way around for several years these unusual housing Estates have been constructed in other countries like Bulgaria where the most well-off are trading often dilapidated buildings in favor of secure detached houses behind the scenes businessmen have sniffed out the huge Market opportunity and are ready to profit from any opportunity guys waiting outside and three with the cash boxes for several months we managed to infiltrate these extremely closed off ghettos for the rich an investigation into the golden prisons Behind These fences which Tower like never before Las Vegas located in Nevada in the U.S this city is best known for its big hotels casinos slot machines and its overall wow factor it attracts 36 million visitors each year however it's not just tourists here in the middle of the desert there are almost 600 000 people who live in Las Vegas year round it's in fact the most populated city in Nevada yet on a daily basis the locals often want to escape all this excitement to live a calmer life far from the strip so a gated community is the perfect option at McDonald Highlands one of the largest and most luxurious residential neighborhoods in the city round-the-clock security is the number one priority here the 1500 residents have an electronic beeper which grants them easy entry but the cleaners gardeners and workers are forced to sit in a traffic jam each morning and are required to show their IDs pull up a little bit more right and like all mornings it's Billy who screens the visitors first each employee must State the address they're visiting Silver Lake all right up top so we just click on Silver Lake admit the entry condition is that you must be on the list of guests established by the owners a list which Billy accesses from his miniature computer but that's not all he's still going to take additional precautions new license plate number okay I scan their ID makes it a lot faster make sure the pitcher comes out nice and clear for each visitor Billy registers the car's license plate number and scans their driving license before issuing this pass throughout the pass and the idea at the same time it's data collection taken to the extreme Unthinkable in Europe and when visitors aren't on the pre-established guest list Billy takes no risks and calls the residents directly hi it's Billy at the Stephanie gate I have uh Raphael construction here working with your birdie construction for you uh they're doing the remodel work over there do you want me to put them on for two weeks or just call you every day two weeks these tedious controls have just one goal protecting the private neighborhoods Rich residents the people who live in here are worth a lot of money we have people who run major corporations we have a few celebrities some you know pro football players basketball players you know baseball players and they don't want people coming in here you know paparazzi's and taking pictures and driving around the community and when they're not supposed to be here that's the purpose of living in a gated community they want their privacy so it's a secure and private life for residents and a full screening for visitors welcome to the McDonald Highlands neighborhood behind these fences over 1500 people lead a peaceful life out of sight in a neighborhood that feels like the epitome of luxury 400 hectares designed around an 18-hole golf course with a view over the strip 500 high-class houses worth up to 20 million dollars a swimming pool the gym tennis courts and even a private club with a bar and two restaurants a small village in the middle of the desert where Ken CEO of a large construction firm in Nevada and his wife Michelle live they've lived here for 10 years and every day make the most of their gated community It's a beautiful morning their day begins at Sunrise with a morning Sports session there's no need to leave their secure neighborhood where there's a private fitness center reserved just for residents right by their house how are you see you guys good you guys ready ready don't kill us three times a week they call on Alex their personal trainer who can be hired from the Gated Community for fifty dollars an hour on the agenda today is boxing weight lifting and some other strenuous exercises but Michelle and Ken love coming to train here in this private Fitness Suite you're in a regular workout room there's a lot of people and if you're doing sets you might have to wait for a machine in the middle of your set which is an inconvenience okay good a semi-deserted fitness center personal trainers on call and that's not all at 8am Michelle's sporting day has barely even begun after a romantic workout Ken leaves for work as for Michelle she has changed clothes she meets up with her friends for a game of tennis still within the gated community first they hit some balls with a coach got it oh no I don't before playing a doubles match very aggressive Marty one hour in the fitness center with her husband the next hitting balls with her friends good get Marty Michelle who was a housewife doesn't have time to get bored thanks to her gated community she's doing activities Non-Stop good job nice job ladies all right that's it girls thank you appreciate it a few hours later she's in her third outfit of the day this time for an all-female golf tournament organized that afternoon just a few meters away from her home just across the street it's the middle of the week yet there's a crowd made up of just the housewives living here and they have not only come to learn how to play golf yeah it just gives you an opportunity to know more people quite rightly Michelle needs to find a partner for this round of golf you're my partner it will be this lady Natalie she also lives in the neighborhood the two women didn't know each other before but they've already found something in common I am really a beginner my husband's like we gotta get coffee all right get going perfect so this is why we're here two beginners who share a few holes and end up getting to know each other my babies are 23 have twin boys what are they are they are they no um my one of my youngest just graduated from UNR and is moving to South Carolina one in Houston okay one in Utah and one in California [Applause] socializing doing sport meeting new people all without ever having to leave the Gated Community Michelle cannot see herself living anywhere else girls then inside the Gateway to me no not anymore just because when you live in a gated community you're insured there isn't going to be a lot of noise everything the Landscaping the roads the lighting everything will be kept up there's a little bit more security and then you have all these amenities so why would I live anywhere else I don't think I would and even in the evening Michelle and Ken never have to go far to meet for a drink is the residences bar an opportunity to spend time with other members of the estate Ken and Michelle's Neighbors did you learn anything no I'm going to I'm going to get better acquaintances or friends who clearly share the couple's interests did a great job rather elitist Sports and confidence in lucrative Investments McDonald's here you can talk about big money without taboo for in this luxury residence all neighbors have the same living standard they are business heads investors or high-level Sports people high-powered people who clearly do not want to mix with ordinary people if the people that live around you aren't able to do the things that you can do then you either don't do the things you want to do and you stay home or you find people who are like-minded who are at the same level of Financial Security I guess he'd say that can afford to do some of the extra things in life that we enjoy doing and that's that's what we find here is most of the people here can afford to go on a vacation or can afford to take a tennis lesson or take up golf good to see you distilled sense of self-seclusion but to live here co-owners must sign this document upon arrival internal rules which are very strict and six pages long among the instructions are it is forbidden for children under 14 to walk around alone skateboards and scooters are prohibited no noise after 10 pm during the week or midnight on Saturdays and houses must respect very precise specifications subject to a committee and we will see that the owners are not interested in Breaking these rules year round the McDonald Highlands neighborhood employs 80 people including gardeners in charge of maintaining the green spaces and security guards and among them are Paul and Lisa employees at the association of property owners they have a very specific task in the community making sure that the houses are well taken care of down to the Last Detail sure once a month they go around the estate to report any offenses committed by the property owners looks like he hasn't taken his Christmas lights down don't expect huge crimes here they put right the tiniest issues sites must come down the first offense of the day Christmas decorations in the middle of May it seems trivial but it is banned so for the these lights in particular there's a written rule that says you have a certain amount of days before and after the holiday to put up your traditional lighting then you got to take it back down might be 30 days before and 30 days after the holiday that you're allowed to do temporary lighting Lisa takes photos to send to the owners of this house with a letter asking them to take the decorations down is not done within three months they will have to pay a fine it depends on the infraction for these type of violations for property maintenance they assess fines of fifty dollars every seven days so we can't assess a fine more than a hundred dollars every seven days the fines range between fifty and a hundred dollars every week until the problem is resolved we can get them a letter note I want to take his lights down and that's the case for all kinds of small offenses like damaged fences yeah this one's really rusted out dead palm tree leaves Palm fronds that need to be removed at this property yeah a hole in the wall hole in the wall they haven't fixed yet in total that morning these Aesthetics police have reported a dozen offenses if all the properties are kept looking nice it helps maintain the value of your own property so yes it's just Aesthetics and it's not a big deal but it's a response to people who had neighbors who wouldn't take care of things that aren't a big deal they choose to live in an association area and they choose to live in a gated communities the residents have accepted these strict rules they've even got themselves a highway patrol to keep an eye on them not far away a car patrols all day long Larry who's 71 is the most senior member of the employees and head of security you gotta try not to block things yep this sheriff-like employee takes his role very seriously he rules over a network of several dozen kilometers of private streets you need to move your truck on the other side he spends his day ensuring that the residents and employees respect the rules the rules are parking is sidewalk side once you get your equipment unloaded I need you to be over here that's fine thanks a small reminder but Larry does not settle for playing good cop a few meters ahead he settles down to do a speed control and to do that he draws out his fatal weapon a mobile radar and bit of patience in the community speed is limited to 20 miles an hour this white car is driving at 33 miles an hour the offense is noted but there will not be a Pursuit so as not to disturb the neighborhood however Larry will get all information about the offender with a simple phone call yeah Jane he calls the people who register all of the information on those who enter the community you have a wide focus with California plates come through yeah remember as a security measure the driver's ID the number plate and the model of her car are recorded on Entry as a result Larry's colleague has all the necessary information who is she again the name address license plate number all you need to send a fine to this housemate she does not live in the community however she will not escape this completely legal find got it the cost of this fine is forty dollars and residents can also be charged we report you would like to eat here no why I don't like to be told what to do uh that's me personally you actually told people what they have to do but you don't have why do you think I'm the boss rules that must be followed to the letter and a few extra charges in order to live in this community you have to pay all of these security guards activities infrastructure maintaining 400 hectares and a pleasant Green Golf Course in the middle of the desert it all costs a lot of money paying the bills Michelle and Ken like all of the other residents are co-owners of the common spaces so to maintain everything they pay fees to the co-owners association each month the first bill is three hundred and forty dollars per month for maintaining communal areas and security next Ken and Michelle have a 300 monthly subscription to enjoy the sports facilities and still it is required to be a member or to have a membership when you're when you buy a house in the in the neighborhood this 300 membership is compulsory and it's not the only expense demanded by McDonald Highlands so then at the club we have a food and beverage minimum that we have to spend it is 300 per quarter and so we have to either eat at the club and spend our 300 dollars you know on food there or if you don't spend it that charge you that anyways in total each month they must spend at least 740 and the same goes for all 500 homeowners so each year McDonald Highlands collects 4.5 million dollars to look after everything more than 10 million Americans have chosen this way of life but the U.S isn't the only place where these gated communities exist the concept has even been around in France since the 19th century creative here in the Paris region the oldest is the park de motra 2 on paris's higher land Napoleon III was its first resident a century before the Le Pan family and now an oscar-winning actor in the center of Paris many industry tycoons and Showbiz stars live in the famous Villa montanci in the 16th Avenue or in the newest gated community The Villa granell in the seventh avondismo but in France you no longer need to be extremely rich to live behind fences in the south of France Marseille holds the record number of gated communities attractions like the old Port the Basilica and the velodrome make it a nice place to live but the Mediterranean town is also one of serious violence drug dealing and is the capital of organized crime in 40 years more than 1500 gated communities have been built in Marseille in the ninth arandisman a residential area is although it's not a high luxury Community four years ago in a general meeting the co-owners voted for the area to be closed off with eight fences now there are around 100 homes there which are often stylish but far from the huge american-style mansions however here too access is forbidden to strangers and to cameras as well we attempt nevertheless to understand why these co-owners want to close off their community insurance properties anti-social Behavior this is what must have pushed the residents to close themselves off however is not known for its crime so could there perhaps be other reasons which led them to put up fences for Julian Dario a geographical researcher who specializes in gated communities in Marseille security could in fact just be an excuse no more need to share parking spaces calmer less traffic in short improving life's comfort as well as security but how are the Quan Jolie residents able to close off an entire neighborhood to understand let's go to the Mr University with Julian Dario the researcher after five years of field work he knows the town and its gated communities like the back of his hand gated communities in Marseille that's almost 15 percent of the land staff areas have multiplied in Marseille completely legally for certain areas were already private built since the 30s by developers at the town's request following a housing emergency so decades later the residents are entitled to do this is however the procedure is relatively simple a request to the mayor which is usually granted since in France property rights are unrestricted is the mayor of the 9th and 10th around this month in Marseille try to oppose fencing off the guangzhouli area the community in the ninth around this month but in reality there's nothing he can do we saw uh and these closures could well structure Marseille is the private road Network must be maintained by the residents from now on it's not all every time an area is closed the mayor must deal with it um in spite of these additional costs residents in guangzhouli have kept the fences however not all of them are in favor during the vote at the general meeting six homeowners opposed it Fabienne lives in this house in guangzhouli having lived here for 24 years she has always been against setting up fences first a gate at the end of her Road and a few meters further another completely sealed barrier that is fixed posts anti-intrusion spikes and no pedestrian access a question self-segregation that Fabienne does not support at all the eight fences which surround her community have turned her daily life upside down the children Fabian is talking about are students from neighboring areas they used to use these streets in the mornings and evenings to get to school but since it's been closed off access has become much more complicated Sarah Le Favre has been living in a house outside the gates and the closed community for 12 years five years ago she found out about the construction of this gate at the end of her Road since then her day-to-day life has changed especially when she walks her son Silva to school for seven years Sarah cut through the kwazuli neighborhood to drop her son off at school now she has to go around kwajioli and follow a rather unexpected route across this collapsed wall every morning frustrated residents episode an impractical dangerous path which has been left abandoned for years the other side is the route which goes around the gated community a pretty long way but more importantly it's even more dangerous a few hours later at the end of school she agrees to show us the root she fears and for good reason it's a real source of stress for this mother Sarah has felt excluded since the installment of these fences they have become a headache Eva for certain Kwang Jolie residents we met up with Fabian again inside the Gated Community today she's invited friends around for a cup of tea at her home just four people but it takes a lot of work and Mama the first guest is her mother and she has to open the gate for her voila Fabienne goes out to greet her mother so as to avoid a tedious procedure something that Fabienne does not wish to inflict on her mother mama the other guests won't enjoy this preferential treatment they must use the intercom we and each time Fabienne has to re-explain the whole procedure and open the gate remotely the whole process is rather absurd until finally she can enjoy tea with her friends and her guests don't understand this system either living hidden away protected the Gated Community model is developing across the world trend has even spread to Eastern countries and the market is proving to be very lucrative like in Bulgaria after 40 years under communism the country joined the European Union and its capital Sophia are 1.4 million residents and Europe's lowest minimum wage at 235 Euros per month although the Town Center definitely doesn't lack charm the buildings are often worn down and degraded Yvonne who's 45 years old is the vice president of the Sofia Municipal Council every day to go to work he goes through Sofia and the area where he used to live so this is where we used to live in this entrance at the top at the roof of the building he and his wife lived right here in the center of town in a small apartment with a balcony on the top floor of this building the main issue that it's a very busy street so it was packed with traffic packed with cars now it looks like a highway noise traffic jams and the Pavements here are far from the sanitized streets of gated communities you see all those ugly payments when you have a small kit or or a stroller to to carry the baby this is really not the perfect way you you expect to have your payment it's funny to admit for this municipality official Yvonne has even opted for a change of environment even if it means turning his back on his town he has moved to 10 or so kilometers from the center of Sofia into this totally gated community in the American Style with fences cameras and security guards exactly like in the United States he and his wife svobada along with their son Alexander have bought their dream apartment 196 meters squared and a big Garden which is nearly 300 meters squared first of all we were living in a much smaller apartment with all these toys and things we were really you know full and packed with many staff so now it's it's really big relief to move in something something big and it's a well-suited apartment for having friends over like this French couple who arrived the previous day this morning Yvonne and svovada offered them a tour of their new paradise and here is the most important part for them up to three secure accesses with barriers and guards at the gate the security that Yvonne appreciates even more now that he is a dad if you don't have children and you don't have to worry about anything else having a security with the barriers and the lifeguards they actually watch around they have cameras at night they're watching the the perimeter that's not all the residence is overflowing with facilities Fitness yoga massage offices a fitness center with a pool football pitches and basketball courts but also there is a nursery a hair salon a variety of shops and restaurants and even a chapel all within a gated community it's a real man-made Village so it's like living in a big hotel in a way it's like living in a small town in the Big Town yes that's probably the perfect explanation a town in which everyone has the same standard of living a really quite comfortable one people who have a very busy day life people who have their professional careers most of the people who are working in multinational companies there are people working in the banks in the insurance business in the transportation uh Construction and there's even a VIP living here the house over there is probably the biggest house he become very busy with his professional career and then he become a minister and then president this man is Rosen prevneliev the president of Bulgaria from 2012 to 2017. powerful and highly influential neighbors security shops no Yvonne no longer wants to leave this life of comfort this weekend are you going out of the year one hour we are going up I don't know I still have things to do at home you don't want to leave however to live here and benefit from the security and comfort they must pay for it each month Yvonne and svobada pay around 300 Euros that's a huge amount in Bulgaria it's more than the local minimum wage and svobada is a bit uneasy about broaching the issue while we are talking about prices speak about lifestyle we are going to speak about Community 300 Euros in charges that's twice her mother's pension svobada struggles to accept it in fact for Ivan and svobada it is tough to openly accept what they spend for a comfortable life in this country which has historically remained quite poor this man knew how to make a profit from the newly Rich he's the owner of residential Park his offices look over the community Georgie ranche is a property developer a Pioneer in gated communities in Bulgaria however he began with very different constructions the residential Park is just our second largest project where we started more than 20 years ago is the business park software Business Park an entire area of offices made up of modern buildings for the time the first building was the yellow one actually and from there it started and then we developed building by building adding more and more office space and more and more clients as a result hundreds of businesses moved there on the outskirts of Sophia fifteen thousand people worked there but they are far from their homes and the center of town by talking to all the people in the business guys from the community it came the idea that they would like to live nearby because of the traffic because of the jumps because of the parking problems and we started acquiring plots how the idea for the Gated Community was born a small town for the executives of these companies with housing shops and all the necessary comforts Company still owns the land with the exception of the houses so he manages the residents like a small business one of his tasks is maintaining the communal today with his associate he wants to do up the community's shared spaces beginning with the empty land next to the chapel Georgie wants to install some small covered benches but the problem is that these installations which are over two meters tall come at a price a bench like this is 10 000 Euros probably we are willing to invest something between 30 40 000. every year Georgie invests 1 million euros into the residents taking special care of his 1600 residents whom he doesn't want to lose because his success has created rivalry and for several months a competitor has been copying Georgie's idea just a few meters away from residential Park is a huge building site another Community with offices sports centers restaurants and even a school so behind the scenes Georgie is preparing a counter-attack he has decided to build a whole new residence just a bit further from the center today the businessman has met with his associates on the new land which he has bought 20 kilometers from Sofia he'd like to work out the appearance of the final project in more concrete terms his Architects give a tour it has to be said that at the moment it's rather difficult to picture a huge residence here on this vast land from the very beginning it was the same location in the middle of nowhere it was even worse I think in the residential park there was nothing just a big tree he wanted this land so much that he negotiated with Farmers accepting their rather surprising conditions square meters cash 200 000 years cash why they wanted to to see the cash these were guys from The Villages from German from lausanne and they didn't trust anybody it's like local Village People a lot of cash and some cold sweat and I'm 10 o'clock in the night it was in the basement and then everybody 100 and we with the cash in boxes and I say what do we do if this guy doesn't come and I'm with the boxes with the cash at the end he came and one hour a week spread the cash they counted it went away happy Georgie seems sure of himself it must be said that this land has a huge asset its location it's going to be extended and we're going to connect to it and there is an existing Road once the rink road is going to expand it's going to be very fast to go downtown an expressway leading into the center of Sofia just next to the Future gated community it's clearly worth it three years before the first houses are built clients are already rushing currently we have sold as reservations more than 100 houses out of 136 we are signing like five to ten reservations per week so by the end of June everything we believe if we keep the same speed would be booked a full house since filming all of the projects new homes have been reserved

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gritht [1 likes]: Her bag is hideous 0:32
  2. @LesNessman2001 [1 likes]: 18:12 ha ha ha… yeah, my house is better than ANYTHING in that community… NO HOA!
  3. @LesNessman2001 [1 likes]: 16:36 why is their an air of sadness in these groups?
  4. @TheForcesWrath: Somewhere out there is a really rich group of people who have that quiet money that moves the world in the direction they want. I bet they laugh at these videos. $6 mil is like change to them.
  5. @johnsetzco4178: Somebody coming 'round to take pictures of the Christmas lights on your house, and notifying you about it, feels the opposite of privacy to me.
  6. @flgirl45: "Happy wife. Happy life"? Then she says...."I'll take this closet and he can have the guest closet".  This is sad. She was dead serious too. I've seen many like this in my business . All about her!😂😂😂😂😂😂
  7. @SamueleYogaMeditationBreath-Wo: Wow
  8. @Decompres2002: 0:00 Property viewing
5:20 Gated communities around the world
7:40 Macdonald highlands security
10:10 Macdonald Highlands services & more
13:40 Socialising
17:20 Macdonald Highlands strict rules and regulation documents

18:20 Association of property owners (people that fine you for not taking care of your property
  9. @Bob-v6n3s: I have lived in roughly 20 countries and have discovered a universal truth. If a country can not ensure the security of its borders and the people within them... the more and larger the areas will be to seal off undesirable people. Test it for yourselves!
  10. @gish-t6q: 1:34 there is something really inconsiderate abt how he smears his oils on a wall like that... he knew he wasnt abt this place, but he felt the need to smear. minor thing but this behavior is easy to miss i just felt the need to call out because internet
  11. @BillionaireMind-g7k: fyp
  12. @celticwarrior777: Oyr countries,are filling up with illegals.
I would do gated community to its only way to be safe for women and kids..
Bulgaria gated community 300 month sounds good
  13. @TiffanyWilson-r4m: I got to try it but it was all fake not real I wish I had friends
  14. @troyhayder6986: Poverty line millionaires...why do you get to live like that??? And I live in council accomodation??? If I owe less money than you??? The entire thing is a total fing sham...
  15. @Amberbaddie2024: The whole bullshit of showing 🪪 and running the license is a bunch of bullshit. 🙄😒. IDC how much money you have that's overboard. They can keep that crap.
  16. @ushkadush: Real Rich people build their dream, not buy someone elses dream
  17. @NeuroAst-eg9cg: "Who share a few holes and end up getting to know eachother" my brain went to a different place lmao
  18. @NeuroAst-eg9cg: I don't think ghetto and rich belong on the same sentence
  19. @LesNessman2001: 23:27 bet you the people living in the community also rail against “communism”!
  20. @LesNessman2001: 2:16 this is why closets should be stripped bare before house is on the market!
No woman on Earth would want that style.

- "I Got Rich When I Understood This" | Jeff Bezos: Kind: captions Language: en I was working at a financial firm in New York City with a bunch of very smart people and I had a brilliant boss I much admired I went to my boss and told him I was going to start a company selling books on the internet he took me on a long walk in Central Park listened carefully to me and finally said that sounds like a really good idea but it would be an even better idea for someone who didn't already have a good job you can have a job or you can have a career or you can have a calling and if you can somehow figure out how to have a calling you have hit the jackpot cuz that's the big deal I met Jeff basos 25 years ago and he told me Dave I want you to invest in my company what are you doing I'm going to start a bookstore in my garage okay I'm going to put it online people buy buy online and I'm a ship out of my garage but but if you invest in me Dave someday I'm going to be the richest man in the world I'll do over $100 billion first of all there is no such thing as a100 billion 25 years ago statistically there's no such thing countries didn't have 100 our national debt wasn't $100 billion and this dude's telling me at 26 years old that he's going to be the richest man in the world cuz he has a garage and the internet that was his truth do that no but he did not he did not know it and neither did I but the difference between him and I is I was laughing scoffing and jesting at him and he was already applauding himself going at the right way at the perfect time I'm going to make as much as I can as quickly and I'm sitting there going there's no way this is going to be a big business do something you're very passionate about and don't try to chase what is kind of the hot Passion of the day seen in that light it really was a difficult choice but ultimately I decided I had to give it a shot I didn't think I'd regret trying and failing and I suspected I would always be haunted by a decision to not try at all after much consideration I took the less safe path to follow my passion and I'm proud of that choice as a young boy I had been a garage inventor I'd invented an automatic gate closer out of cement filed tires a solar cooker that didn't work very well out of an umbrella and aluminum foil baking pan alarms to entrap my siblings I'd always wanted to be an inventor and she wanted me to follow my passion was a mil military phrase that I especially love and it says slow is smooth and smooth is fast and I have seen that in every Endeavor I've ever been in that's the kind of thing that really allows you to make progress you know you get certain um gifts in life and you want to take advantage of those um but you I guess my advice on adversity and uh success would be to be be proud not of your gifts but of your hard work and your choices so you know you may be the kinds of gifts you get like you know you might be really good at math it might be really easy for you that's a kind of gift um but practicing that math and taking it to the next step that could be very challenging and hard um and take a lot of sweat that's a choice you can't really be proud of your gifts because they were given to you um you can be great f for them and thankful for them um and but your choices you choose to work hard um you choose to do hard things those are choices that you can be proud of you can choose we all get to choose our life stories and um it's the choices that Define us not our gifts everybody in this room has many gifts um I have many gifts you can never be proud of your gifts because they're gifts they were given to you you might be you know tall and or you might be really good at math or you might be extremely beautiful or handsome or you know there or there many gifts and you can only be proud really of your choices because those are the things that you are that you're that you are acting on and one of the most important choices that each of us has and you know this just as well as I do is um you can choose a life of ease and comfort or you can choose a life of service and adventure and when you're 80 which one of those things you think you're going to be more proud of you're going to be more proud of having chosen a life of Adventure never been a better time to be alive I mean it's just an incredible the amount of uh inspiration that the world generates uh for me and I think for a lot of people it's just it's insane the amount of change and convention and opportunity your life the life you author from scratch on your own begins how will you use your gifts what choices will you make will inertia be your guide or will you follow your passions will you follow Dogma or will you be original will you choose a life of ease or a life of service and Adventure will you wilt under criticism or will you follow your convictions will you Bluff it out when you're wrong or will you apologize will you guard your heart against rejection or will you act when you fall on love will you play it safe or will you be a little bit swashbuckling when it's tough will you give up or will you be [Music] relentless will you be a cynic or will you be a builder will you be clever at the expense of others or will you be kind every time you figure out some way of providing tools and services that Empower other people to deploy their creativity you're really on to something you know you're very lucky if you have a career a lot of people end up with a job if you don't love your work you're never going to be great at it Jules ver Mark Twain Galileo Newton all the Curious from the ages would have wanted to be alive most of all right now as a civilization we will have so many gifts just as you as individuals have so many individual gifts as you sit before me how will you use these gifts and will you take pride in your gifts or pride in your choices

  Top Comments:
  1. @businessmotiversity [71 likes]: Follow our podcast to get daily motivation on the go: https://open.spotify.com/show/4BnAMw4tLYCit9XhIlpYB6
  2. @darkexcalibur87 [2 likes]: Is there a single real comment here or...? crickets
  3. @TheEconDude [1 likes]: TLDR: The thing he understood was union busting.
  4. @melissareeder99 [1 likes]: All you have to do is treat your workers like shit and avoid paying any corporate taxes at all. Easy peasy guys!!
  5. @jaychapman125: I'm a talentless failure who has never accomplished or succeeded at anything I've ever set my mind to. Nothing I put my effort into will ever prosper.
  6. @Reffe-l9l: What’s the purpose of becoming rich when you disrespect people and your employees?

Bezos, like Musk and Trump, you are a disgrace.
  7. @MacroViewAU: Do you honestly think the whole world can get rich just by understanding "THIS" ?
  8. @bakriedewiki720: 👍👍
  9. @christinemctavish9010: drink the kool aid! This guy's not worth listening too.
  10. @Elena.S.3333: They act as if making money is easy, for them it may be, because they deceive us and play unfairly!

They don’t pay taxes, exploit their own employees, and have power and influence in politics. 
Please wake up and don’t take these people as role models. 
They are very, very poor examples. 
It may well be that they are millionaires or billionaires, but the way they earn their money has nothing to do with light and love or with positive energy. 
What they are doing is also very inhumane. Please stop glorifying these people! Unfortunately, the younger generation in particular is negatively influenced by such wealthy men and follows their example, becoming exactly the same. 
I find that very sad — it shouldn’t be like this.
  11. @SonnyK248: He was valedictorian at Princeton where he double majored in electrical engineering and computer science. He's just a very smart man. That helps you get rich.
  12. @Deepmala_namdharani: I am 42. So far I prefered to live at ease but now today I choose the life of service and adventure.
  13. @rayclipsoficial: nice job
  14. @WeniWeni-w2p: Jualya gimana di terima konsumen
  15. @QueenGitanjaliSashi-d2j: Great man is jeff, ijus love him forhis hard work n dedication towards work.god bless.
QueenGitanjaliSashi ❤
  16. @lydia5552: There's almost nothing what Bezos can understand from the real life outside of his box which he probably would call his high level. High level of what? Intelligence? Education? Sophistication? It's really hard to believe but In the real life, I'm probably much more clever and skillful than Bezos and other elite's billionaire losers.
  17. @JoJo-ju7xw: You too can be a millionaire . . . just get your parents to invest $300,000 in your business idea, just like Jeff did . . . its easy
  18. @JoJo-ju7xw: "Will you be clever at the expense of others or will you be kind" . . . . *employees have to pee in water bottles because the billionaire won't allot for bathroom breaks, silly humans
  19. @reginaldkonig4514: You got rich being a middle man selling stuff you bought in bulk from china for 100$ turned around and sold it quadrupled the price. I thought Amazon was great at 1st but found out how ur business works. Cheap put in cheap put out…
  20. @NegrO-C0ck13: I don’t have anything against rich people (billionaires) like Jeff Bezos in fact I admire them and wish them Well. What I DO HATE ARE HIGH RANK MASONS WHO INHERITED ALL OF THAT MONEY FROM THEIR ANCESTORS AND ABUSE THAT POWER AND INFLUENCE TO HARM INNOCENT PEOPLE. DO NOT TWIST MY WORDS PLEASE THANK YOU AND GOD BLESS ❤
I know my place on this planet and I’m not after the throne of man because It does Not belong to Me.
Do not support rape and crime don’t be a spineless coward because you won’t live forever on this planet remember that and GOD IS OUT THERE WATCHING AND WAITING.

- 7 Tips For Managing Rental Properties: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk about rental property management actually wait that's a kind of boring way to start a video so first let me talk about one of my favorite sports Ultimate Frisbee all right you know when I first started playing ultimate frisbee I was horrible like I would drop every pass I'll throw the frisbee on the ground and then end up losing the game for my team however today after five years of playing I'm still pretty horrible in fact that lose like every game I play now why well because I never made a conscious choice to improve to get better right being a great manager of rental properties it's very similar successes the landlord doesn't come naturally it's a skill you got to develop and as you become a better manager the property makes more money and your stress levels drop dramatically so if you can't commit to becoming a great manager then just don't do it alright the stakes are much higher than a simple game of Ultimate Frisbee my name is Brandon Turner author of the book on rental property investing and the book on managing rental properties and in this video I want to lay out my we'll call them seven rules for rental property management success and of course if you like this video don't forget to click that little thumbs up button let in the world know this video here is valuable all right on to the list rule number one property management is a business not a hobby treat it that way you see way too many new property managers just fly by the seat of their pants trying to figure things out as they go but those are the managers who wind up in hot water with their tenants their neighbors and their spouses so commit to treating your business like a business get the right forms be professional act like you're managing 10,000 units even if you're just managing one this means being organized developing systems and processes that guide your business and making sure your bookkeeping is in order from day one alright rule number two offer a great property for rent I mean repeat after me nasty properties attract nasty tenants nasty properties attract nasty tenants alright offering a great property upfront can help a ton great properties going to have fewer repair overtimes gonna attract a higher quality tenant who will care for the property better and that tenants where I gonna stay way longer which means more profit for you alright rule number 3 attract as many tenants as possible you know when you're trying to find a good tenant there's a lot of them out there right some are good some are not so good it's important you only rent to the good ones so you need to open up your funnel the people interested to as many possible tenants as you can think about it this way if you list your place for rent and you have only two people interested right you're stuck between choosing between one of them or waiting forever for someone else costing you time and money but what if you had twenty interested parties well now there's a lot higher chance you're gonna find someone incredible in that group I mean if you had 50 even better right so don't just rely on one marketing technique to attract tenants to your property try a lot of stuff I mean we used Craigslist with Zillow we'll put a sign in the yard take out a newspaper ad put a flier up at the grocery store maybe even an ad on Facebook get the phone ringing increase your chance of landing a great tenant all right moving on to rule number four screen for the best look finding a great tenant is the number one most important thing in ensuring a great profitable rental property management future or living through years of hell beating yourself up forever getting into this line of work so when screening tenants I look at four general areas first income which I want to be three times whatever the rent is job stability which I want to make sure their job isn't temporary and that they haven't been there for you know just a couple days credit which I usually want to be above 600 see that they're a little responsible and finally rental history which I want to see they have positive reviews from previous landlords and no prior evictions when it comes to human nature we don't really change all that much I mean how a tenant has been is probably how they're going to be no matter what they say or how much they try to convince you that they've changed I'm gonna let other landlords other managers take those risks I want a sure bet all right moving on to rule number five be mindful of fair housing laws now look there are some things you can too terminated against and should having an eviction on your record of being a smoker or owning fifteen cats or whatever right but other things are legal no nose for discriminated against like race color religion sex handicap familial status disability or national origin so don't ask how many kids they have or why they're in a wheelchair or what religion they are is just stupid right asking for a lawsuit also keep in mind some states add a few other things a little protected classes to the list so be sure to research your local laws and remember this is a business and business owners are required to know the laws now speaking of legal let's move on to rule number six sign a rock-solid lease with your tenant look when you're a kid you don't often understand why rules exist I mean come on mom right but as you grow up you realize that rules are there to keep everybody on the same page and everybody happy they make the world go round that is why having a rock-solid lease is so important a lease is a legal document that spells out all the terms of the rental period as well as the rules and regulations that govern the relationship between landlord and tenant they take a lot of the shooting from the hip decisions and get out of the picture and give you the manager something powerful to rely on when making decisions and a solid lease can protect you and the property legally in case something goes terribly wrong like town wants moving a dog well what's a lease a tenant wants to move out early okay well what's the least a antenna has garbage piling up on their deck well what does the lease say keep in mind else this is important real estate is highly localized what might be required in one state might be illegal to talk about in another so it's important that you have a state specific lease not just something that you pulled off the internet and if you are interested in getting one of those state specific wands BiggerPockets Pro members get regularly updated lawyer reviewed state specific leases and other rental documents as one of the perks of being a pro member so check out the other perks at BiggerPockets dot-com slash pro and learn more about BiggerPockets pro all right rule number seven be firm but fair look perhaps one of the best piece of advice I ever received when I became a landlord were those forwards be firm but fair another it's followed the rules and guidelines you put in place have penalties for late like late fees when tenants break the rules right don't bend because you heard a sob story not only does that hurt you and your finances it actually ultimately hurts the tenant imagine this the tenant calls and said there was some mishap with the paycheck and they're gonna be a week late on rent you let it slide and now you've trained them that that's okay so two months later it happens again but this time it's a couple weeks late and later it's a monthly pretty soon there's three months behind rent they're not answering your calls and you've got an evict a tenant costing you thousands of dollars and now for the next decade your tenant is gonna struggle trying to find a place to write because I got that eviction on the record all because you were too soft that's on you now I know that sounds dramatic but that exact scenario plays out time and time and time again with landlords all around the world it always ends bad instead be firm but fair follow your rules follow your lease because remember you are running a business now if you enjoyed these tips today can you do me a quick favor and click that little thumbs up button below the video and of course be sure to pick up a copy of the book on managing rental properties which you can get at BiggerPockets coms I store or wherever books are sold I wrote that book alongside my wife Heather who is the best landlord I have ever met she's incredible and you can be too if you just follow these seven simple rules for BiggerPockets calm my name is Brandon Turner sign enough [Music] yes

  Top Comments:
  1. @biggerpockets [20 likes]: What should our next video be?

Let us know below!
  2. @christopherarmstrong2710 [3 likes]: 1:53 “Offer a great property for rent. Nasty properties attract nasty tenants. A great property will have fewer repairs over time, and will attract a higher quality tenant who will care for the property better and stay longer—which means higher profits.”
  3. @BekOne88 [1 likes]: Thanks bro I saved this years ago and just watched.

I wanna do mgmt
  4. @NorthTexasPropertyManagement [1 likes]: 3 More tips! 

1. Systemize so you are more proactive vs reactive.  The stress can be crushing. 
2. Run your run collection with ZERO emotions.  This is a business not a hobby 
3. Do not stop verifying handymen or contractor prices.   It is not a matter of IF but WHEN they get comfortable and start charging you more.
  5. @tavisnewman4274 [1 likes]: Great video…. But you talk too much
  6. @Dan-qp1el: IDEA:  Electronic renter payment software recommendations please
  7. @FavianTech: Been curious about property management groups Austin Texas options in the area — this helps a lot.
  8. @TexasPropertyInsider: What makes rental management sustainable isn’t hustle — it’s systems. Clear screening criteria, written processes, and consistent follow-up change everything.
  9. @beetlebuilder5882: You state that you should get a bunch of applications and then pick the best one. This can get you in trouble with fair housing. You should set a list of minimum requirements ahead of time. When you receive an application you must put the date and time on the application. You must process the applications in order that you receive them. The first person that meets your minimum requirements gets the rental. Fair housing is nothing to mess with. The fines start at $65,000.
  10. @joelevequoz: Thank you for sharing, it is a very interesting video. I actually created a freeware to manage rental for up to 5 properties, check my profile, if you want to know more about.
  11. @KayleKehret: What tips would you guys say to a tenant who, let’s say, gets fired and says they will be late on rent. Say it’s a first time offense. I don’t have experience as a landlord and would love to hear tips for this sort of thing.
  12. @paradoxparty: #1. Stop being a parasite. Fund your lifestyle with a real job instead.
  13. @Crypto.Vantage: 00:05 - Effective rental property management requires skill development and commitment.
01:07 - Focus on professionalism and property quality for successful rental management.
02:13 - Attracting more tenants increases chances of finding quality renters.
03:11 - Effective marketing and thorough tenant screening are crucial for rental success.
04:11 - Understand and comply with fair housing laws in rental management.
05:17 - A strong lease is crucial for successful property management.
06:17 - Be firm but fair in managing tenant relationships.
07:13 - Be firm but fair to avoid costly evictions.
  14. @thelastaesthete: Landlordchads stay winning, rentcels stay mad
  15. @FtLauderdalePropertyManagement: I love Bigger Pockets! . We do property management out in fort lauderdale - Terratide Holdings
  16. @futbol1972: Hi, I live in clovis california.  I have a rental that my son was gonna use for airbnb however, he is not doing that anymore so iam going to rent the house.  House is already furnished, should I rent it  furnished  or will it be better to rent it without any furniture???. 
Without furniture i will rent house for $2200 it's a 1100 home close to fresno state university fully remodel. If is furnished do I rented for more, or is not worth the hassle and if i do what do what do I  put in lease in regards of taking care of furniture or if something breaks??  The teacher iam renting house to has two little kids and a dog, I thi k is a pit.
Also should I include garner in price of  yard?  I don't trust renters in taking care of yard.  I tought my younger son how to do yard so he can probably go do it and make some money??
  17. @thinkconstructionservices: Great feedback!
  18. @urklenurkle: Why does bro breathe so hard
  19. @zainabalghazaly628: Established experience, jaga hati pelbagai kaum
  20. @caterinabyrne380: Pay attention!! Do not take ME in front of a judge with a bunch of lies... When Jaden was living here in your crak house that you are  managing you didn't do anything but now because  you are dealing with someone outside your nasty circle ect ect ... Let's do IT !! Let's see how good of a lier you all are.. then I AM SENDING everyone back southern hemisphere....And greeting most at the DOOR!! HAHA??

- 5 Tips For Managing Multiple Properties: Kind: captions Language: en five tips for investors who are managing multiple rental properties hi guys it's nick with sell my san antonio house and if you've got one rental property you're doing great if you've got two rental properties awesome as your portfolio starts to grow when you're managing multiple properties some absolute tips you've got to keep in mind number one thing that i think we got to focus on is our tenant [Music] screening tenant screening is always important it is important from day one but as you expand it becomes even more important you're going to have to be doing it more often and if you have properties that are right next to each other or you have mult family poor tenant screening can cause problems that bleed over into your other properties you have to have a system what is our required documentation who does the checks on the rental history how do we run our eviction history to screen all of our tenants what's our process and if you start to get behind man i haven't got this property rented back again maybe i they seem fine i'll just go with it no no do not do not stick to your process have one in place and make sure you keep up with your screening to maintenance and repairs more properties you own more of this you're gonna have to do so get yourself another system you're gonna see a reoccurring theme here right when the call comes in we need maintenance who does it go to it's if it's ac who are we calling plumbing who are we calling if you got one or two and you did a lot of this stuff yourself you're trying to save cost there's nothing wrong with it but as you start to grow you're going to have to have other people that you can call that are reliable and can get these things done either in between tenants or when your tenants have an issue so what's our system okay who do we call with what all right so if i know here's my handyman here's my plumber here's my electrician here's my hvac guy and then what's my process for follow-up how do i know that these things got done because one you're gonna upset your tenants if you don't take care of these issues but two small issues turn into really big expenses if they don't get taken care of and a lot of them can be taken care of at a reasonably small cost that could later cost you thousands of dollars the finances all right we all get a little behind we don't document everything like we should but we can catch up man i just got you know a couple of months worth when you have multiple properties a couple of months turns into a couple of weeks of trying to get caught up with all the financing and it's really hard to get yourself caught up stay on top of it if you're doing it yourself great as you start to grow it is my suggestion that you look into someone for the bookkeeping okay why because you send that over to them you can focus on other things that are more productive for you to do and you've got someone who keeps it up to date for all your documentation should you need additional loans for properties should you need to know okay well how much deposit was paid here stay on top of these things and when you can look at outsourcing that so somebody that can help you out this one may very well happen because it happened to me i am guilty turnover okay get multiple properties you've got so much going on okay well these folks moved out they in a different spot in their life they don't need to be here anymore and that property sat for a little bit well i had too much to do well i'm going to get on top of it oh well i had too much to do and now we've sat for a couple of weeks or three or four weeks and that property is vacant it's not making any money you're still paying taxes you're still paying insurance get on top of the turnover what's going to be our system okay when we know some tenants are moving out what's going to be our process for a b c and d so that as soon as they're out we have a process for taking a look at the property inspecting the property we know we've got to get deposits back to these tenants and then how do we get the property turned around and how do we get that property listed so we can get some new folks in there and the last one management and that's not i'm not just talking property management some people like to hire a totally separate property management company or just a smaller you know property manager that manages a few properties some people just like to do it all themselves whatever that is as you grow your portfolio you get more and more properties more and more houses you can't do everything yourself or it's not the best use of your time to do everything yourself and you're not going to do it as as well as you could so start to think about if you've just got one or two properties you can start to put these plans in place now i suggest you start with what do i really not like doing or what is not a very good use of my time for me to be doing this and those are the pieces that you're first going to want to pay someone else to do for me it was taking a ton of time to get properties leased when i was showing the properties it was one of the first things that we paid somebody else to do help do the showings get the properties listed get the property's lease could be something different from you for you now you can start thinking about that when you have one two three properties when you can still do it because guess what you're you're probably gonna make some mistakes putting these systems together and that's not just the management any of them but you can start with them now start implementing them and you can make them better and better and you refine them and then as you're getting to multiple properties you're a long way to having those great systems in place so things you got got to think about make sure you stay on top of your screening your maintenance repairs finances keep an eye on that turnover and look at what you're going to outsource to have somebody else do i hope this helps if we can do anything for you find us on the website sellmysan antoniohouse.com or give us a call 210-201-6644

- 7 Effective Tips for Managing Multiple Off-Market Investments: Kind: captions Language: en When you're diving into the world of off-market properties, it's super important to do your homework before making any moves. We are growthsense.com, your go-to directory for off-market real estate buying and selling. And here are the seven essential steps to maintain a thorough evaluation of these unique opportunities. Number one, start by conducting thorough financial due diligence. Take a good look at all the financial docs related to the property, like rent roles and income statements from the past year or two. This helps you figure out the real financial health of the investment. So, don't just take the seller's word for it. Number two, next, perform comprehensive physical inspections. Hiring professional inspectors is key. They'll check out the property's overall condition, including major systems like plumbing and electrical. Finding hidden issues early on can save you from some nasty surprises down the road. Number three, review legal and title documents carefully. Conduct a title search to ensure there are no leans or incumbrances that could cause headaches later. You don't want to end up with a property that has unresolved legal issues hanging over it. Number four, assess environmental factors that might affect the property. Look for any environmental reports or conduct your own assessments if necessary. Issues like contamination can lead to expensive cleanup costs that could seriously impact your investment. Number five, analyze the local market and neighborhood dynamics. Understanding what's happening in the area, like upcoming developments or amenities, can give you a clearer picture of how property values might trend over time. It's all about keeping an eye on potential growth. Number six, negotiate special clauses if needed. Remember, negotiations aren't just about price. Include contingencies for inspections and financing in your agreements. This can protect you from unexpected problems that might arise during the due diligence process. Number seven, finally, consult experts who know their stuff on it. Real estate agents, attorneys, and financial adviserss can provide valuable insights that help guide your decisions. Their expertise can make a big difference in navigating the complexities of your investment. If you want to explore more about offmarket properties and find unique deals, check out our website at growthsense.com.

- Managing Multiple Properties Tips for Efficiency: Kind: captions Language: en landlords with several rental properties may find focusing on anything besides Property Management a challenge so today we'll review tips for managing multiple properties helpful tools and apps and the benefits of automating management tasks whether you're managing a small number of rentals or a sizable portfolio having a wellth thought out plan is crucial to handling the various day-to-day tasks so here are our tips for effectively managing multiple properties at once track income and expens expenses it's crucial to know how much you're collecting in rent how much you're spending on maintenance and other expenses and ultimately how profitable your rentals are one easy way to do this is with accounting software or spreadsheets to track rent payments utility costs expenses and other Financial transactions related to each property communicate effectively clear communication with your tenants or property managers is key when managing multiple rental properties it's important to be available to respond to tenant inquiries maintenance requests complaints and emergencies in a timely manner so establish effective channels for communication with tenants contractors and team members through tools like email messaging apps or property management software that can streamline regular communication stay organized organization is crucial for successfully managing multiple properties creating a centralized system for storing documents like leases contractor information invoices and property records is essential most modern landlords use property management software to keep track of information on each property ultimately being organized reduces the risk of overlooking crucial details that helps you stay on top of tasks automate marketing and leasing tasks for every property you own you must create a dynamic listing screen tenants collect applications sign leases and collect security deposits all of these tasks can be tricky to manage at once especially when you're a manager for more than one investment property luckily tools like Avail or AppFolio can help streamline these crucial marketing and leasing tasks regularly monitor your properties when you own several rentals it's crucial to prioritize routine inspections and regularly monitor your properties regular walkthroughs can help identify maintenance issues early and ensure the property is safe and secure free from damage theft vandalism fire or water leaks interested in learning more about what's important to investors property managers and tenants well hey there it's Alyssa from Bay Property Management Group just a quick pause in the video as a reminder to hit that subscribe button so you never miss out on the latest videos with new content uploaded weekly we appreciate your support and now back to the video if you're managing multip properties you'll want to explore different management software tools that can help save time and improve efficiency here are some of the top property management apps to help simplify everyday processes buildium is an all-in-one Property Management solution making it great for investors who want to streamline various property management tasks into a single platform it offers lease tracking rent collection accounting and maintenance management for residential and Commercial properties turbo tenant is a property management tool known for its Simplicity and affordability it focuses on tenant screening online rental applications and property marketing making the tenant screening process more efficient AppFolio is another one of the top options for property management and for good reason it's a cloud-based software with Comprehensive features like rent collection maintenance tracking and financial reporting it's also suitable for property managers dealing with diverse property types property wear is a customizable property management software great for landlords or companies looking for security and automation it offers a suite of Property Management tools including lease tracking maintenance management and accounting Avail is a great option for those who want a simple affordable software solution usually geared towards smaller property portfolios it offers features like rent collection lease management and tenant screening managing multiple properties at once is a tall task for individual owners and landlords that's why many busy Property Owners can benefit from Outsourcing management tasks and hiring professional property managers for expert insights on a variety of rental industry topics check back in for weekly video uploads and don't forget to hit the notification Bell for exclusive updates thanks for watching commenting and subscribing we will see you in the next video

- Tips for Managing Multiple Properties Efficiently: A Landlord's Guide: Kind: captions Language: en managing multiple properties can be both rewarding and challenging effective Property Management requires a combination of organizational skills communication prowess and the ability to stay on top of various tasks regularly monitor properties regular property inspections are essential to catch issues early and maintain the condition of your properties don't neglect tenant screening thorough tenant screening can prevent many problems down the road conduct background checks verify employment and check references for all potential tenants hire the best company to help you with property management when the demands of managing multiple properties become overwhelming it might be time to bring in professional help hiring the right property management company can make a significant difference in the efficiency and profitability of your property Investments like share leave a comment and subscribe to our channel for more interesting videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @DMNpropertysolutions: Discover essential tips for managing multiple properties efficiently in this informative video! Learn how to streamline your processes, stay organized, and maximize your property management success.

- How do I report a maintenance problem in public housing?: Kind: captions Language: en you are waiting for the elevator for four men you had gardening king louie chanted ardie elevator is a working hello and report and can spar with in public housing the limit umbertide a the newest the housing for the customer contact center i september dancy and under the sea campaign for alma tube they advertise schedule and an emergency apartment le pair hand extreme online twitter attitude customer contact center here the them trifinance energy' nam lithuaners the best time is a that subscribe brammert and seems like nam becomes in elevators percy gryce collins and there a miyo big pony process vote in this week of mexico world ein to speculate be patient mud so bilbo turn key business hours to watch this video john and everything the client porn and my team logo of nyc that cap

- Trapped in Transition: Maintenance Issues: Kind: captions Language: en I I gained PTSD like cuz like every time I like flick the light on there would be like 15 20 roaches just like scattering for 2 years I almost Associated like every light flick with like roaches that was just my reality the lack of um extermination services and the lack of cleanliness led me to not feel comfortable in the kitchen I didn't food shop there was mice running around on the stove and I had to spend more money out with would eats I didn't feel safe eating in the Supportive Housing unit Brown water was coming out of the bathroom sink so I couldn't brush my teeth there were rodents and they were in the room they were in my bedroom they were in the kitchen the water isn't hot um I'm stuck with cold water which sucks because you know I like to bathe um my daughter likes to bathe too I remember specifically one time one of my my next door neighbor had defecated in a bag and left it in the hallway and it was absolutely disgusting I had a water leak which lasted like four or five days um and it was bad there were times when I had to wear several layers of clothing in addition to my goose down blanket in order to stay somewhat warm in my apartment I've complained about the microwave being broken toilets being flawed it was actually disgusting it felt more like a homeless shelter I should have been treated with more dignity I was a youth coming out of false care I've already dealt with you know things that I've dealt with and I should have came to somewhere calm somewhere where I didn't have to worry about this or about that

- Apartment renovations go unfilled as landlords struggle with New York City's rent stabilization law: Kind: captions Language: en >>> NEARLY HALF OF ALL APARTMENTS IN NEW YORK CITY ARE RENT STABILIZED. THAT'S CAUSING BIG PROBLEMS FOR SOME LENDERS THANKS TO A 2019 LAW THAT MANY DIDN'T THINK OF MUCH AT THE TIME. LESLIE PICKER JOINS US NOW FROM A VERY SPECIAL PLACE I THINK I SEE THERE TO EXPLAIN WHAT THIS IS ALL ABOUT. LESLIE? >> YEAH DAVID. THIS IS WHAT AN APARTMENT CAN LOOK LIKE WHEN A TENANT MOVES OUT OF A RENT STABILIZED APARTMENT AFTER LIVING HERE FOR NEARLY 30 YEARS. AT THE TIME THIS APARTMENT WENT FOR $775 PER MONTH. FOR A FULL YEAR IT SAT VACANT BECAUSE THE LANDLORD SAID IT NEEDS $50,000 WORTH OF RENOVATIONS TO BRING IT UP TO CODE. SINCE 2019, MANY SUCH RENOVATIONS HAVE BEEN UNAFFORDABLE FOR LANDLORDS BECAUSE OF A NEW YORK LAW THAT CAPS RENT STABILIZED INCREASES AT 3%. IN ORDER TO TACKLE AFFORDABILITY IN THE CITY. PROPERTIES HAVE PLUMMETED 06 TO 70% OVER THE LAST FIVE YEARS, A DEGRADATION TRICKLING DOWN TO THE PROPERTY LENDERS, NEW YORK BANK CORP THE POSTER CHILD OF THIS PHENOMENON. THE LANDLORD OF HIS APARTMENT SAYS HE'S GETTING SQUEEZED BECAUSE HIS REVENUE IS DECLINING WITH SOME APARTMENTS NO LONGER INHABITABLE WHILE HIS TAXES AND INSURANCE AND INTEREST RATES ARE GOING UP. >> YOU'RE SEEING FORECLOSURES LEFT AND RIGHT AND BANKS GOING UNDER. SOMETHING MUST BE DONE. THE STATUS QUO IS NOT -- IS NOT TOLERABLE. WE ARE WATCHING OUR BUILDINGS DISINTEGRATE BEFORE OUR EYES. THERE'S NO MONEY TO BE PUT INTO IT. >> A RECENT REPORT BY D.A. DAVIDSON FIND NYCB IS THE MOST EXPOSED AS WELL AS FLUSHING FINANCIAL, NORTHFIELD AND VALLEY NATIONAL. A NEW STUDY, THOUGH, FROM THE CITY COMPTROLLER SAYS THAT THE 2019 LAW HAS NOT LED TO AN INCREASE IN VACANCIES OR DISTRESS AMONG RENT STABILIZED HOUSING. THE CITY SAYS THE NUMBER OF VACANT RENT STABILIZED APARTMENTS UNAVAILABLE TO BE RE

  Top Comments:
  1. @deepashamusic [7 likes]: I’ve remodeled so much in my rent stabilized apartment in Brooklyn, NY, that if I moved out tomorrow, my landlord will profit and not loose. The reason we’ve done things ourselves is that we’re not into the “landlord special” aesthetics 🤪 jokes aside, I’ve seen them rip out original solid wood doors just to install the Home Depot builders grade $100 plastic or whatever material doors because it’s easier and that way remove all the character and charm and essentially, have the place loose value. So, I am not sure why anyone’s surprised to see the in the video shown state of that apartment. Everything needs upgrading and a refresh from time to time. What I’m trying to say is that it’s hard to blame one side. The truth is always in the middle.
  2. @eattherich9215 [6 likes]: 😂😂😂 @0:42, $50,000 to bring the unit up to code.  Yeah, sure.   The landlord will do only what is strictly necesary and then slide by on a cheap and nasty refresh.   Don't believe those slumlords bleating about empty units.  They are getting a tax break that is worth more than bring their property up to date and putting it back into the rental pool.
  3. @JW-dc8hk [4 likes]: The ongoing practice of automatic rent increases for landlords raises critical questions about fairness and sustainability. Unlike regular employees, whose salaries do not rise automatically, landlords benefit from consistent pay increases, often justified by rising costs. However, this justification overlooks the significant profits landlords accrue from their properties, many of which are fully paid off. The focus on costs rather than profits creates a skewed narrative that disregards the economic realities tenants face.

Tenants are paying customers, deserving respect and consideration. While landlords argue that rent stabilization provides value compared to the free market, the reality is that rents in rent-stabilized apartments can still be prohibitively high. A transparent system should be established, assessing rent increases based on both rising costs and landlords’ profit margins.

Moreover, it’s essential to differentiate between larger and smaller landlords, as smaller landlords often face challenges unique to their situations. A collective call for action is needed, urging legislators to draft equitable laws that protect tenants while also considering landlords’ economic realities. This collaborative approach could lead to a more balanced and fair rental market for all.
  4. @danielguglielmo5613 [3 likes]: No one has a clue of basic economics. Rent controls and regulations: inflate non-rent regulated unit rents; restrict supply of apartments; lead to deferred maintenance and poorly maintained buildings; and, housing shortages (i.e. more homelessness). Pile on deadbeat protection laws (i.e. tenants and squatter's rights), and you are left with a housing crisis.

This is the voters' faults for wanting a free lunch and just having "landlords" as constant scape goats. It's not about landlords vs tenants, it's about incentives and a lack of understanding of basic economics by 98% of the population. The resolution will take years, but phasing out rent controls must be part of the solution.

By the way, who at least equally benefits from rent stabilized properties? Affluent people and young white collar workers. It doesn't help the poor.
  5. @gabrieldindayal3629 [1 likes]: So while somebody lived there they didnt update of fix anything.  Maintenance is and on going thing. The law hasx not caused this negligent action cheap landlords and tax law at makes empty apts a good thing for owners.
  6. @vanesslifeygo [1 likes]: the complicated laws and filings you have to do just for a 3% increase are pathetic and no one helps you with it. the laws are complicated on purpose to life hell for landlords.
  7. @Jio5336 [1 likes]: Then sell it . Plenty of people will be willing to buy .
  8. @dixiemerchant1052 [1 likes]: Offer the place at a you fix-you pay decent amount deal.
  9. @gvtrie [1 likes]: Oh, poor landlords... they wont be as rich as they are used to. This is so biased!
  10. @Gio-ue8ps [1 likes]: I’m getting screwed by this. Can’t even evict squatters. This is a pos communist city.
  11. @nessynezzy3464: NO! Their Superintendents, Maintenance, Porters and their selective Residents are sabotaging the Apartments
  12. @trolllurking143: New Yorkers should just stop paying rent and become squatters since squatters have more rights than the owners. Just don’t come to other states. We don’t want you or your votes.
  13. @adrienneberry1764: This situation is sad for all affected.  It may be a good investment for day, an actor or actor as to take on one of these buildings fix it up to present standards,  put each apartment up for ownership.  May take some legalizing but may help many people.
  14. @stuff2008: Rents doubling is causing instability among my employees.  I have lost 17 employees this year because we cannot match the COL increase, and that has in turn ment we lost one of our two governtment contracts.  We are going to have to start a section 8 non profit to house our staff if this keeps up.  We get government contracts that have wider margins than private sector so if we cannot absorb the COL increases then what firm can.
  15. @JosephPhilip-v4y: I believe change ny law of landlord and teanent 
Landlord not getting any support from city or state teanent not paying 1 month to 4years they have job they have expensive car.still they don't  want pay rent still landlord have to pay property tax and late fee etc. People working so hard even don't have time to enjoy with family working for pay mortgage if we don't get rent how we pay of mortgage?if teanent make any complaint  building department  and police bothered landloard.giving ticket and may be endup in arrest. I believe building department check every a to z buildings then give any violations if found and give time to fix like 3 to 6 months and give land lord print out how many violations  etc when they fix with in
 3 to 6month  give them certification  no violations whatever they check mention  that on the certificate then continues do that every five year then found any violations  2nd time give  them double  fine.now food coast ,taxi charge,hotel room,utility bill,water bill,cardelears,constraction people ,auto mechanic  etc  they charge price whatever they want .city or state no control over them. our salary not going up how people live?then people work two job for cover up the daily expenses ., property and property tax also going up every year
  16. @divineangelic2727: Being a RS tenant . I would go 
for whichever the COLA is 
I could agreed upon that 
percentage of rent increase.
  17. @Jimfromearthoo7: What did the LL do
in the 30 years?
Probably nothing.
That’s one reason why
it needs so much up
grading. I’ve been 
in my apartment for 32
years and the only thing
I received was a new frig.
Never a paint job. The 
linoleum I had replaced
myself. 
The building was build 
in 1930 and most of
looks it. Except for the 
frig and oven thank god.
Don’t let them give you
that sob story,🥲
  18. @rubygreta1: Last line reflects the massive vacancies caused by Covid in 2021. The comptroller is a socialist hack. Now compare the number of vacancies before the law was passed in 2019, and the number of vacancies today. It would be SHOCKING.
  19. @jackbraddell1124: Love it
  20. @jackbraddell1124: More mismanagement ???

- New York City Housing Crisis and Affordability explained, why it IS happening: Kind: captions Language: en So, New York City is back in the news for various reasons. But today, we're going to be talking about something affecting everyone living there today. Thousands of apartments are sitting empty despite a desperate housing crisis that's making housing affordability a pipe dream for many. Why are these units vacant when the city is starving for affordable housing? And the answer lies in a controversial 2019 law that reshaped the rental landscape. So, buckle up as we unpack the Housing Stability and Tenant Protection Act and it surprising side effects. [Music] New York City is in the grip of a housing crisis. In 2023, the city's vacancy rate hit a record low of 1.4%, meaning that there are barely any apartments available. For context, a healthy vacancy rate is around 5 to 8%. This scarcity drives up prices, making housing affordability in a massive challenge for the city. So, the medium rent in Manhattan is over $4,000 a month. And even in outer burrows, you're lucky to find a one-bedroom under $2,500. For many New Yorkers, affordable housing, especially rentstabilized apartments, is the only thing keeping them in the city. But here's the kicker. An estimated 26,000 to 43,000 rentstabilized apartments, are sitting empty. They're locked away from tenants who desperately need them. And why? It all comes back to the Housing Stability and Tenant Protection Act of 2019, or the HSTPA for short. So this was passed in June 14th, 2019. The HSTPA was a gamecher for tenant protections in New York, but it was designed to preserve affordable housing by strengthening rent stabilization, which covers about a 1 million apartments in the city, roughly half of all the rentals. But before 2019, landlords could deregulate apartments if the rent hit a certain threshold, like 2700 or say $2,774 when a tenant moved out. But they could also raise rents by up to 20% during vacancies and charge market rates after renovations. The HSTPA said no more. It eliminated vacancy deontrol, meaning once an apartment is rent stabilized, it stays that way forever unless the law is of course repealed. It also cap rent increases for renovations at $15,000 spread out over 15 years. And these they scrap the vacancy bonuses as well. But the goal was to keep affordable housing affordable and stop tenants from being priced out. Sounds great, right? Here's where things get messy. HSTPA, while a win for tenants, has created unintended consequences that are worsening the housing crisis. But according to the 2023 housing and vacancy survey, about 26,000 rentstabilized apartments were vacant, but unavailable for rent in 2022, down from 43,000 units in 2021. But some estimates on platforms like X even claim up to 100,000 units are off the market. So why are these apartments collecting dust? It comes down to the economics and landlord incentives or the lack of. So first, many of these vacant units, especially in older buildings, they need serious repairs. Think collapsing ceilings, busted plumbing, or an ancient electrical system. Before 2019, landlords could renovate, raise the rent significantly, and even deregulate the unit. But now, with a $15,000 cap on renovations, they can only add about $83 to $89 a month to the rent, which doesn't cover the cost of major upgrades. In some cases, rents are so low, like $737 a month for a long-term stabilized unit, the landlords say they're losing money just keeping the building running. With a rising cost for maintenance, taxes, and insurance, many are choosing to leave the units empty rather than sink cash into unprofitable apartments. Now, this brings us to the term you hear a lot, which is warehousing. Landlords are reportedly holding apartments vacant, hoping for a change in the law or a chance to combine units into larger market rate apartments. For example, some are applying for demolition permits to bypass rent stabilation entirely. Others are just sitting on vacant units, betting that the political pendulum will swing back in their favor. The Real Estate Board of New York and groups like the Community Housing Improvement Program argue that the HSTPA has made it impossible to maintain affordable housing without losing money. They point to 2023 study showing 25% of pre974 buildings, mostly rent stabilized, are in financial distress. Some landlords have even sold their buildings at a loss, like the Rosedale management, which offloaded 10 of its 13 properties because repairs were too costly under the new rules. On the flip side, tenant advocates say landlords are crying wolf. They argue that the HSTPA is a lifeline for housing affordability, preventing thousands of apartments from being deregulated and keeping tenants in their homes. Before 2019, about 10,000 units were deregulated each year. Now, it's closer to about 5,000. They claim landlords are de are deliberately keeping units vacant as a pressure tactic to force lawmakers to roll back the law. For tenants, rent stabilization is the often the only thing standing between them and eviction in a city where housing crisis is relentless. Advocates say the real issue isn't the law, but the aging housing stock and the landlord's unwillingness to invest in maintenance without sky-high profits. So, where does this leave us? Okay, New York's housing crisis is worse than ever. And these empty apartments are a symptom of a deeper problem. While the HSTPA protects tenants, it also tied up thousands of units that could house people in need of affordable housing. But in April 2024, Governor Kathy Hokll signed amendments to the HSTPA making renovation related rent increases permanent again and allowing courts to consider the landlord's cost when judging unreasonable rent hikes. So, will this bring more units back online? And it's too early to tell, but it's a step towards balancing tening tenants protections with the reality of maintaining older buildings. Meanwhile, the debate rages on with landlords and tenants at odds over how to solve the housing crisis without sacrificing housing affordability. As we ramp up, one thing is clear. New York City's housing crisis is a tangled mess. And the 2019 rent law has both helped and hurt. It's preserved affordable housing for many, but left thousands of apartments empty. and they're caught in a standoff between landlords and the law. The path forward will require creative solutions to balance tenant rights with the economic realities of maintaining affordable housing. But what do you think? Are you seeing this? Do you live in New York City? Do you live around New York City? What are you seeing right now? Should the law be tweaked or is it is it made as intended? Oh yeah. What they hide what they write? Who decides? We didn't need cut fruit of disguise.

  Top Comments:
  1. @WinonaRasco [40 likes]: I suggest you offset your house market and get into stocks, A recession as bad it can be, provides good buying opportunities in the markets if you’re careful and it can also create volatility giving great short time buy and sell opportunities too. This is not financial advise but get buying, cash isn’t king at all in this time!
  2. @MelodyThompson-q6j [1 likes]: From fraud too raising taxes and all other types of crimes against New Yorkers
  3. @NotBen101 [1 likes]: Some of this is true but there was tax abatement programs given to landlords in the past to renovate their buildings. However the tax abatements end up getting transferred to large real estate companies
  4. @adilynnwalker5475 [1 likes]: Interesting story, rent is high!
  5. @mnnblackpoemology4661: 1.22.26:  All the time . . .

For 18 years my building/shareholder's claimed I was $18,000 in ARREARS . . . 18 years!

I went to Housing Court with my bank statements, receipts, money orders going back 20+ years . . . and, EXCEL spreadsheets for 20+ years . . .

They missed court dates, and when they did appear before the BENCH, they had no RENT HISTORY . . .

Eventually, I won my case, and the JUDGEMENT was 1-year free maintenance.

A year later, I had moved out and purchased another apartment.

NYC housing is corrupt.  They are always twlking about AFFORDABLE HOUSING, when many buildings having "GHOSTS UNIT."

The Mayor's office,  and HPD . . . all administrations since DINKENS just ignore all these horror stories . . . going on 30+ years!!!

During the 80s, a CO-OP TIL' PROGRAM was created.  Buildings that were poorly managed by landlords, were taken by the CITY, converted into CO-OPs.  Each tenant were requested to pay only $250.00 for their apartments, and the only ruling was to take classes on how to run a Co-op!

30+ years later . . . corruption still exist.

For example:

1.  Boards do not hold regular meetings with their Shareholders;

2.  FUNDS go missing; nor are records disclosed to shareholdes;

3.  BOD hold positions for years;

4.  Shareholder's Cert. are not updated with County Clerks;

5.  Original tenants/turned shareholders, mostly have "passed away," and who knows whose names are on the Share Cert., 30+ years later.

7.  Co-ops are being sublet.

8.  Some Co-op units are used as storage units, instead of being sold (now market rate), or rented out.

HDFC buildings such as:

1867 7th Avenue (Harlem)
400 West 148th Street (Harlem)
& 163 Lefferts Place (Brooklyn)

Again, all of this isn't under investigation by the Governor, Mayors, Housing Court and HPD for over 30+ years!!!

Curently, I live in a Mitchell-Llama Co-op, on my floor, alone, there are four vacant units (one since April 2020), on another floor there are nine vacant units.

This is NYC housing . . .

Yet, THEY went to talk about ehat they are doing to solve HOMELESSNESS, changing then name to "UNHOUSED" doesn't change a d;&: thing!!!

- NYCHA-related complaints to Dept. of Investigation have nearly doubled over last few years: Kind: captions Language: en FORGET. NYCHA RELATED COMPLAINTS TO THE CITY'S DEPARTMENT OF INVESTIGATION HAVE NEARLY DOUBLED OVER THE LAST FEW YEARS, AND MANY OF THOSE COMPLAINTS ARE RELATED TO HOUSING FRAUD, WHICH THE CITY SAYS IT IS WORKING TO COMBAT. BUT SOME TENANTS TELL INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER TIM MCNICHOLAS THEY ARE FED UP. >> WE'RE DOING A WHOLE SPREAD. >> FROM PLANNING THANKSGIVING FEAST TO TAKING DOWN THE HALLOWEEN DECORATIONS. >> SEE SOMETHING? >> CARMEN QUINONES STAYS BUSY HELPING HER NEIGHBORS AT THE FREDERICK DOUGLASS HOUSES. >> YOU WANT SOME MILK? YEAH. YOU NEED MILK. >> QUINONES LEADS THE TENANTS ASSOCIATION AT THE UPPER WEST SIDE. NYCHA COMPLEX. BUT LATELY, SHE AND HER NEIGHBORS SAY THEY'RE ALSO CONCERNED ABOUT PEOPLE WHO AREN'T LISTED AS TENANTS. >> IT'S DONE ALL THE TIME. YOU KNOW. THERE'S PEOPLE LIVING IN THESE APARTMENTS THAT HAVE NO BUSINESS LIVING IN THESE APARTMENTS. THEY HAVE 5 OR 6 PEOPLE THAT DON'T BELONG HERE. >> DO YOU EVER HEAR OF THAT HAPPENING HERE? >> YES. >> HOW OFTEN DO YOU HEAR ABOUT THAT? >> A LOT. >> THE CITY'S DEPARTMENT OF INVESTIGATION HEARS ABOUT A TWO. AND IN 2023, IT DETERMINED A DOUGLAS HOUSE TENANT WAS SUBLETTING HER $144 UNIT FOR $1,500 PER MONTH. THE DEPARTMENT REFERRED THE CASE TO THE MANHATTAN DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE. INVESTIGATORS SAY THE TENANT ACTUALLY LIVED IN BROOKLYN WITH HER BOYFRIEND. >> THEY GO WHEREVER. THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS, THE SHORTAGE IN HOUSING IS BAD. >> PEOPLE SQUAT. PEOPLE TRAP. PLENTY OF TIMES. >> WE FILED A PUBLIC RECORDS REQUEST AND FOUND THE DEPARTMENT OF INVESTIGATION CATCHES BETWEEN 60 AND 70 TENANTS COMMITTING VARIOUS TYPES OF HOUSING FRAUD PER YEAR ACROSS THE CITY. CASES IN THE LAST FEW YEARS INCLUDE NYCHA LEASEHOLDERS LIVING ELSEWHERE. AS FAR AS TEXAS, AND PEOPLE WHO LIVED IN NYCHA HOMES, BUT UNDERREPORTED THEIR INCOME BY TENS OF THOUSANDS. EVEN A MAN WHO MOVED IN WITH HIS GIRLFRIEND IN A NIKE UNIT WITHOUT REPORTING THE MOVE OR HIS SALARY AS A NYCHA EMPLOYEE AT THE TIME, WHICH WOULD HAVE DRASTICALLY INCREASED THE RENT. HOW BIG OF A PROBLEM IS THIS IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK? >> WELL, IT'S CERTAINLY A PRIORITY FOR US. ANY TIME THERE'S AN APARTMENT THAT ISN'T BEING, YOU KNOW, ISN'T BEING USED. >> DEPARTMENT OF INVESTIGATION. COMMISSIONER JOCELYN STRAUBER SAYS WHILE THE VAST MAJORITY OF NYCHA TENANTS FOLLOW THE RULES, IT'S IMPORTANT TO CATCH THOSE WHO DON'T. >> TO ENSURE THAT YOU KNOW THE PROGRAM IS SERVING THE RIGHT PEOPLE, WE WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT IF IT'S BEING ABUSED, THAT'S SOMETHING THAT WE'RE TARGETING. >> NYCHA RELATED COMPLAINTS TO STRAWBERRY'S OFFICE, WHICH INCLUDE NOT JUST HOUSING FRAUD, BUT EMPLOYEE MISCONDUCT, BRIBERY AND VARIOUS TYPES OF CORRUPTION, HAVE INCREASED FROM 1700. IN 2022 TO 2520 23 TO 3300 LAST YEAR. SHE SAYS HOUSING FRAUD CAN BE DIFFICULT TO PROVE, BUT WHEN IT IS PROVEN, HER OFFICE TRIES TO RECOVER THE LOST MONEY BY REFERRING THE CASES TO PROSECUTORS OR ENTERING INTO REPAYMENT AGREEMENTS WITH TENANTS. IN THE LAST FIVE YEARS, STRAWBERRY SAYS, THOSE METHODS HAVE HELPED RECOVER $1.5 MILLION. >> SO THAT'S A CONCRETE, YOU KNOW, AND VERY POSITIVE RESULT FOR THE CITY. >> HOW ARE YOU DOING? OKAY, GOOD. >> BUT TENANTS AT THE DOUGLASS HOUSES STILL SAY WITH SUCH A DIRE AFFORDABLE HOUSING SHORTAGE, MORE NEEDS TO BE DONE. >> THEY'RE CATCHING IT. BUT LIKE I SAID, OUT OF 700, IF THEY CATCH TEN, THEY THINK IT'S SOMETHING GREAT. MEANWHILE, IT'S JUST A PENNY OUT OF THE BUCKET. >> NYCHA WOULD NOT AGREE TO AN INTERVIEW, BUT A SPOKESPERSON TELLS US THE AGENCY HAS ZERO TOLERANCE FOR HOUSING FRAUD AS IT'S NOT ONLY A CRIME, BUT STRAINED RESOURCES CREATE SAFETY CONCERNS AND REDUCES ACCESS FOR ELIGIBLE FAMILIES. ON NIKE'S WAITLIST. THE HOUSING AUTHORITY SAYS IT WORKS WITH STRAWBERRY'S OFFICE AND OTHER AGENCIES TO CATCH PEOPLE COMMITTING FRAUD AND GET THEM OUT OF NYCHA HOUSING. CHRISTINE. >> TIM, IS THERE ANYTHING THAT RESIDENTS CAN DO TO HELP PREVENT THIS FROM HAPPENING? >> SO GREAT QUESTION. THE DEPARTMENT OF INVESTIGATION SAYS THE NUMBER ONE THING THAT TENANTS CAN DO IS REPORT SUSPECTED FRAUD TO THE CITY. >> OKAY, TIM, THANK YOU FOR MAKING US AWARE. AND IF YOU HAVE A STORY FOR

  Top Comments:
  1. @MichaelMunch-x3o [12 likes]: I'm glad NYCHA rejected my application because I would be livid and frustrated if I had to live in those conditions. Thank God I dodged a bullet
  2. @jdawgfytb [7 likes]: 3 generations living there lmaooooo
  3. @kingpharoh5557 [6 likes]: Let poor people fight over scraps and they will never recognize the true enemy.
  4. @thehotroc1 [5 likes]: Snitching?!?
  5. @kevenbatista9598 [5 likes]: Build more nycha or make rent affordable this won’t happen
  6. @RonG-rx2lj [4 likes]: Start by investigating all the tenants with luxury cars parked in NYCHA parking lots.  😉
  7. @OBITOMAJIN [3 likes]: Well damn subletting public housing 😂😂 that’s different!
  8. @wutta-do5zy [2 likes]: This all goes back to TRUMP
  9. @djxcel23 [2 likes]: The buildings are old. The years of rain that sits on top of the roof and  seeps into the building is breaking the building apart. There is no where for the water to go, that brings mold , mosquitoes & everything else. They would have to move the people out , gut the building and replace everything
  10. @bettyboo6831 [1 likes]: This asbestos abatement is killing the tenants in NYCHA.  I'm sure city officials knew that for decades.  #classaction 😮
  11. @Pworld44 [1 likes]: The housing organization is a scam it self 🤷🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
  12. @michaelanthony5509: Just past 3 NYCHA grounds keepers sitting on a bench, in iniform getting high on break.  You think they care about your quality of life?
  13. @josenunez6552: I'm a Landlord in New York , reported a case of fraud and the section 8  investigator called the tenant that is committing fraud and to let her know that i reported her. I told him that i had photos and videos and he said that it was not enough evidence. She has her husband and her mother living in the house .NYCHA is part of the fraud.
  14. @RoyalBengalKing: Where do I report voucher holder renting their unit out? I have upstairs tenants who have been renting their unit out to new people every 2 months
  15. @QueenNecia: Talking about fraud & she has stolen a lot of money & used it for her own needs…. this woman cannot & should not be running for tenant association. She does nothing for the community
  16. @BeautyLove-w9f: They snitching, and soon they will be checking all of their apartments periodically. 😂  The government ain't playing! The residents think the have home ownership.  They stay generation after generation restricting their income, hiding it etc. So they never have to leave the subsidized way of life.
  17. @Anukin_NY_Walker: NYC has a big fraud and scamming problem
  18. @drezarom3627: so unfair
  19. @kurrysmoke6842: LOCK THEM UP
  20. @PEOll-IBMRhodesScholarGraduate: 😒My deeded lands under career criminal management.🙄MegaloDON Paul Emile Oliver II USMCIA008 EDNY Bankruptcy Court/New Federal Reserve Bank of Athens, North Carolina Trust

- Managing Stress: Good for Your Health: Kind: captions Language: en WE ALL KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE TO FEEL STRESSED, AND WE ALL DEAL WITH IT DIFFERENTLY, BUT HOW MUCH STRESS IS TOO MUCH? YOUR BODY WILL LET YOU KNOW WHEN YOU'RE OVERSTRESSED, WITH MUSCLE TENSION, SWEATY PALMS, OR DIFFICULTY SLEEPING. YOU MIGHT FEEL WORRIED, FEARFUL, FATIGUED, IRRITABLE, OR HAVE A HARD TIME CONCENTRATING. THESE CAN BE THE SIGNS OF STRESS, BUT THE CONSEQUENCES CAN BE MUCH LARGER, BOTH ON YOUR LIFE AND THOSE AROUND YOU. THE SOLUTION IS TO KEEP YOUR STRESS UNDER CONTROL WITH STRESS MANAGEMENT SKILLS. MIKE WENT THROUGH A PERIOD OF HIGH STRESS. HE WAS LAID OFF FROM HIS JOB AND RUNNING OUT OF SAVINGS. THE FINANCIAL STRAIN WAS KEEPING HIM UP AT NIGHT. HE WAS IRRITABLE AND TENSE, AND EVEN HAD DIGESTIVE PROBLEMS. AT THE VA, MIKE GOT HELP FINDING WAYS TO MANAGE HIS STRESS, SUCH AS THINKING DIFFERENTLY ABOUT HIS PROBLEMS AND MAKING TIME FOR HOBBIES AND ACTIVITIES LIKE WALKING HIS DOG. THE PHYSICAL ACTIVITY HELPED MIKE RELAX AND BE MINDFUL OF HIS STRESS, AND HE LEARNED SOME NEW PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS. HE FOCUSED ON POTENTIAL SOLUTIONS, AND NOT JUST THE PROBLEMS, EVEN PROGRESS, LIKE VISUALIZING HIMSELF STARTING A NEW JOB. GETTING EXERCISE AND THINKING POSITIVELY HELPED MIKE GET BACK INTO THE JOB MARKET. FINDING WAYS TO PHYSICALLY RELAX CAN BE EXTREMELY HELPFUL. JOE WAS FEELING DETACHED FROM HIS GRANDKIDS, AS HIS ACHES AND PAINS WERE KEEPING HIM FROM KEEPING UP. BUT SINCE HE TOOK RELAXATION CLASSES AT HIS VA AND STARTED DOING LIGHT PHYSICAL ACTIVITY AT HOME, JOE HAS FOUND THAT HE FEELS BETTER, BOTH PHYSICALLY AND EMOTIONALLY, AND IS ABLE TO ENJOY MORE TIME WITH HIS FAMILY. RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS-- WE'VE ALL HAD THEM. GEORGE AND VICKIE'S RELATIONSHIP WAS SUFFERING DUE TO TIME-MANAGEMENT- RELATED STRESSES-- WORKING LATE, ARGUING OVER WHO WOULD PICK UP THE KIDS, AND SPENDING THEIR ONLY TIME TOGETHER IN SILENCE. TIME CONSTRAINTS LED THE JOHNSONS TO STOP COOKING MEALS, AND THEIR NEW FAST-FOOD DIET TOOK ITS TOLL ON THEIR WALLETS AND THEIR WAISTS. THE JOHNSONS TOOK A STRESS-MANAGEMENT CLASS AT THE VA AND LEARNED THAT MAKING A PLAN-- AND STICKING TO IT-- COULD EASE THEIR STRESS. THEY USED PROBLEM-SOLVING SKILLS TO DETERMINE WHO WOULD PICK UP THE KIDS AND MAKE DINNER ON WHICH DAYS, AND IN THE PROCESS THEY MADE TIME TO GO ON WALKS TOGETHER. THEY LEARNED NO MATTER HOW CHALLENGING LIFE BECOMES, HELP IS AVAILABLE. TO LEARN MORE ABOUT HOW TO MANAGE STRESS, TALK WITH YOUR HEALTH CARE PROVIDER OR VISIT WWW.PREVENTION.VA.GOV. VA HEALTHCARE IS DEFINING EXCELLENCE IN THE 21st CENTURY.

- Feeling Overwhelmed With Work? Simple Tips To Reduce Work Stress.: Kind: captions Language: en are you feeling buried under a mountain of tasks and deadlines are you struggling to catch your breath in the Relentless Whirlwind of work demands if you're feeling overwhelmed with work you're not alone in this episode of calmly coping we'll dive deep into the challenges of work overload and the toll that it can have on your well-being I'll be giving you a pep talk to help you regain your footing find balance and carve out a sense of calm amidst the chaos so if you're ready to break free from the grip of work overwhelm and reclaim your peace of mind tune in and let's get started welcome to C coping and welcome back if you are a returning listener my name is tati Garcia and I'm a licensed therapist and Coach specializing in high functioning anxiety I help high Achievers stop putting themselves last so they can feel calm balanced and confident from within if this topic interests you then please like subscribe and hit the notification Bell so you'll be notified every time I release a new episode thank you so much for tuning in feel feeling overwhelmed it's that feeling of being buried swamped inundated with tasks feeling like you can't even breathe and you don't know where to go next you don't know how to escape because often times there feels like there is no escape the reality is that 64% of Americans feel stressed at work and employees who feel overwhelmed with work are 33% less productive than those who are not overwhelmed it's like trying to juggle too many balls at once feeling like if you drop just one then they're all going to fall your arms are tired from the effort and the fear of failure looms overhead like a storm cloud threatening to burst at any moment that's how it can feel when you're overwhelmed and it can be really uncomfortable and really stressful and anxiety-provoking and as well as make you feel helpless and I want to help you to get out of that place because just because you're feeling overwhelmed Now does not mean that you're going to feel that way forever and there are things that you can do to get out of this feeling so that you can feel more present and so that you can be more intentional with the actions you take towards the things that you're working on so work overwhelm can come from many different sources it can come from heavy workloads tight deadlines having high expectations either put upon you by yourself and or by others having unclear expectations as to what it is that you're supposed to be doing or experiencing challenging work Dynamics with your colleagues so these are just a few of the sources of work overwhelm and it can feel sometimes like it is all-encompassing because work tends to constitute a big part of our lives so first let's talk about things that you can do when it comes to your mindset and your emotions to help to clear out this overwhelm so I have a calm balanced and confident framework and that's what we're going to be using and approaching and using different bits and pieces from that framework in order to help you to tackle this overwhelm so when it comes to the calm what can help is practicing emotional awareness becoming more aware of how you're feeling because just labeling and naming your emotion can help to deactivate how strong that feels for you so whether that is I'm feeling overwhelmed or whether there's more going on there maybe it is I'm afraid of failing maybe it is I am feeling frustrated with everything that's being put on my plate maybe it's I'm feeling resentful towards my employer whatever is going on there see if you can name all the emotions that are coming up for you right now it can take only a few seconds but it can be something that's very powerful and can also help to increase your emotional awareness and intelligence over time which will allow you to cope with stress better in the future so there are also different stress reduction techniques that you can use this may be something that you have heard a million times again and again but sometimes taking a deep breath can really help you to deactivate some of that stress that you're experiencing especially when it comes to feeling anxious we often tend to breathe into our chest and those shallow breaths just reinforce the stress the anxiety that you might be feeling and when you can breathe all the way into your belly that's actually activating your body's parasympathetic nervous system which is the relaxation response so if you can set a timer for 3 minutes and be sure to if it helps put your hands on your belly and take a deep breath in through your nose and feel that belly rise as you do that and then exhale through your mouth and let it out and you should feel your belly fall practicing this for a few breaths can really help you and if you're able to do it right now while you are listening to or watching this it can help to decrease those stress levels that you're feeling simultaneously with this or an alternative to this can be to release any physical tension you notice in your body we tend to carry emotions and especially stress in our body as physical tension so if you notice are your shoulders up to your ears is your neck tight is your back tight do you feel tension in your lower back or your hips or your jaw or behind your eyes wherever it is see if you can tune into this and release any of that tension that you notice building up just taking a few seconds to do something like that can seem minor but it can help to reduce that stress from continually building up and tightening up over the day which is just going to reinforce that feeling of overwhelm that you're experiencing so anything you can do to release let go of any of that physical tension this can also be a mental reminder for your brain when you're changing your physiology within your body to okay can we let go of any of the excess stress or pressure that we are holding on to so those are some physical things that you can do to reduce stress that can be done anywhere anytime now let's talk about the mindset shifts that can help because when it comes to your mindset the way that you think about things that can have a powerful influence on the way that you feel so first it can help to ask yourself what do I have control over right now and sometimes it can help to actually list out what's on your mind what's going on and what of the things that you're listing at do you actually have control over can you actually take action on when I'm feeling overwhelmed this is often my go to I will grab my journal and I will write down okay what's on my plate right now what is going on what's going through my mind and writing it down can help to give you some clarity as to what's going on and then give you some Focus as to what is the next step that you want to take so doing kind of like a brain dump and then shifting your mindset to see okay is this all something that needs to be done today are these things that I even have control over when it comes to the things that you do do not have control over see if it's possible to let go of those things or maybe to work through how you're feeling about those things if it's things that are really bothering you and maybe you can write through or Journal through those things and then focus on what do I have control over right now if there's something that you have been putting off procrastinating delaying and it's really eating at you sometimes it can help to just check that thing off get that thing done to relieve some of that stress that you might be feeling especially if it's something that might take 20 minutes or less it can be worth it to get that thing done and check it off of your list because that can help to get you out of that place of feeling like it's hanging over your head you may not necessarily want to do this for everything but especially if there are these things that kind of have been looming over you and you've found yourself in a place of continually putting those things off this kind of brings me to the idea of prioritizing and this can be another way of Shifting things when it comes to that balance piece that I spoke about when you want to maintain balance part of that is looking at and seeing okay you cannot do everything right now but what is a priority right now what is the most important thing if whether it's something that is time sensitive or whether it is something that is important or urgent those are the things that you want to focus on and see if you can get those other things off of your list or potentially ask for help is it possible for you to delegate is it possible for you to ask for support from a colleague is it possible for you to discuss things with your supervisor and be realistic and say this is the time that I have available for these tasks within this time I can prioritize this and I only have time for one or two things what is the priority right now what should I be focusing on this can also help if you're in that place like I mentioned before of lacking Clarity when it comes to work or lacking dire direction if you can be upfront with whoever it is that you're working for or if you're working for yourself even ask yourself these questions what is the priority what is the thing that is most important for me to be spending my time on this is something that I often do in my business as somebody who is self-employed with two businesses I have tons of things that I want to be doing and that I could be doing the reality is that I don't have the time to do them all and so I will often if there is something I want to do that maybe I schedule it for the next month or 2 months from now or even later on in the year if I know that right now my priority is something else and I just don't have the time to focus on that thing it doesn't mean that it's completely off my list and I'm going to forget about it but I put it somewhere in my planning system so that I know this is something that's important that I want to return to but the reality is I'm only one person and I can't focus on this right now another way that you can shift your mindset is to ask yourself what is the worst that could happen happen if I don't get to all of these things often times we are fearing these catastrophic consequences losing your job something terrible happening or whatever that worst case imagined scenario is for you when the reality is that you can handle much more than you give yourself credit for and I promise that the circumstances are not as bad as you make them out to be and especially if you're somebody who's listening to this episode you may be somebody who is ambitious and high achieving and if that's the case I'm guessing that you're not the kind of person who just lets things go and doesn't do their responsibilities or fulfill the things they have to do and sometimes we can feel like we need to go 150% when in reality doing 100% is absolutely sufficient and enough and another way to think about this is to ask yourself what if things go well what if I'm able to prioritize things focus on what needs to happen and I do an excellent job and you know another way to look at this is that sometimes when we are spread too thin that makes it hard to make progress in any direction whereas if we can dwindle down or simplify our focus and clarify that to just a few things at one time or even better just one thing at one time and I don't mean literally at one time but like focus on a few projects at one time then that will allow you to actually make more progress forward in the long run when you can simplify your focus rather than feeling like you are spread in a million directions I'm going to keep going back to prioritizing that can be super powerful not just for helping to reduce overwhelm but also for helping to reduce your amount of productivity and the quality of your work that you're putting into things also when it comes to your mindset reminding yourself that you are allowed to rest you are allowed to take time for yourself you are allowed to reassess the way that you can spend your time because whether you work for somebody else you work for yourself you're a freelancer whatever it is you deserve and need to take time for yourself to rest and if you're constantly in a state of overwhelm then that is not helping anybody and so it's important for you to take a step back and sometimes taking a step back can help to give you the renewed fresh perspective that you need to approach things more intentionally rather than being kind of stuck in the weeds and feeling like everything is a fire that needs to be put out when in reality when we can step away and realize that not everything's going to fall apart when we step away especially if we have the proper systems and delegations set up to keep things running whenever necessary when we do step away then you can realize that you can see the bigger picture of things and realize what is the most important thing for you to focus on and ultimately above all when you're in a place of feeling overwhelmed self-compassion is key this is the act of being kind to yourself and speaking to yourself like you would to a friend remember that this feeling won't last forever and there are steps that you can take to get get out of this place and if you're feeling overwhelmed right now know that you're not alone it's okay to feel this way we all struggle with this from time to time I know I personally do and when you can have the tools and know what to do or even just keep this episode saved for when you're feeling overwhelmed with work so you can revisit it as a a reminder that can be really powerful and help you to take actionable steps towards getting out of that place rather than feeling stuck and drowning and getting deeper into that whole if you're looking for more support to help you to create work life balance and feel calmer from within as a high achieving professional I have a free training for you it is a simple to the point 45 minute training with practical actionable steps that you can take to help you to create more balance in your life so you can stop feeling overwhelmed all the time you can learn more and sign up for this free training by going to Cly coping.saw check out these episodes here thank you so much for tuning in today and until next time be calm

  Top Comments:
  1. @timglover5653 [101 likes]: Leaving my job would help me with this problem.
  2. @rosecoon1791 [17 likes]: The stress/overwhelm is a bit tricky for nurses. Cause ‘have to’ I really means ‘have to’ and deadlines are not just suggested time frames. It’s pure craziness.
  3. @TFL489 [9 likes]: Oh boy here I am sitting with a task to read 10 articles explain them all give 3 details on how it's clear, accurate, credible, logical and there claim all due today.....this is going to suck but I'm going to try
  4. @mewimi [6 likes]: There is only so much self help book crap will work.  At some point you have to look at your shitty job as just being a shitty job and you should just find a better place to work.
  5. @SunflowerHeart1 [6 likes]: I have literally every single thing you mentioned going on! No wonder I feel overwhelmed
  6. @anirudh7065 [4 likes]: I was in internship working after 1 week i was so burned out i dont want to do coding anymore i am tired of the field , tired of the pressure, and in coding itself after 3 years of coding feeling its not for me
  7. @leab.2916 [3 likes]: Thanks for the help, but the job is  made fore more than one person, so in order to get everything done, I need to take my evenings, my nights, and my wk. And this is what drains me.
  8. @hienienguyen6766 [3 likes]: Yes it's a lot on my plate I need to block off hours to myself and find timd to do something I enjoy
  9. @BlakeCooper-u3q1e [2 likes]: This hits so hard as a freelance developer, I was literally working 14-hour days until I found CS Outsource and started delegating some of my overflow projects to their team. Game changer for my sanity and actually allowed me to focus on the high-value work that moves the needle. Thanks for the reminder that we don't have to do everything ourselves!
  10. @biancaguardiola3862 [1 likes]: I have no self compassion and no friends!
  11. @STFUNETWORK604 [1 likes]: thanks boo <3
  12. @marioncamloz834 [1 likes]: Thank you for this vidéo. It is helping me White i replace someone at work
  13. @Xiaomochi: I am a university student, it's brutal here the professors are very strict and unkind they give exams after exams and too much material to cover in a short amount of time it literally feels suffocating and it made my anxiety so bad. I can't sleep, eat properly due to too much workload and exam and my back hurts and sometimes it feels like i am having a heart attack.
  14. @aliciaw.6754: What to do when you are stuck at your employer because of your pension and can’t change position because all positions that open up are given to someone’s friend? There is constant turnover (team of 11 and they never stay longer than 2 years) and management doesn’t do anything to correct the turnover. I am constantly onboarding and training new staff and answering their questions only for them to leave once they are trained and then we start all over. Meanwhile I have my own work to do that gets pushed aside because management constantly sends me fires that they don’t know how to put out (including the turnover). Management doesn’t allow me to prioritize my work, they make me drop what I am working on to do things for them regardless of overall priority. I am dying and can’t get out.
  15. @RebeccaTurner-kf8gx: I have desxlia and tremors in my hands that I’ve had since 2004 I’ve lost 3 jobs because of this it’s so stressful living like this what should I do any advice be great because I want to work and be successful and I’m smart when it comes to history and old movies and stuff I know I can become successful look at jfk Orlando bloom and Kera knightly they have desxlia and was is popular
  16. @rochellesilva6696: Thank you ❤
  17. @creepcraddle: fuck work fuck corporations fuck America
  18. @BethDensmore: Thank you so much ❤
  19. @craigreeves715: Never work for Subway This is happening to me, help, shes making me help every customer at subway and do all the dishes and make all the bread, im so sick of being used, I can't run a marathon in almost 40, why do I need to help every single customer? Why cant my boss help a little so I can get dishes done,  but nope, its all up to me, I worked 9 hours no break, no bathroom break, no drink, couldn't get off the line!!!!
  20. @prámoz: Indeed, worthfull. Thank you so much❤

- Tools for Managing Stress & Anxiety | Huberman Lab Essentials: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to hubman Labb Essentials where we revisit past episodes for the most potent and actionable science-based tools for mental health physical health and performance I'm Andrew huberman and I'm a professor of neurobiology and Opthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine today's episode is going to be all about the science of emotions and today we're going to talk in particular about something that most often is called stress now you might be thinking wait stress isn't an emotion but stress really lies at the heart of whether or not our internal experience is matched well or not to our external experience or the events that are happening to us and around us and as you'll soon see those converge or combine to create what we call emotions I'd like you to come away from today's episode with what I call an organizational logic a framework for think about these things that typically we just call happy or sad or depressed or anxious and I'm going to make sure that you have tools that are grounded in physiology and Neuroscience that will allow you to navigate this otherwise complex space that we call emotions that will allow you to ground yourself better when you're feeling like life is Weighing on you or you're kind of being pulled by the currents of life as well as to support other people whether or not that's in a psychological practice if you're if you're a practitioner or you have clients or children or spouses really to be able to support other people in your environment better and as you may recall the nervous system which includes the brain and the eyes and the spinal cord but also all the connections with the organs of the body includes the brain and body and those organs of the body your gut and your liver and your spleen they are also communicating with the brain so I look forward to a day in fact when we no longer think about Neuroscience as just the brain and many neuroscientists now also think about the body of course the brain controls the body but the body is also having a very profound and concrete influence on the brain today we're going to talk about objective tools that match the brain body experience or separate the brain body experience in ways that leverage your ability to lean into life better to feel better literally to just feel better about what you're experiencing and believe it or not to be able to control your emotions when that's appropriate okay so what is stress we hear all the time that stress is bad we hear people saying they're really stressed out what is stress stress at its core is a generalized system it wasn't designed for tiger tigers attacking us or people attacking us it's a system to mobilize other systems in the brain and body it wasn't designed for one thing thing and that gives it a certain advantage in taking over our the state of our brain and body but it also gives you all of us an advantage in controlling it because it's based on hardwired biological mechanisms and there are hardwired biological mechanisms meaning cells and chemicals and Pathways and tissues that exist in you right now that require no neuroplasticity that allow you to put a break on stress and so we're going to talk about those so let's talk about the stress response and by doing that you will understand exactly why the tools I'm going to give you work for those of you that are saying wait I just want the tools just give me a summary trust me if you understand mechanism you are going to be in a far better position to incorporate these tools to teach these tools to others and to modify them as your life circumstances change let's be clear about what we already know which is that stressors can be psychological or they can be physical okay if I put you outside on a cold day without a jacket for a very long time that is stressful if I have you prepare for too many exams at once and you can't balance it all with your sleep schedule and your other needs for comfort and well-being like food rest sleep and social connection that is stressful so what happens when the stress response hits let's talk about the immediate or what we call the acute stress response response we could also think of this as short-term stress so you have a collection of neurons that start right about at your neck and run down to about your navl a little bit lower and those are called the sympathetic chain ganglia when something stresses us out either in our mind or because something enters our environment that chain of neurons becomes activated like a bunch of dominoes falling all at once it's very fast when those neurons are activated cocoline is released but there are some other neurons for the afficionados out there they're called the postganglionic neurons those ones respond to that acetylcholine and then they release epinephrine which is the equivalent to Adrenaline so we have this system where very fast whenever we're stressed the core of our body these neurons down the middle of our body release these chemicals and then there's adrenaline or epinephrine released at particular organs and acts in particular ways some things like the muscles of your legs and your heart and other things that need to be active when you're stressed they have a certain kind of receptor which is called the beta receptor and that beta receptor responds to epinephrine and blood vessels dilate they get bigger and blood rushes into to our legs the heart rate speeds up lots of things happen that get activated and at the same time that epinephrine activates other receptors on certain tissues that we don't need the ones involved in digestion reproduction and things of that sort that are luxuries for when things are going well not things to pay attention to when we're stressed so the stress response is too pronged it's a yes for certain things and it's a know you may not right now for other things that's why you feel blood in certain organs and tissues of your body but not in others but basically you are activated in ways that support you moving and that's because fundamentally the stress response is just this generic thing that says do something you're going to feel agitated and that's because it was designed to move you so this is important because if you want to control stress you need to learn how to work with that agitation I'd like to give you a tool at this point because I think if we go any further with a lot more science people are going to uh begin to wonder if this is just going to be a kind of standard university lecture sure about the stress response if you want to reduce the magnitude of the stress response the best thing you can do is activate the other system in the body which is designed for calming and relaxation and that system is called the parasympathetic nervous system and the parasympathetic nervous system is really interesting because especially the cranial nerves the ones that are up in the brain stem and in the neck area those have a direct direct line to various features of your face in particular the eyes they control things like eye movements pupil dilation things of that sort as well as the tongue the facial muscles Etc so I'm going to teach you the first tool now so I don't overwhelm you with all this academic knowledge without giving you something useful and the tool that at least to my knowledge is the fastest and most thoroughly grounded in physiology and Neuroscience for calming down in a self-directed way is What's called the physiological sigh s g what I'm talking about when I refer to physiological size is the very real medical school textbook relationship between the brain the body and the body as it relates to the breathing apparate ey meaning the diaphragm and lungs and the Heart let's take the Hallmark of the stress response the heart starts beating faster blood is shuttled to the big muscles of the body to move move you away from whatever it is this stressor is or just make you feel like you need to move or talk your face goes flushed Etc there is however a way in which you can breathe that directly controls your heart rate through the interactions between the sympathetic and the parasympathetic nervous system here's how it works when you inhale so whether or not it's through the nose or through the mouth this skeletal muscle that's inside your body called the diaphragm it moves down and that's because the lungs expand the diaphragm moves down your heart actually gets a little bit bigger in that expanded space there's more space for the heart and as a consequence whatever blood is in there is now at a lower volume or moving a little bit more slowly in that larger volume than it was before you inhaled okay so more space heart gets bigger blood moves more slowly and there's a little group of neurons called the sinoatrial node in the heart that registers it's pay believe it or not those neurons pay attention to the rate of blood flow through the heart and send a signal up to the brain that blood is moving more slowly through the heart the brain then sends a signal back to the heart to speed the heart up so what this means is if you want your heart to beat faster inhale longer inhale more vigorously than your exhales now the opposite is also true if you want to slow your heart rate down so stress response hits you want to slow your heart rate down what you want to do is again capitalize on this relationship between the body meaning the diaphragm in the heart and the Brain here's how it works when you exhale the diaphragm moves up which makes the heart a little bit smaller it actually gets a little more compact blood flows more quickly through that compact space the sinoatrial node registers that blood is going more quickly sends a signal up to the brain and the parasympathetic nervous system some neurons in your brain stem send a signal back to the heart to slow the heart down so if you want to calm down quickly you need to make your exhales longer and or more vigorous than your inhales now the reason this is so attractive as a tool for controlling stress is that it works in real time this doesn't involve a practice that you have to go and sit there and do anything separate from Life the phys ological sigh is something that people naturally start doing when they've been crying and they're trying to recover some air or calm down when they've been sobbing very hard or when they are in claustrophobic environments however the amazing thing about this thing that we call the diaphragm the skeletal muscle is that it's an internal organ that you can control voluntarily so this incredible pathway that goes from brain to diaphragm through What's called the frenic nerve p h re n i c frenic the frenic nerve innervates the diap you can control anytime you want you can double up your inhales or triple up your inhales you can exhale more than your inhales whatever you want to do such an incredible organ and the physiological sigh is something that we do spontaneously but when you're feeling stressed you can do a double inhale long exhale now I just told you a minute ago that if you inhale more than you exhale you're going to speed the heart rate up which would promote more stress and activation now I'm telling you to do a double inhale exhale in order to calm down and the reason is the double inhale exhale which is the physiological sigh takes advantage of the fact that when we do a double inhale even if the second inhale is sneaking in just a tiny bit more air because it's kind of hard to get two deep inhales back to back you do big deep inhale and then another little one sneaking it in the little sacks in your lungs the aoli of the lungs your lungs aren't just too big bags but you've got millions of little sacks throughout the the lungs that actually make the surface area of your lungs as big as a tennis court which is amazing if we were to spread that out those tend to collapse as we get stressed and carbon di carbon dioxide builds up in our bloodstream and that's one of the reasons we feel agitated as well but when you do the double inhale exhale the double inhale reinflates those little sacks of the lungs and then when you do the long exhale that long exhale is now much more effective at ridding your body and bloodstream of carbon dioxide which relaxes you very quickly when you're feeling stressed the physiological side done just one to three times so it would be double inhale exhale double inhale exhale maybe just two times will bring down your level of stress very very fast and as far as I know it's the fastest way to accomplish that be aware that if you're going to use the physiological sigh or exhale emphasize breathing to calm down that your heart rate will take about 20 to 30 seconds to come down to basine and you may need to repeat the physiological s a few times so let's think about something now let's think about stress from not whether or not it's acute or chronic whether or not it's good for us or bad for us but on three different time scales because then we can arrive at what this is all about as it relates to emotions but I really want you to understand the difference between the three kinds of stress on three different time scills short-term medium-term and long-term and what it's good for and what it's bad for I think we've all heard that stress is bad for us we've seen these pictures intended to frighten us and indeed they are frightening you see the nice really plump brain on the left says healthy or control and then you see the brain that says stressed above it on the right and it's like withed or we see that the hippocampus an area involved in memory is smaller people that are stressed I think we've all heard now so many times that stress is bad but in that conversation unfortunately it's a lipsed some of the really positive things that stress does for us in the short term when the stress response hits that is good for your immune system I know that might be a tough pill to swallow but it's absolutely true in fact stress often comes in the form of bacterial or viral infection and the stress response is in part organized to combat bacterial and viral infection so short-term stress and the release of adrenaline in particular or epinephrine same thing adrenaline epinephrine is good for combating infection and this to me is just not discussed enough so that's why I'm discussing it here and it relates to a particular tool that many of you ask about but I don't often get the opportunity to talk about in such an appropriate context it's not that it's ever inappropriate to talk about but what I'm about to talk about now is the use of again respiration breathing to somewhat artificially activate the stress response and that will accomplish two things okay I'll return to medium and long-term stress but I want to say short-term stress is good because the dilation of the pupils the changes in the Optics of the eyes the quickening of the heart rate the sharpening of your cognition and in fact that short-term stress brings certain elements of the brain online that allow you to focus now it Narrows your focus you're not good at seeing the so-called big picture but it Narrows your focus because it allows you to do these what I call duration path outcome types of analysis it allows you to evaluate your environment evaluate what you need to do it primes your whole system for better cognition it primes your immune system to combat infection and that all makes sense when you think about the fact that famine thirst bacterial infections viral infections Invaders all of this stuff liberates a response in the body that's designed to get you to fight back about against whatever stressor that happens to be psychological physical bacterial viral again the stress response is generic the tool takes advantage of the fact that when adrenaline is released in the body from the adrenals it has the effect of also liberating a lot of these killer cells from the immune organs in particular from the spleen but from elsewhere as well and interactions with the lymphatic system that combat infection the way this works in the real world is best captured by a study that can be mapped back to so called Wim Hoff breathing now Wim Hoff breathing is so named after the so-called Iceman Wim Hoff there are two components to a sort of breathing protocol that he developed that was based also on what's called Tumo breathing TMO so before whim there was Tumo breathing and many people call this now super oxygenation breathing so it's deliberate hyperventilation why would somebody want to do this well deliberate hyperventilation done for maybe 25 Cycles so inhale exhale inhale exhale inhale exhale that pattern of breathing rapid movements of the diaphragm will liberate adrenaline from the adrenals when adrenaline is released in the body you are in a better position to combat infections and so whether or not you breathe very quickly in these cycles of 25 breaths and regardless of what you call it doesn't matter adrenaline is released if you take a cold shower adrenaline is released if you go into an ice bath deliberately and even if you do it non- deliberately adrenaline is released you are mimicking the stress response and that adrenaline serves to suppress or combat incoming infections and this was beautifully shown in a study that was published in a very fine journal the proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences for the US it's it literally called proceedings of the naal Academy USA to distinguish it from other proceedings of other National academies in other countries the way the experiment went is that people were injected with endotoxin or in some cases they were injected with with a bacterial wall that mimics infection it g it gives you a fever it makes you feel nauseous it makes you feel sick it is not pleasant half of the people did a particular pattern of breathing that looked very much like the pattern of breathing I described a moment ago of doing 25 deep inhales and exhales followed by an exhale holding their breath then repeating 25 inhales exhales holding their breath so this would look something like this or if you're listening it sounds like 25 30 times you'll start feeling heated up you'll start feeling the adrenaline response you're liberating adrenaline in your body then exhale hold your breath for 15 seconds and then repeat now I want to emphasize never ever ever do this anywhere near water people have passed out so-called shallow water bra out people have died please don't do it at all unless you get clearance to do it from your doctor because there are some pulmonary effects and whatnot and the breath holds should definitely not be done by anyone that has glaucoma or pressure uh you know concerns for the eyes but these repeated cycles of breathing that liberate adrenaline allowed the group that did that protocol to essentially experience zero symptoms from the injection of this ecoli which is remarkable they had much reduced or no symptoms they didn't feel feverish they didn't feel sick they weren't vomiting no diarrhea which is remarkable but makes total sense when you think about the fact that the short-term stress response that what's typically called the acute stress response is designed to combat all stressors many of us are familiar with the experience of work work work work work or taking care of a loved one or stress stress stress stress stress then we finally relax maybe we even go on vacation like oh now I'm finally going to get the break and then we get sick and that's because the adrenaline response crashed and your immune system crashed with it so please understand this now many of you might say well how long is it 2 hours is it 3 hours a lot of you out there that really like specificity it will vary for everybody I would just kind of use a rule of thumb when you are no longer able to achieve good sleep what good sleep means to you please see the episodes on sleep if you want more about tools to sleep when you are no longer able to achieve good sleep you are now moving from acute stress to chronic stress you need to be able to turn the stress response off okay so now let's talk about medium-term stress medium-term stress is going to be stress that lasts anywhere from several days to several weeks what is stress threshold well stress threshold is actually our ability to cognitively regulate what's going on in our body a lot of stress inoculation a lot of managing medium-term stress on the on the time scale of weeks or maybe even a couple months so we're not talking about years of stress a lot of that has to do with raising our stress threshold it's about capacity and there are very simple tools excellent tools that will allow us to modulate our capacity for stress and they look a lot like the tools I just described they involve placing oneself deliberately into a situation where our adrenaline is increased somewhat not to the extreme and then when we are feel flooded with adrenaline and normally we would Panic it's about cognitively mentally emotionally calming ourselves and being comfortable with that response in our body and what would this look like you can use the cyclic hyper oxygenation breathing to combat infection if you're feeling kind of run down and there is also a way in which you can use things like cold showers or if you exercise and you bring your heart rate up very high you kind of go into that high intensity realm where your heart is beating a little bit harder than you're comfortable with the key in those moments is to learn to relax the mind while the body is very activated one way that you can do this and this is kind of fun if it's approved by your physician and you're able to do this you can bring your heart rate up you could do this through an ice bath if that's your thing or a cold shower or cyclic oxygenation breathing or you could Sprint or you could go hard on the bike whatever is that brings your heart rate up and then what you want to do is you want to actually try and calm the mind while your body is in this heightened state of activation when we are stressed our pupils dilate the effect of that pupil dilation is to create tunnel vision it literally Narrows our view of the visual world we no longer see in Panorama and there's some other effects as well but that's because the visual system through this cranial nerve system that I described before is Tethered and is part of this autonomic nervous system by deliberately dilating your gaze meaning not moving your head and eyes around but by deliberately going from tunnel vision to broader panoramic Vision literally seeing more of your environment all at once it creates a calming effect on the mind because it releases a particular circuit in the brain stem that's associated with alertness AKA stress now this is very powerful if you're running for instance and you're at Max Capacity you're close to it or you're kind of hitting like 80 90% of maximum on the bike and you dilate your gaze what you'll find is the mind can relax while the body is in full output and this is um relates to work that in various communities people are are working with this in the sports Community military communities Etc but it's a form not really of stress inoculation it's more about raising stress threshold so that the body is going to continue to be in a high alertness high reactivity mode high output but the mind is calm and so this isn't about you unifying mind and body this is actually about using body to bring up your level of activation then dissociating not the clinical dissociation kind of disorders but dissociating the mental or emotional response from what's going on in your body and over time so if you do this you know a couple times you don't have to do this every workout but if you do this every maybe once a week or so you start being comfortable at these higher activation States what once felt overwhelming and like a lot of work now is manageable it feels tolerable so that's for navigating medium-term stress and then there's long-term stress now long-term stress is bad you do not want adrenaline up in your system for a very long time in fact you you ideally you would have your stress go up various times throughout the day but it would never stay elevated and it would never prevent you from getting a good night's sleep we know that chronic stress elevated stress and especially in the so-called type A personalities creates heart disease leading killer of for in most every country but in particular in the US but by no means do you want to be stressed out all the time chronically for months and months and months and years on end the best tools the best mechanisms that we know to modulate long-term stress might surprise you a little bit first of all there are going to be the things that don't surprise you which is everyone knows getting regular exercise getting good sleep um using realtime tools to try and Tamp down the stress response Etc that's all going to be really useful the data really point to the fact that social connection and certain types of social Connection in particular are what are going to mitigate or reduce long-term stress and this is a particularly important issue nowadays where we have all these proxies or surrogates for social connection you know online and texting with people a lot everyone has this kind of need to stay connected to one another humans are incredibly social creatures the way to think about social connection and how it can mitigate some of the long-term effects of stress is really through the systems of neuromodulation like serotonin serotonin again is a neuromodulator neuromodulators are a little bit like playist in the brain they tend to amplify or bias the likelihood that certain brain circuits and body circuits are going to be activated and that others will not serotonin generally gives us feelings of well-being at very high levels it makes us feel blissed and it tends to make us feel like we have enough in our immediate environment when we see somebody that we recognize and Trust serotonin is released in the brain and that has certain positive effects on the immune system and on other systems of neural repair and and synapses and things that really reinforce Connections in the brain and prevent that long-term withering of connections so serot on is tied to social connection now social connection can take many forms some of those can be romantic attachments those could be familial attachments that are non-romantic friendship pets even attachments to things that just Delight us having a sense of delight a sense of really enjoying something that you see and engage in witness or participate in that is associated with the serotonin system and certainly play is one of those things social connection of various forms those are things to invest in I'll be the first to admit social connection and friendship and relationships of all kinds to animals or humans or inanimate objects takes work it takes investment it takes time in not needing everything to be exactly the way you want it to be social connection is something that we work for but it is incredibly powerful finding just a few people even one or an animal or something that you Delight in believe it or not has very positive effects on mitigating this long-term stress on improving various aspects of our life as it relates to stress and emotionality now how do you know if you're making serotonin you don't know in the moment but you can learn if you pay attention to kind of recognize these feelings of comfort trust Bliss delight and those are not weak terms those are not associated just with uh psychological terms they are they are every bit as physiological as the movement of your muscles or the secretion of adrenaline now there are a plethora of things that will also impact well-being and allow you to mod modulate your long-term stress reduce the likelihood that you'll engage in long-term stress there are compounds that are not prescription compounds that can modulate the stress system and sometimes because of the way that life is we just don't have the opportunity to control life and to control our response to stress the three I want to focus on and one that I think you need to be cautious about that I've mentioned before include ashwagandha eleanine and melatonin let's talk about melatonin first melatonin is a hormone secreted from the pineal in direct relationship to how much Darkness you are in not emotional Darkness but light suppresses melatonin melatonin helps you fall asleep it doesn't help you stay asleep I personally do not recommend supplementing melatonin because it's supplemented typically at very high levels you know 1 to 3 milligrams or even more that is an outrageous iously high doses also has a number of potentially negative effects on the reproductive axis and and hormones there the other is Aline I've talked about Aline which provided it's safe for you can be taken 100 milligrams or 200 milligrams about a 30 minutes or 60 minutes before sleep it can enhance the transition to sleep and depth of sleep for many people it increases Gaba this inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain it tends to turn off our forbrain a little bit or reduce the activity of our kind of thinking systems and ruminating systems help people fall asleep but theanine has also been shown for people that are chronically anxious or chronically stressed to significantly increase relaxation it is known to have a minor effect on anxiety but eight Studies have shown that it definitely has a notable effect on stress the other supplement that can be very useful is ashwagandha ashwagandha is known to lower anxiety and cortisol this is great I mean the opportunity for me anyway to be able to take something that can help me reduce my cortisol so that I don't get some of the long-term effects of stress and I'm not going to take ashwaganda year round I would only do this if I was feeling like I wasn't managing my short and medium-term stress well so I don't take it on a regular basis I do take it when I'm in these times when things are particularly stressful so social connection and some supplementation of course diet exercise sleep for long-term stress so I hope today you were able to take a slightly different view of this thing that we call stress not just see it as evil but see it as power powerful and useful in certain contexts great for us in certain contexts and problematic in other contexts and as well to think about the various tools that I've presented that can allow you to adjust and modulate your internal levels of alertness or calmness so that you can lean more effectively into life which includes sleep and social connection and the work you have to do and of course acknowledges that the events in the world are beyond our control what's in our control is how we react to them something that's ly said in the wellness and self-help and psychology world but for which there often aren't as many concrete tools that we can really look to and Trust in real time as always really appreciate your time and attention today I hope you practice some of the tools if they're right for you I hope you think hard about stress and how you can control your stress and above all as always thank you for your interest in science [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @hubermanlab [325 likes]: Thank you for watching! If you enjoyed this topic and episode, please click the “Like” button and subscribe to our channel on YouTube. Thank you for your interest in science! — Andrew
  2. @julay629 [1 likes]: 11:30 double inhale
  3. @FrozenMountains [1 likes]: Its stressing when the world tells you you're not good enough. Trying to prove that you are or worth somthing that is greater than said self.
  4. @BenjaminBennett-h7t: I always hear when people in distressed situation, they are asked to" calm down, breath "! Now I know WHY ! Another great vedio! Thank you! Now I am taking my dog for a 20 minutes walk, enjoying the sun light and start  my day!
  5. @Ancientastronautskeptic: how do I exhale more than I inhale????  I breathe in.... air goes in...  I breathe out... how do I possibly breathe out more than what just came in?  Even if I do it more vigorously, isn't it a net wash if I can't breathe out for as long due to breathing it out quicker than I breathed it in?
  6. @PrernaVerma-q1i: this video is really helpful… simple tools but not easy to follow daily sometimes we think we are fine but stress is there in background i once checked my stress on streffie, took like 10 sec… it was more than i expected good video, learned something useful.
  7. @xiongmay-od6kw: This sounds like exactly what I needed to hear today. Check this out: Tools for Managing Stress & Anxiety | Huberman Lab Essentials32:29In this Huberman Lab Essenti
  8. @Tanu-b8l: Damn this felt too real, didn’t even realise I do this all the time and I’ve been using Solh Wellness and it’s actually helped me understand my stress and overthinking better instead of ignoring it , Feels good to finally be a bit more aware of what’s going on in my head.
  9. @Tanu-b8l: always thought stress shows up only when something big happens and but this made me realise it’s there even in normal days, just in smaller ways , I started noticing it more after using Solh Wellness and it actually made things clearer
  10. @bloodorange9: What a fantastic guest! Thank you so much!
  11. @BrendaNamiiro-s2g: Thanks a lot.
  12. @JuliaAzarm: When do we realize that sometimes we're just in a crazy world, even being taught to be resilient, I believe some of us are just being groomed for existence in a unhealthy environment. Fixing your nutrition,your health,your coping skills, only are going to go so far....many of us know that from childhood we got delivered to the wrong parents,the wrong family, the difficult place on the planet, the challenging existence. However we except the process and here we are, hopefully we haven't damaged anyone once were aware of our own damages. Your approach is interesting I'm listening.
  13. @JacobDover-s4m: God l have stress right now what should l do ?.
  14. @RelaxunoOfficial: Slowing down feels wrong, but it helps.
  15. @Breathflowconnection: The physiological sigh that Huberman talks about is something I use constantly in my facilitation work. Two short inhales through the nose followed by an extended exhale through the mouth. It works because the double inhale pops open the alveoli in your lungs that have collapsed, maximizing surface area for gas exchange. The long exhale then activates the parasympathetic nervous system through the vagus nerve. What I find in practice is that combining this with cold exposure creates a much deeper training effect. When someone is sitting in 3 degree water and their body is in full sympathetic activation, using breath control to deliberately shift into calm is the most powerful stress inoculation I have seen. The skill transfers directly to high pressure situations outside the water. After six years of running these sessions I still find it remarkable how fast people can shift their state once they understand the mechanism.
  16. @Sensistar4200: thank you for these videos
  17. @J.lopion: I mean what can people with limited access to connection do ? I feel stressed and I wish I can have someone to talk to but circumstances make me not have that
  18. @tylercoombs1: The stress response plays a crucial role in repairing mechanical damage to muscle cells after lifting weights, and it directly impacts recovery time. While we need some stress for muscle gains, it's essential to manage it effectively. This is where Huberman's simple breathing exercise comes into play, I would argue that it's far more important than static stretching right after a workout. In fact, it's more beneficial to calm the body down before moving into a deep stretching routine. Personally, I avoid deep stretches for 30 to 45 minutes after my lifting sessions, especially on my big compound lift days. 
Essentially, you are relaxing your body in steps, giving it time to respond to signals in the environment
  19. @Roband3rson: Keep me in prayer please
  20. @JFitlifee: W

- Stress Relief Tips - 7 Ways on How to Lower Stress | Anthem: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] want to stress and introduce a little more than into your life follow these seven steps for a more peaceful path one eat a healthy diet forget the ice cream binge and load up on fresh fruits and veggies and lean proteins your body will thank you with a happier outlook to get enough sleep you'll be better able to handle stress that comes your way didn't catch enough these last night grab a nap for a mood boost 3 get moving take a stroll around the block walk the dog or bike to the grocery store find an exercise buddy it's always more fun to exercise with a friend exercise releases feel-good chemicals that will lift your spirits for try some tunes soothing music can lower blood pressure heart rate and anxiety upbeat tunes can help you blow off steam 5 come up with a stress relief toolkit meditate take a long walk to watch a comedy curl up with a good book or light some candles find what foods you fix enjoy nature work in your garden walk in the woods or relax in the park a change of scenery can brighten your mood 7 get social have lunch with a coworker phone a friend volunteer take a class being around other people will give you a fresh perspective and help you find your happy place it's all about what works for you so start letting go of the stress in your life and move to your place of peace you

  Top Comments:
  1. @laraphacha4067 [1 likes]: Getting around people stresses me out...🎉
  2. @AlexanderLong-s6g [1 likes]: How to detox social media. Is it out of boredom, stress, or habit? For me, it's for stress and I just get on social media when there's martial arts on it.
  3. @kabiravro4474: What should I do?😊
  4. @kabiravro4474: As soon as i study 
I feel mental pressure
  5. @wonderjadden6929: Music: Blue Skies By Silent Partner.
  6. @tatyana6063: This is very helpful for someone like me. And who can get stressed easily again.
  7. @AdamJOuellette: What stands out to me about these tips is that they all work indirectly on stress, not forcefully. Movement, sleep, music, nature, connection — none of these try to “fix” stress head-on.

In my experience, that’s why they actually work. Stress isn’t a problem to solve as much as a signal from the nervous system. When the body feels safer, the mind naturally follows.

Simple ideas here, but deceptively powerful when practiced consistently.
  8. @ayurdoc627: મને Planet Ayurveda Brahmi Vati સાથે કોઈ સાઇડ ઇફેક્ટ્સ નહોતા જણાયા.
  9. @XiZ-For-Me: These 7 tips are so helpful and easy to follow, definitely needed this today
  10. @huntercolz: Exercise really helps me when I am stressed. Good video
  11. @LUNAJESSICANICOLE: Needed this today. Like REALLY needed it.
  12. @TobiasFurrer-w2w: I’m amazed by your dedication.
  13. @SheritaMcDuffieMcDuffie: Always great content from you.
  14. @VichoriaCarilone: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.
  15. @MarinaMeri-u6i: Simple and effective explanation.
  16. @RuchiShetti-x3q: Such an easy to follow video.
  17. @HoinsluJaoinrt: Nicely explained and easy to understand.
  18. @DilteraMuzko: I found this video really useful.
  19. @NiursaVuyre: This is high quality content.
  20. @MkophgOkgffyu: I enjoyed watching this video.

- How to Manage Daily House Chores and Cooking | Tips for Stress-Free Homemaking: Kind: captions Language: en namaskar welcome to simply fire space I often receive comments asking for suggestions tailored towards the working individuals it is true that it can be a struggle to manage household chores and cooking after long hours at the office yes there is a learning cycle after which we do attain a certain level of comfort But like everyone else I'm also not immune to these challenges and there are days when it can get overwhelming in this video I will talk about how I manage my daily chores and cooking and what you can do to save time while keeping up with household task this video is especially helpful for busy individuals new moms or anyone looking to save time on household work so let's get started before we dive into the individual chores there is one crucial step I highly recommend creating a checklist this checklist should outline all your household tasks along with the days and times you will dedicate to each one over time this checklist will become a natural part of your routine and you won't need to refer to it I have made it easy for you to get started just download my cleaning checklist from the link in the description box and feel free to change it according to your routine and lifestyle let's get organized and make managing our homes a breeze the first point is to simplify your laundry routine when laundry is simplified it becomes an effortless task it turns into a routine that fits seamlessly into your schedule plan your laundry around your work routine for me doing laundry two times a week works best even if it means doing two to three loads in a day on laundry days I avoid taking on any other heavy chores however if you have a larger family or infant it might be more convenient to do one load daily to save time consider setting a timer on your washing machine at night so that it starts early in the morning this way when you wake up your clothes will be washed and all that's left to do is hang them to [Music] dry by the time you return home from work in the evening your clothes will be dry ready to be folded and put away in the water wardrobe you can decide the days for laundry which suits you best now I would like to share a few laundry related tips that can simplify your routine and save your time to prevent dirty clothes from being scattered around the house or left hanging behind the bathroom doors place a small laundry basket in each bathroom this way family members can directly dump their dirty clothes into the [Applause] basket I even keep a laundry basket in my son's room so that whenever he changes he can directly place his clothes in it if space is an issue you can op for foldable laundry hamper with saves space to simplify your laundry routine and save time try to keep socks of the same color for all family members this way you won't waste time matching them if that's not possible attach a mesh bag to the side of your laundry basket using a clip now whenever a family member needs to put their socks in the laundry they can place them directly into this bag this keeps all the socks pairs in one place making laundry much easier using mesh bags and undergarment bags is incredibly helpful for making laundry easier some clothes such as undergarments or delicate Fabrics are recommended to be washed separately or by hand however you can still wash these delicate items along with your regular laundry laundry if you place them in mesh bags or special laundry bags for undergarments I also dedicate one day specifically for washing linens on the day I change the bed sheets I immediately wash them instead of storing them in the laundry basket I also take this opportunity to wash the living room cushion covers and all the household towels having a proper laundry routine ensures that your clothes are washed efficiently without much effort just create a schedule for what to wash on which day and gradually this routine will become a habit now let's talk about ironing clothes if you're working I recommend Outsourcing your ironing to a professional this saves a lot of time even though it costs a little personally I don't enjoy ironing and it can be timec consuming if Outsourcing is not an option for you you dedicate one or 2 days a week for ironing weekends or off days would be ideal make sure to use a good quality sturdy ironing board and a steam iron to make this process quick and easy if you prefer to iron your clothes in the morning before heading to work a garment steamer is an excellent and convenient option you don't even need an ironing board just hang your clothes on a hanger and use the steamer to remove wrinkles it's a fantastic I tool for wrinkle-free clothes lastly if you lead a very busy life consider hanging most of your clothes especially office wear and your kids school uniforms this will save you time and make it easier to choose your outfit for the day as all the clothes will be visible and accessible with these simple tips you can make your laundry routine much more manageable next comes the house cleaning it can be tough to do routine cleaning while managing your office if you can afford it definitely hire a house help to assist with your chores however if for any reason you can't hire help consider investing in helpful gadgets like a robo vacuum cleaner or cardless vacuum cleaner for cleaning and a dishwasher for washing dishes these devices can automate your home cleaning task significantly help helping you save time these appliances used to be quite costly and not everyone could afford them but nowadays you can find various Brands offering models at affordable prices I have provided links to some good and affordable vacuum cleaners and dishwashers in the description box feel free to check them out if investing in appliances is not an option and you prefer to handle the cleaning yourself set a specific time for the cleaning routine additionally if you incorporate some simple cleaning habits into your routine you might not need to sweep and mop every day cleaning twice a week could be sufficient for example avoid bringing shoes into the house either take them off outside or place a shoe rack at the entrance this way dirt from outside won't enter your home helping to keep it clean make sure to place a trash can in every room and bathroom when trash cans are easily accessible your home stays clean cleaner and disposing of trash becomes more convenient trust me this simple habit will save you a lot of time and help keep your home tidy always keep foot mats at the entrance of your home inside the kitchen and outside the bathroom this will prevent dirt from getting tracked inside helping to maintain a cleaner home create a cleaning caddy with all your cleaning tools and supplies and keep it in an easily accessible area for a convenient dusting routine dusting all surfaces and artifacts twice a week is usually sufficient unless you live on a particularly busy and Dusty Street try to keep doors closed while you're away at work to prevent dust from entering the house make a single DIY cleaner that can be used throughout your home just mix 2 tbsp of dish liquid a little vinegar and water in a spray bottle this will give you an allpurpose cleaner that can be easily used for cleaning the kitchen bathroom glass offices and dusting one cleaner that effectively cleans your entire home saving you both money and time keep a cleaning cloth and a spray bottle with cleaning solution in your bathroom cabinet along with the squishy after showering immediately clean the wash basin and mirror use the squeezy to clean the bathroom floor and glass partitions this will keep your bathroom looking clean at all times try to minimize dirty dishes wash them immediately after after use so they don't pile up in the sink if you have a dishwasher load it before going to bed so that you wake up to clean dishes this ensures you have enough utensils and dishes ready to prepare breakfast and pack Tiffin for the family ideally it's best to wash the dishes before going to bed but if you prefer to wash them in the morning fill them with water overnight this will prevent food from drying on the dishes is making them easier and quicker to clean to make your cleaning easier Keep Your Home Decor minimal don't use too many artifacts or Decor pieces that can be hard to clean and taken care of the less things you keep the less you have for cleaning similarly don't over stuff your couch with too many cushions keep your Aesthetics limited which are easy to maintain often despite our best efforts things tend to clutter our homes like new bank mails Parcels books bags phone chargers remotes Etc in the rush to get to work we don't always have the time to put everything back in its place to handle this kind of clutter I recommend keeping a basket or a box or a tray in your living room and fire area when you're short on time or late from work quickly dump these items into the basket this way at least the surfaces will stay clean and you will know where to find things when you need them on the weekend when you have some free time go through the baskets and put everything back in its proper place this will help keep your home clean and clutter free next important chore is cooking cooking is one of the most timec consuming daily chores but with proper planning it can become much easier by organizing your kitchen routine and planning ahead for the upcoming week you can significantly streamline your cooking activities making the process more enjoyable and stressfree if you're working consider doing some prep work in advance like buying groceries vegetables and fruits over the weekend ensure that all grocery containers oil dispensers and spice boxes are filled and easily accessible when everything is in its place and visible it simplifies the decision decision making and preparation process prepping ingredients ahead of time can greatly speed up cooking for example I keep roasted vili semolina and peanuts on hand I also prepare a coriander and mint Chutney that pairs well with sandwiches and snacks and fry maccas in ghee as a snack for my son I also store paneer Dosa batter and a few chopped vegetables in the fridge ready to make quick meals like patas fried rice and sandwiches I keep a small amount of basic gravy in the freezer made from fried and ground tomatoes onions and green chilies while fresh ingredients are always idle having these prepped items on busy work days can be a Lifest saver allowing you to cook at home rather than ordering out which saves both time and ensures healthier meals another useful tip for busy individuals is to create a meal prepping chart in advance having a list of meals ready for each day eliminates the daily hassle of deciding what to cook keep your weekday meals simple and easy to prepare and consider one part meals like kiter Pula bis bath and Pongal to cut down down on cooking time don't hesitate to use kitchen appliances and helpful tools to save time such as a dough maker for kneading the dough an electric chopper for chopping veggies or an air fryer for cooking a variety of meals a soup maker is also a great option if you enjoy soups regularly these appliances can significantly reduce your workload and help you cook faster in today's fastpaced world saving time is like saving money if investing in a few helpful appliances gives you extra time to rest after a hectic day at the office why not don't try to be a superhero who does it all manually I often receive comments like meal PR so on while fresh food is always best and if you have the time and resources by all means go for it you can also hire a cook who can prepare fresh food for you every day but for many people it is not possible to cook fresh meals after returning late from work leading them to either prepare something quick and unhealthy or order takeout which is definitely worse if meal prep and helpful appliances allow someone to quickly prepare homemade meals it is far better than eating out so Choose Wisely to make a daily Cho more manageable it is crucial to share household responsibilities among all family members including children with everyone assigned a few tasks housework should not fall on just one person person sharing responsibilities is not about who does more but rather about dividing tasks based on each other's strength and availability for example your partner might not be great at cooking but could excel at cleaning or taking care of the kids so delicate task according to each other's strength sometimes one partner might not be involved in household chores but manages other important tasks like finances helping the kids with their studies or running errands which still counts as sharing responsibilities it is important to recognize that everyone has unique strengths and weaknesses and it is okay if someone is not good at particular task that the other excels in for instance when my husband is home he handled tasks like picking up and dropping off a child at football practice he also manages plenty of my paperwork and no matter how long is the trip he is our full-time family driver because despite taking driving classes I'm still nervous behind the wheel lastly I want to emphasize a crucial habit that everyone should develop and treat it as an important task as a working busy individual it is essential to cow out time for self-care even amidst your busy schedule set aside a few minutes each day for activities that relax and recharge you like meditation a quick workout or simply enjoying a cup of coffee peas don't neglect your health and have nutritious meals follow a simple skin and hair care routine prioritize sleep by creating a calming bedtime routine make time to meet a friend for coffee or a walk as special connections can boost your mood don't hesitate to treat yourself for a small Indulgence or plan a short vacation once in a while taking care of yourself both physically and mentally allows you to be the best version of yourself for your family and work trust me it can be done to start with it may look like a lot but this Beast can be tamed not without testing your discipline and consistency hom making unlike some other task is often underrated what I mean is that there are no shortcuts and it requires full involvement and thoughtful planning which means your patients will be tested I hope this video helps you even in a small way to manage and organize your daily chores if you enjoyed it please like and share I will see you all next week until then Happy organizing from simplify your space bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @shiwi2663 [1 likes]: People like you are the real and needed influencers. I genuinely love you and your content
  2. @pratikshapatil1060 [1 likes]: Aapako khaskar Aachary Prasant ji vedio dekhane ki bhohot jarurat hai ki gharkam mai kuchnahi rakha hai ye to kam vali bhi kar leti hai
  3. @panditjivastu [1 likes]: I am a working woman , handling multiple businesses,  Home and other things.

Need effective solutions for daily work
  4. @VinodthiniRaj: Love your content! ❤
  5. @shivikaraina472: Mesh bags, i have been using for a long time and promoting also
  6. @thanuja2849: Thank you very much for the practical tips and motivation ❤
  7. @angel-mm5oe: Thankyou for making this video helped me a lot 🩵🩷
  8. @abdualkiopfg.f6907: The family doesn't flliw routine
  9. @rafiulalam647: The last part is the must 😊
  10. @subhadrapatil-c5y: You are explaining so nice and cool. About the house hold work. You are awsom. Iam following you from 2year's. Iam talking about you in my Ladies club every month in my layout.  Thank you so much for explaining.
  11. @subhadrapatil-c5y: Thank you so much.
  12. @ektatuli1843: Super
  13. @chotamukbang-alltimeeating9429: How u cut ur Vegitables
  14. @chotamukbang-alltimeeating9429: Why u r not taking house help??
  15. @greeshuiyyany: Realistic Indian house tips ❤❤❤❤❤
  16. @SayeraSayera-eu5us: Is video ko bhi Hindi mein audio mein Karen na please
  17. @shreoshichatterjee6302: If people call u lazy, what will they call me??? U inspire people like me to be active and keep a tidy home alongwith managing work and kids. U are a inspiration mam and vedios are so calming. ❤
  18. @vaishaliharshe9031: Ashu Mam, I manage my home with help of your videos.  Really ,your videos teach me how to manage home  very smartly. 😊 My husband asks me about my housekeeping , to mei unko batati hun ke Ashu Mam ke videos  dekhke home manage karti hun. So he is happy on my work . So that I too am very happy.  And yes, my daughter also manage the home very well. She is also happy with my work.
  19. @bithikahalder7200: Your vlogs are great. Thanks for sharing. How long can I store roasted makhanas and how? Please guide.
  20. @rashmibehera5559: 3 washing machines?

- 11 Property Management Training Basics Beginners MUST Master: Kind: captions Language: en there's so much information and so many ideas floating around these days around property management training particularly around the basics some people may define the basics as like how do you smile how do you make eye contact well for the purposes of this video i'm gonna assume that you already know how to be a human being you already know how to smile you already make know how to make eye contact we're gonna talk about the basics in terms of how do i get in front of that right prospect and once i'm in front of them what's my process what do i do to take them through the journey to make that decision to lease not only an apartment but to lease my apartment from me those are the basics that i'm talking about right now it's so important to get these basics right so in this video i'm going to show you the 11 property management basics that you must master if you want to close leases number one what you've been told before in terms of how do you close a lease it's wrong i promise you that this is the case let's face it there's a lot of bad information there's a lot of outdated information and there's a lot of downright misinformation out there the stuff that worked in the past to close leases well it's the wrong stuff today it just doesn't work today's renter has more access to information than ever before and they've got more choices so that old school way of trying to sell them on the apartment in many cases not only is it wrong but it actually turns your prospects off and turns them away number two okay selling is so important for property management professionals we've got to sell our prospects on living at our community i want you to be the opposite of what you think a sales person is right that kind of high pressure hey if you don't rent the apartment right now it's going away and we've got a special it ends in three minutes how you think of a salesperson that kind of traditional character from the movies yeah be the opposite of that in today's world what makes an effective property manager is somebody who can read people somebody that's able to follow a process who can engage their prospects in a conversation using a systematic approach number three talk is cheap a lot of people think that having that kind of gift of gab being able to shoot the breeze and have all kinds of small talk with our prospects is so key to building a relationship and leasing them an apartment well it's not the reality is your prospects don't want to hear you talk they don't care about you they don't care about the list of amenities that you have they don't really care about the specials that are going on and all the things that you think might be enticing to them what they care about is solving the challenges that they're dealing with right now and they're going through the process of moving which is a very stressful life event they're looking to connect with somebody that's gonna listen a lot more than speak and somebody that's truly going to understand what their current situation is and how they can improve it how they can get that ideal scene they really don't care about all the things that you have to say until you understand them listen people don't care how much you know until they know how much you care and going back to what you've been taught is wrong we've been trained in this industry to automatically as soon as we get a tiny bit of information start talking start pitching start selling well talk is cheap you need to ask the right questions and you've got to dig in and truly understand not only your prospect's situation but what they're going through and the ideal living situation they're trying to get to number four have a system as a relatively new property manager and even as kind of an og that's been in the industry for 25 years the best thing that you can do for yourself is to have a proven system a process that you trust a system that you follow you follow that process so you know exactly where each and every one of your deals is and what stage of the process that they're in a lot of times people try to wing it remember this is a stressful life event it's also the most expensive decision that your prospects are going to make just winging it is not going to get you there you need to have a system and just to add to that you want to make sure that you have a system that's been proven to work in today's world as we said before the entire apartment industry has changed and it's changed in the last couple years so make that's relevant for today relevant for right now number five do your homework show your prospects through personalization that you truly have taken the time to learn about them that you understand their current situation you know what's most important to them and why that's important to them you know what they want to see first when they either arrive at the property or they do a virtual tour with you whether that's on facetime or any other platform make sure you've done your homework now that's not i'm not asking you to sit down for 30 minutes and try and like be a private detective and learn about somebody you've never met before you can easily do your homework right from that first phone call even from a chat interaction from a web form if you know what questions to ask in the right order to ask them you can do your homework so that every one of your tours every one of your engagements with a prospect is personalized just for them that's going to set you apart from the competition number six ask questions and of course not all questions are created equal make sure that you have a system so you're knowing what those power questions are to ask if you don't believe me that this is an issue i want you to pretend you're a renter and call some apartment communities in your market call any apartment community for that matter and you're going to find that the questions that they ask well they're a bare minimum and they're not the right questions to really learn about you you want to make sure that you have a process that is designed around very specific questions that are going to help you deeply deeply understand your prospect and that's what's going to help you close the lease later on in the sales the data shows that top performing real estate professionals top performing property managers well they're asking a lot more questions they're digging in there they're gaining those insights to learn about their prospects if you're doing most of the talking you're not a top performer number seven don't be afraid to lose the lease i find that so many property managers and leasing agents are terrified with the idea of losing a prospect losing that lead not getting the lease signed but the fact of the matter is it happens it's not a big deal i lose deals sometimes if you have a process that you can trust if you have a process that knows is going to figure out whether or not this prospect is the right fit well you can go through your life without having fear without being afraid fear cripples us as property managers fear cripples us as leasing professionals our prospects are already in a deep state of fear if we're afraid that hey i'm not gonna get this sale it's only gonna make matters worse number eight be a peer not a servant when you behave like a peer to your prospects they feel that and it's disarming and it makes them more comfortable it makes them feel like wow i can really trust this person they're not just telling me something because they're trying to tell me what i want to hear they're telling me something because it's the truth make sure that you're treating your prospects as an equal you're a professional and they're your client and you're working with them as a peer versus you're just a servant that's there to get them exactly what they need and tell them that the answers that they want to hear number nine stop persuading your prospects don't need to be persuaded into renting an apartment from you what they need is they need that trusted advisor that's going to really look at their situation look at all the alternatives and help them decide on the best possible outcome for them think about this they're going to have to go to bed in that apartment every single night they're going to have to wake up there every morning they're going to build their life there it's literally going to be the center the focal point of their entire life they don't want to be sold or persuaded or be given some tricks or gimmicks to rent the apartment they want to make a good sound decision based on facts based on data based on your understanding of their situation so make sure that you have a closing system that's not high pressure it's not manipulative it's not pushy okay if you're not going to use our closing system go find one that is not based on persuasion your prospects don't want to be persuaded tricked pushed or manipulated into renting the apartment they want to make that decision on their terms because it's the right decision to make number 10 always be learning learning is a lifelong journey and our industry is constantly changing you can always get better you can always improve if you have that attitude that hey you know what i learned a little bit when i first got involved in the industry back in 1992 and i know everything nobody knows everything make sure that you're spending time each and every day to just learn a little bit right if you can just get one percent better every day your career is going to go through the roof find like-minded people that are excited within your company to learn new things to try new strategies to improve their process be around those people stay positive and always be learning trust me you're going to make so much more money you're going to have so much more fun if you're constantly open to new ideas new strategies and new techniques number 11 never get comfortable ever because when you get comfortable that's when you get into trouble i see this all the time property managers leasing agents maybe it's you're in a really hot market right now maybe you're in charge of a lease up that is the place that everybody wants to live at and those leases are coming a little bit easy right you start to get comfortable you start to get a little bit laxed you maybe don't run to grab the phone because you're not worried about your property getting to 98 99 or even 100 occupancy as soon as you get comfortable things are going to start to decline and this is so important for you to realize because if you find the right sales training system right you find a system that's easy to learn easy to implement you find a way to close these prospects that's not pushy not manipulative well guess what your job is going to start to get easy and it's this weird thing that happens as your job starts to get really really easy you actually start to get comfortable and you start to do less of the things that made your job so easy to begin with find that process and when that process starts to give you results don't get comfortable keep it up it's like people that get on a diet and they start to lose a little bit of weight right or they start to build a little muscle and they're like this is great i don't have to work out so much stick to your process trust me never ever get comfortable ever so those are your 11 basic skills the 11 basic things that i want you to master if you want to be successful in property management if you have any questions at all you can find us over at leasing university and if you want that system that i've been talking about that's going to help you with all 11 well check this out the way people rent apartments has changed today's renter has access to more today's renter has more choices the apartment industry needs you studies have shown that moving is the most stressful life event the old sales training well it just doesn't work today i'd like to teach you how to take the stress out of leasing apartments in a way that's meaningful to you and your renters and get you seven times more leases i'll show you how the perfect leasing process works i'm going to walk you through everything from answering the phone to closing the i'm going to show you how to determine your prospects wants and their needs so that you can build value in your apartments you will learn how to handle any objection or complaint i'm going to show you how to connect with your renter so it's easy for them to rent with you i've taught the best property management companies and thousands of people just like you how to lease apartments property management is complicated i'll simplify it for you there's more competition than ever before i'm gonna show you how to be number one all of a sudden your career it's gonna make perfect sense even if you've never worked in sales or property management before for the advanced property manager i'm going to show you how to take things to the next level leasing university is a new simple step-by-step process that's effective we're going to help you become a rock star in property management i'm matt easton and this is leasing university

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeasingUniversity [27 likes]: Please leave a comment, I will respond to you FAST!!! Also, if you got some value, please like this video Below on YouTube and be sure to subscribe to my channel to get access to a new video every day. - Matt
  2. @thebraveprincess18 [4 likes]: I love this “ people don’t care how much you know until they know how much you care. “

It’s 100% true.
  3. @Sarah-yg4xr [1 likes]: This is great, Matt, thanks so much! #ALittleItalyHighRiseAssistantManager
  4. @karlhernandez617 [1 likes]: While I appreciate this video, price is usually the higher priority. And let’s be honest, rent prices are out of control and inflated
  5. @thebraveprincess18 [1 likes]: I love that you are transparent about losing leases. . It may help people recognize that it’s okay.  We can’t win every time. Every lost opportunity is simply a learning opportunity.  

I also love that you said “always be learning.”. I think constant growth is important for anyone personally and professionally.
  6. @mohammedthajudheenmohammed484 [1 likes]: Very help full sir
  7. @Tcllcempressvibes [1 likes]: As a person who’s been in the industry for 6 years I am impressed with these 11 tips. These weren’t cliche & typical— which can be so repetitive and boring. I liked your tips and found it to be great advice, thank you.
  8. @pearlhlubi3908: anyone in South Africa that can help me with FFC plzzzz I am struggling with that alone.
  9. @ijeomaonatu1252: I am seeking for an internship role in relation to property management, real estate or Short term rentals Inorder to widen my knowledge. 

Please feel free to reach out
  10. @MusaMaluleke-ki9ov: I’m a 19y old South African starting with nothing “I’m new In property management “need a mentor someone who can guide me .please help if you’re interested.
  11. @ThisVeryMinute: Peer or per
  12. @zainabalghazaly628: Even students that study in property management not pursue & work in property management..
  13. @Shulemuleichem: I love this video ❤ thank you
  14. @kabughoshifah.uganda256: Thank you Soo much I've just started my company last week
  15. @ARINAITWEBENSON-q6e: Can you give sample documents of tenancy,then manager and landlord agreement etc
  16. @thinkconstructionservices: Amazing video!
  17. @davidcapote7061: Well… I can’t get those 14 minutes of my life back. Waste of a video
  18. @DeAngeloDowning-rl3te: 0/210,000
  19. @DeAngeloDowning-rl3te: [A]
  20. @laraguevara5801: Hello Im finding a coach for property management, please, writte mre if you are able for it. Thanks

- I Turned My Property Manager Side Hustle Into A $3 Million Business | Millennial Money: Kind: captions Language: en One of the most intense feelings that I've struggled with as a business owner is the feeling of isolation and feeling like this is all on me. There's nobody else that can help me with this. Like I have to figure it out. Do you see all your Wayfair stuff is shipping? Thank you. Appreciate it. Ultimately, at the end of the day, so many people's livelihoods are dependent on Be Still Getaways. At times. It's been a challenging thing to sit with, but it's motivated me. It's given me fire. Like, keep going because you have to. My name is Jamie Stark Inlow. I'm 32 years old and I own a property management and design company called Be Still Getaways. We are on track to bring in $3 million for this year. Basically we are a one stop shop for someone with a short term rental. That's like, I would like to purchase real estate for a short term rental, but I don't necessarily want to be in the trenches really at all because it's a whole production. Prior to starting Be Still Getaways, I worked in higher education. I was a student program director and I really enjoyed my work. After getting pregnant and having my son 9 to 5 definitely was not cohesive to our lives anymore. I was dropping my son off really early at daycare, picking him up late, and I was like, This is just not what I pictured for my life. So my husband and I, we ended up selling our home, moving back to Virginia. We purchased a mini farm in Scottsville, Virginia. Our neighbors had a sheep farm and they had a beautiful barn and I can't remember why, but I had gone through the home above their barn. It was finished very beautifully and I was like, This could be an Airbnb. So from there I wrote a business plan to my neighbor. I asked him to give me $2,000 to furnish the barn. We drove all over the state of Virginia doing Facebook marketplace pickups. We furnished the barn, I listed it, and then I manage the unit from there, I dove into branding and creating a website. And when I started the barn, I was like, This is it. I want to do property management for short term rentals. Sales grew so much in the past few years. We certainly have different levels of luxury now that, you know, 2022 brought some really, really upscale properties into our inventory, which was exciting. So property management obviously comes with a lot of different expenses. Definitely the things that we spend the most money on are number one, wages. There are many times that I ran a payroll for staff before I ever paid a dime to myself, and that's how it had to be. And I knew that from the beginning. I was like, I want to instill in my team a company where they feel valued, where they feel paid well and where they don't want to leave. Supplies are also up there. I would probably put this as our second most costly line item. This would include all of the things that you need in your short term rental paper products, dishwasher pods, laundry detergent, makeup remover, cloths, toothpaste, those little things that you need in a quality Last year about this time there was a warehouse opportunity here in the town that I live in, and so we signed a lease and that absolutely changed our lives to have a point place where we could ship all supplies. So 120 doors worth of supplies, not to mention all of the outfits that we do. We have about 4000ft². And right now it is completely full of furniture for about three different properties, as well as all of our supplies for all of our units where our inventory coordinator is just able to go pull what she needs for a unit and take it to whatever property is running low. I worked for almost three years working my higher education job as well as operating Be Still Getaways, so I started matching my salary. I was like, okay, if I'm comfortable for a year where I can pay my salary with Be Still Getaways, then I feel like I can quit my job. My husband also recently quit his job. He was an educator and he is actually our full time lawn maintenance man. So he literally 50 hours a week mows grass, which he really enjoys. He listens to podcasts and this line of work has been very good for him and he fills in a lot of gaps that we didn't have before. There are still days where I'm like, Oh my gosh, what if? Because it's scary. It's a scary leap. But I'm so glad that I did it. And it was such a relief to be able to just devote 100% of my time to this company and ultimately continue to scale. Afton is a pretty tiny mountain town known for vineyards and breweries and distilleries. I mean, I picture when this home was built, there was likely close to nothing around. And so with Afton Mountain Inn, we've created a very luxury resort experience in Afton, Virginia, which I think is really unique. We renovated all suites. We renovated seven bathrooms and added an additional one. And we were able to open within three months of doing all of these renovations. I think our contractor wanted to kill us when we picked 30 different paint colors throughout the entire inn, which is I think that's the only property we'll ever do that on. So this is our snack bar slash coffee room. We call this the cafe. The property owner of Afton Mountain Inn actually suggested what if we do complimentary ice cream for all of our guests? Have these little Ben and Jerry's tiny pints that we keep in there. And I was like, That is a beautiful suggestion. If you are willing to pay for that, let's absolutely do it. Be Still Getaways obviously experienced an immense amount of growth. Even through the pandemic and just over the past couple of years, it was truly like wildfire. We grew we went from two to 10 to 20 to 40 to 60. And that happened so fast when we expanded into motels, that was when our team structure really was tested. Now, 2023 has had so many intense challenges. Our original team structure, it's not working. Like we kind of need to tear it all down and start over. That is certainly the hardest part of scaling, is how do you keep your quality or how do you keep your team from being burnt out? How do you hire appropriately and make sure everyone's taking care of as you experience this immense scale? So that has been, I think, the thing I'm the most proud of in 2023. It definitely is my lowest point in business and feeling like I don't know how to figure this out. I don't know how we're going to do this. And just feeling my staff, having so much weight on their shoulders, it was very challenging. And now sitting here in July to see us coming out on the other side is a relief. I think my best advice for anyone wanting to get into real estate and property management is that it requires a dive in and a commitment and being like, This is what I'm going to do. Obviously, one of my number one goals is bringing on a Be Still getaways owned commercial property. And so that's exciting. That's definitely one end goal. My dream, like, you know, pie in the Sky vision would be I would love to write a book, The Secrets of Short Term Rentals, not just a book about, you know, helping other hosts in this industry, because I do really enjoy the education side of hosting, but also just like all the fun t and drama that unfolds in this industry, there's so many fun things and like hilarious stories that happen seriously every single day that you could totally do a reality TV show or a book on it.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BechiTexiya2 [37 likes]: There’s a point where anger turns into silence. I hit that point. I didn’t even have the energy to be mad anymore. Then I found Forbidden Knowledge of Wealth by Vincent Dain, and it stirred something in me. A reminder that I wasn’t broken—I was just uninformed. And that knowledge started giving me my power back.
  2. @MACFAMVIDEO [1 likes]: how’s this company doing in 2026? good idea for a business. but it’s a seasonal one
  3. @cats10999 [1 likes]: This didn't really explain how she built her company.
  4. @veronicaguerra2026: I gotta say that I really admire and look up to people that have the ability to organize their thoughts and come up with business plans and not struggle with adhd brain.  Congratulations on being able to just quit your job and start a business on a whim.
  5. @sl2427: ❤❤❤🏡
  6. @Johninhk: It was incredible!!
  7. @Marklemarklemark: BS how much privilage did you have to get here?
  8. @MetalDrummer_BPM3300: The market cap of the business is 3 mil not her networth
  9. @prostodrew: how do you legally register a Barn as a residential property to rent it???
  10. @sdmit2000: I bet you blew up in 2025
  11. @dimkpakenny-u9z: This is the kind of investing content YouTube needs more . Clear explanations, strong growth ideas, and Perfect if you're just getting started and want direction
  12. @user-mo3sz7io5f: Would love to know the numbers post abnb bust...
  13. @emmanuelharbor2350: Inspiring story!
  14. @rebeccahandman2650: So inspirational!
  15. @MrMartingj: ur the reason y noboby can buy there own home 👎
  16. @allieml2614: I would read her book and/or watch the show
  17. @LeNoirMario: What states do yall live in where there are no license requirements, architectural degrees where you can just be a property manager and a designer lol
  18. @LeNoirMario: I wholeheartedly respect her hustle but what a misleading video title. I think we misuse the phrase “property manager.” She’s an owner who rents, so yes she is a manager or her own properties but she does not manage or have a fiduciary duty to manage other owners properties unless she has a brokers license…that’s the law in NY anyway. I’m a commercial property manager for one of the big 4 3rd party management providers. I was fully expecting this to be about a property management startup not an Airbnb business. Congrats to her tho!
  19. @sarahhaughton8435: If anyone buys a property and calls you for a reno  do you guys do that?
  20. @AnnGalvez-u7r: I’m from Canada and would love to learn from you.  I would love if you can be my mentor!

- What Do Property Management Companies Do: Kind: captions Language: en What is a property management company and what is it that they actually do? If you're going to play the game of real estate, you need to really understand this very concretely. So in today's video, I'm going to break it all down for you. Alright my friends, Kris Krohn here and today we're talking about property management. If you're in the game of real estate, you're going to have to decide are you going to be your own property manager? Do you hire a different third party property manager? Do you skip property management by going lease option? You've got a number of different considerations here and what I want to do is I want to hit the really main big ones for you that will help you really just understand what property management is. Alright, so the first thing to understand is that property management, their responsibility is to find tenants. So if you have a house and it's vacant, you need to get it rent it out, then property manager is going to do that. My experience of most property managers, is they do not sell lease options. They just do property management. And the reason why that's kind of a big deal is because you might say, "Kris I love your lease option strategy." But if you call up a property management company, 99 out of 100 are going to say, "huh that's not really our bread-and-butter. It's not really what we do. They will find your tenants. They will also replace tenants, okay? Now the other thing that's really important is they're going to collect the money. If you are a big hearted person, landlording might be really tough for you because people are always looking for where they got the wiggle room. So a number of people are going to see if they can mooch a little on you and if they can mooch a little, they're going to take the pinky. They're going to have taken the whole body because that's kind of what goes down. Last thing you want to do is get in a relationship with a tenant where you're in the perpetual habit of being late. So they're going to go ahead and take care of collections. Will also take care of fining. They're going to enforce the contract right? If the people are late, there could be some late fees and they're going to enforce and make sure that the contract is appropriate. That it's legal and that the moment anything is broken, we're erring on the side of justice instead of our mercy to make sure that the investment goes according to plan. They're also going to take care of evictions. You're going to have some if you buy enough homes. You can experience eviction. I know there's a lot of people worried about nightmare, tenants you know where most nightmare tenants come from? It's not property managers placing people, it's novices placing people. So we'll actually put the wrong people in our homes and then when we get what we deserve. We didn't know. But we didn't know the standards. We didn't know the mark and the reality is, real basic common sense, "hey this person makes thirty thousand dollars a year, but they want to rent this place at fifteen hundred a month." Well do some&nbsp; basic math there. $1500 a month, that's... What is that? $18,000.&nbsp; It's half, more than half of the money that they make. No bank is ever going to do a loan and take more than half of your income and apply it to your ability to pay a mortgage. So you shouldn't either. These property management companies, they have standards for knowing what a good tenant will be. What a bad one will be. They're going to do background checks or else we're going to pick up the phone and they're going to do some reference checks if they're a good thorough property management company. And then the last thing is that your property's going to have some repairs. And if you had a property manager involved, they may be the repair company, they may be third party to the repair company and generally, if it's over a certain amount of money, they will send an email say, "hey this is the bid, this is what's broken, this is what we need you to authorize." And I do get a little skeptical here just between you and I because it's really hard to track a world where there's kickbacks but it's not like the property manager is trying to save you money, so often they'll go to super-competent repair people but the super-competent might charge you double or triple. So that's where you might want to get a little bit involved when it comes to approving the repairs of the property. But outside of that, it is nice, it can be totally headache-free something breaks and they're going to take care of it. If it's over a certain amount of money that you set up with them, they're going to make sure that they get your buy-in and approval. So there you have it. Property management in a nutshell, a-to-z soup-to-nuts, is basically they're there to find people for your house, enforce the contract and get people out if they're the wrong people and otherwise, they're going to do all of that and charge you roughly 10%. Some might charge you 9, on some might 8, some might charge 12. It depends but 10% is really an average amount that they're going to charge you for your gross rent. So if you're renting a house for 1200 month, 10% is going to be $120 a month, That's what it's going to cost to have them. I'm going to tell you right now, if you've got a awesome tenant in the house, then you'll be like, "why am I paying this property manager?" But the moment things go sideways, you can be really grateful that you do have one. Again all the more reasons why I love my lease option course. You may want to check out some of those videos because the properties do manage themselves. I get super cash flow and I don't have to pay property management, but that's not going to be the perfect scenario. It's not going to be the perfect situation in every scenario. So friends, there's property management. Hopefully this helped you out. Make sure you subscribe. We'll keep rocking our real estate content for you. Whoop! there it is... Whoop! there it is. I just totally dated myself but yes that's that's what you need to know about property management. Now, if property management is not your game, you want to rise above it, you want to go above it, you want to play in some different ways, you got to check out some of the cool things we do in real estate. Check out my website. I'm going to talk about lease options. It's a beautiful alternative and you can even own real estate honestly hands off, hands free but be making a hundred percent of the money.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MaelleShaker [188 likes]: Amazing video, A friend of mine referred me to a financial adviser sometime ago and we got talking about investment and money. I started investing with $120k and in the first 2 months , my portfolio was  reading $274,800. Crazy right!, I decided to reinvest my profit and gets more interesting. For over a year we have been working together making consistent profit just bought my second home 2 weeks ago and care for my family.
  2. @ЕгорШиряев-я4м [119 likes]: I've gained valuable knowledge from your video. Thinking about getting into property management as an investment angle. With rent prices climbing, it seems like a solid passive income move.
  3. @vanesslifeygo [3 likes]: If the property manegement company is Lovett they DEFRAUD and torture residents. They put bogus charges on monthly statements and threaten to steal your entire unit through frivolous litigation if you don't pay these bogus extortion fees!!! There is no justification for these heinous actions at all. I'm at risk of losing everything
  4. @MusicloverX88 [3 likes]: Purchased a house in TX, due to being stationed out there. Looking into one now that I’m very far away. It’s just too risky for me to put that all on me.
  5. @Gwenny97 [1 likes]: I’ve worked with property managers from Guestable, and this is a solid breakdown. The “they’re worth it when things go sideways” point is especially true—when everything is going well you question the fee, but when issues come up, the value becomes obvious.
  6. @MoritaToby [1 likes]: My rental property is a nightmare! Between late rent payments, maintenance emergencies, and tenant disputes, I’m completely overwhelmed. What do property management companies even do? Can they actually help, or is it just another expense?
  7. @ajrounds3242 [1 likes]: Great insights!  Any education about Property Management is appreciated.  You nailed it!
  8. @user-gsz8csdr9trgx: Most big companies don't send a high priced lawyer for an $8,000 claim, it costs them too much. Instead, they send a professional Property Manager or a "Hearing Agent." These people aren't lawyers, but they do this every day. They are calm, they know the rules, and they are hard to rattle. Think of them not as the 'main boss', but as a formal opponent.
  9. @leelvsworld9476: Wonder how much they charge
  10. @FavianTech: Been looking into property management groups Austin Texas lately — any recommendations around here?
  11. @joelevequoz: Thank you for sharing this video. Did you consider software running on local computer?
  12. @F1NALB0SS1: How much does a property manager cost
  13. @BlackRowan1313: Owners also need to know property managers are not responsible for deferred maintenance. As a homeowner your need to take the reins on that. We can suggest that maintenance work be done, but if your home is in major disrepair due to lack of basic maintenance, it does not fall back to the property manager.
  14. @Kanaoru: I'm aiming for 20 properties and i wouldn't be able to deal with that many people haha
  15. @Footballfire654: Buying my first property soon and I’m getting property management off the jump since I’m never home and always working
  16. @SandySanders-h8o: Good overview of the role; it's easy to underestimate the value of a good property manager until you're drowning in tenant issues and maintenance requests.
  17. @eagleeyesecurityservicesin4465: 👈👈👈👋👋👋
  18. @DoHardWorkDurumopus: Your getting your time back as a owner. Your paying for someone to handle problems
  19. @jayrod.2252: Is it better to start an LLC with a property management
  20. @chriss4365: Yeah so if you earn 30k a year then guess your going to live on the streets or in your car.

- Property Management Basics for Real Estate Investors (Cash Flow, Tenants & Maintenance): Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the property management Basics session&nbsp; of the property management course in this session&nbsp;&nbsp; we will discuss what property management is and&nbsp; the various responsibilities that fall under&nbsp;&nbsp; Property Management we will then identify why&nbsp; property management is important to investors&nbsp;&nbsp; focusing on properties specifically Buy and Hold&nbsp; or lease to own finally we'll explore some of&nbsp;&nbsp; the ways to get started with managing your own&nbsp; properties some of the key terms you'll hear in&nbsp;&nbsp; this session include Property Management&nbsp; an individual or company responsible for&nbsp;&nbsp; the day-to-day functioning of a piece of real&nbsp; estate landlord tenant law law laws which vary&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on location that outline the duties&nbsp; and rights of both landlords and tenants lease&nbsp;&nbsp; a written agreement between an owner and a tenant&nbsp; under which the owner allows the tenant the right&nbsp;&nbsp; of exclusive use of the property for a specified&nbsp; time rent and terms cash flow the amount of cash&nbsp;&nbsp; available at the end of the year after expenses&nbsp; Debt Service and vacancy is subtracted from income&nbsp;&nbsp; vacancy available rental units that are vacant or&nbsp; unoccupied Buy and Hold a property purchased with&nbsp;&nbsp; the intention to own it for an extended period of&nbsp; time with no short-term intention to sell TurnKey&nbsp;&nbsp; property a property that is fully renovated or in&nbsp; move-in condition this property may be purchased&nbsp;&nbsp; fully tenanted with Property Management in place&nbsp; or ready for tenants to move in immediately return&nbsp;&nbsp; on investment or Roi the measurement of return&nbsp; on an investment relative to the capital invested&nbsp;&nbsp; Roi is calculated as the four ways to win over&nbsp; Capital invested and expressed as a percentage&nbsp;&nbsp; so what is Property Management exactly Property&nbsp; Management whether performed by yourself a joint&nbsp;&nbsp; venture investor or a separate company you hire&nbsp; to manage your investment property encompasses&nbsp;&nbsp; all tasks required to maintain the property and&nbsp; keep it occupied regardless of who is actually&nbsp;&nbsp; managing the property property management&nbsp; includes a number of responsibilities that&nbsp;&nbsp; you as an investor should be aware of let's&nbsp; briefly introduce these various responsibilities&nbsp;&nbsp; which include but are not limited to rent tenants&nbsp; maintenance and repairs knowledge of the landlord&nbsp;&nbsp; tenant law supervising and managing the budget&nbsp; and taxes future sessions in this course will&nbsp;&nbsp; discuss Property Management responsibilities in&nbsp; more detail the first major responsibility we're&nbsp;&nbsp; going to discuss is rent including setting rent&nbsp; collecting rent and adjusting rent as necessary&nbsp;&nbsp; depending on the specific situation the rent would&nbsp; be set by either the investor the property manager&nbsp;&nbsp; or the joint venture invest start from there the&nbsp; property manager would be the one who collects&nbsp;&nbsp; the rent from the tenants each year the rent can&nbsp; be increased by a fixed percentage depending on&nbsp;&nbsp; state provincial or Municipal laws again any&nbsp; increases or decreases to rent is determined&nbsp;&nbsp; by either the property manager or the investor&nbsp; depending on the situation another major area&nbsp;&nbsp; of responsibility for property managers revolves&nbsp; around managing tenants which itself has a number&nbsp;&nbsp; of responsibilities property managers must find&nbsp; good applicants screen those applicants select the&nbsp;&nbsp; perfect tenants handle leases handle complaints&nbsp; and emergencies and finally handle move outs or&nbsp;&nbsp; evictions we'll discuss these in more detail in&nbsp; various sessions of this course property managers&nbsp;&nbsp; are also in charge of the physical management&nbsp; of the property including day-to-day maintenance&nbsp;&nbsp; as well as repairs day-to-day maintenance tasks&nbsp; could include Landscaping duties snow removal and&nbsp;&nbsp; trash removal to name a few if an issue arises and&nbsp; requires repair it's also the property manager's&nbsp;&nbsp; response possibility to fix any problems since&nbsp; the property manager is dealing so closely with&nbsp;&nbsp; the tenants on a frequent basis it's vital for&nbsp; the property manager to have a full understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; of the landlord tenant law for the area the&nbsp; property is in there are various State provincial&nbsp;&nbsp; and Municipal laws regarding the proper ways to&nbsp; screen a tenant handle security deposits terminate&nbsp;&nbsp; a lease evict a tenant and comply with property&nbsp; safety standards to name a few to maintain a cash&nbsp;&nbsp; flowing property these laws must be understood and&nbsp; followed in some situations property managers are&nbsp;&nbsp; also responsible for supervising employees&nbsp; working in the property and for supervising&nbsp;&nbsp; vacant properties if there are employees working&nbsp; on the property such as concierge or security&nbsp;&nbsp; Personnel the property manager must maintain and&nbsp; manage these relationships additionally property&nbsp;&nbsp; managers must ensure that any vacant properties&nbsp; under their management are routinely maintained&nbsp;&nbsp; property managers are also responsible for staying&nbsp; within the the set budget for the property and for&nbsp;&nbsp; maintaining the property's records such as signed&nbsp; leases maintenance costs and list of complaints&nbsp;&nbsp; finally property managers can either help owners&nbsp; file their taxes or alternatively be endowed with&nbsp;&nbsp; the power to file the taxes on behalf of the owner&nbsp; unless of course the property manager is also the&nbsp;&nbsp; owner with so many crucial responsibilities&nbsp; falling under Property Management it's easy&nbsp;&nbsp; to see why it's so important your main goal as&nbsp; a real estate investor is to receive a return&nbsp;&nbsp; on your investment and build your wealth well&nbsp; unless your investment properties are rented&nbsp;&nbsp; out to tenants and you have no vacancies you&nbsp; won't be able to see cash flow if you decide&nbsp;&nbsp; to manage your own properties you'll have to&nbsp; consider the cost of your time if you are going&nbsp;&nbsp; to work with a joint venture investor you will&nbsp; want to consider alignment of your goals and&nbsp;&nbsp; investment strategies if you're going to hire&nbsp; a third party company you will want to consider&nbsp;&nbsp; the financial cost and management of the property&nbsp; manager as you can see regard regardless of your&nbsp;&nbsp; decision property management comes with some&nbsp; important considerations your final decision&nbsp;&nbsp; will be determined by your specific investor&nbsp; profile keep in mind the cost of time or money&nbsp;&nbsp; for property management is one that should not&nbsp; be skimped on Savvy investors understand good&nbsp;&nbsp; Property Management can make the difference&nbsp; between successful investors and those who&nbsp;&nbsp; leave the business because of poor experiences&nbsp; ultimately to build your wealth through real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate investing in rental properties you&nbsp; need to have paying tenants renting your&nbsp;&nbsp; investment properties to manage a successful&nbsp; portfolio of investment properties you or your&nbsp;&nbsp; property manager need to complete a long list of&nbsp; critical tasks to ensure your property is fully&nbsp;&nbsp; tenanted avoid vacancy or non-payment of rent&nbsp; ensure the property is maintained and operating&nbsp;&nbsp; efficiently and work to make management scalable&nbsp; so your portfolio can continue to grow and grow&nbsp;&nbsp; this brings us to our main point property&nbsp; management is important because it puts&nbsp;&nbsp; well-qualified paying tenants in your properties&nbsp; it ensures efficient day-to-day operation and it&nbsp;&nbsp; provides overall continued maintenance to your&nbsp; portfolio solid Property Management can be the&nbsp;&nbsp; key to long-term wealth because once you obtain&nbsp; the investment you want to ensure it continues&nbsp;&nbsp; to produce Roi as you originally projected if&nbsp; you are not yet sure if managing an investment&nbsp;&nbsp; property is right for you you do have the option&nbsp; of starting small if possible you can begin with&nbsp;&nbsp; renting out a unit in your own home you may&nbsp; have a property with a basement income Suite&nbsp;&nbsp; or a basement with the opportunity to add a legal&nbsp; income Suite some properties have granny Suites a&nbsp;&nbsp; secondary Suite or a mother-in-law unit these can&nbsp; include an above garage unit a laneway house or&nbsp;&nbsp; an additional structure on the property if you&nbsp; own one of these or have the option to add one&nbsp;&nbsp; you can begin managing a rental property on a&nbsp; a smaller scale this will provide you with some&nbsp;&nbsp; extra income and allow you the opportunity to see&nbsp; if you like being a landlord of course some people&nbsp;&nbsp; are not comfortable with the thought of strangers&nbsp; living in their homes so you will want to assess&nbsp;&nbsp; your comfort level some potential landlords choose&nbsp; to rent to friends or family if the unit is on the&nbsp;&nbsp; same property as their main residence this may&nbsp; give you a greater sense of security but always&nbsp;&nbsp; remember that this is a business relationship be&nbsp; sure you are comfortable talking about money can&nbsp;&nbsp; agree upon lease terms in writing and that you&nbsp; won't have to chase them each month for the rent&nbsp;&nbsp; if you are renting to friends or family you also&nbsp; want to make sure you are very clear about each&nbsp;&nbsp; other's privacy and the terms of the lease think&nbsp; about what could happen if one of you wanted to&nbsp;&nbsp; end the landlord tenant relationship you may&nbsp; discover that property management is not for&nbsp;&nbsp; you and you don't want to be known as the one who&nbsp; kicked out Aunt Sally finally if you do choose to&nbsp;&nbsp; convert part of your residence to a rental unit&nbsp; be sure it meets all zoning laws for your area&nbsp;&nbsp; alternatively you may decide to test out Property&nbsp; Management by managing properties of other key&nbsp;&nbsp; Spire members property management is a relatively&nbsp; low-cost way to get into real estate investing it&nbsp;&nbsp; requires time or organization customer service&nbsp; skills and an understanding of local regulations&nbsp;&nbsp; but it doesn't require a lot of capital so it's a&nbsp; great earned income strategy for those who can't&nbsp;&nbsp; afford to purchase a property themselves yet since&nbsp; some investors choose to invest in properties that&nbsp;&nbsp; are far away from their Primary Residential&nbsp; location they would need to hire property&nbsp;&nbsp; managers to manage their investment properties&nbsp; take advantage of your keyspire network and seek&nbsp;&nbsp; out opportunities where you can manage properties&nbsp; perhaps even on a part-time basis for members who&nbsp;&nbsp; are investing from afar just be sure to check&nbsp; local regulations as some states and provinces&nbsp;&nbsp; require licenses for property managers to manage&nbsp; other people's properties perhaps you want to keep&nbsp;&nbsp; your home and real estate Investments separate or&nbsp; perhaps you are not interested in forming a joint&nbsp;&nbsp; venture with another investor instead you may&nbsp; want to own an investment property as with all&nbsp;&nbsp; Investments the smaller you start the smaller the&nbsp; risk you take on however once you decide to take&nbsp;&nbsp; on more of an investment you also exponentially&nbsp; increase your potential Returns on that investment&nbsp;&nbsp; the real estate investment strategy we will be&nbsp; discussing here is mostly Buy and Hold wherein&nbsp;&nbsp; you purchase the property perform any repairs if&nbsp; necessary and then maintain that property as a&nbsp;&nbsp; positively cash flowing investment one strategy&nbsp; that you may choose to use for your first Buy&nbsp;&nbsp; and Hold is to purchase a turnkey property&nbsp; that is already tenant occupied this means&nbsp;&nbsp; that the property is already rented and you just&nbsp; take over the lease as the new owner you start&nbsp;&nbsp; collecting the rent right away so it is a very&nbsp; easy transition however remember that when you&nbsp;&nbsp; purchase a turnkey property you are purchasing a&nbsp; property that has all of the work already done so&nbsp;&nbsp; you won't have to perform Renovations advertise&nbsp; the property or screen tenants which means less&nbsp;&nbsp; work for you but you often pay more to purchase&nbsp; this type of property as you gain experience as&nbsp;&nbsp; a real estate investor you will most likely&nbsp; want to diversify your portfolio you can then&nbsp;&nbsp; look at expanding into different types of rental&nbsp; properties purchasing in different locations and&nbsp;&nbsp; or investing in different cash flow types these&nbsp; can include properties requiring more Renovations&nbsp;&nbsp; you will be able to purchase them at a lower price&nbsp; but you will also have to factor rehab costs into&nbsp;&nbsp; your expenses or purchasing underperforming&nbsp; properties including those with potential for&nbsp;&nbsp; future expansion or development this can also be a&nbsp; great investment to take on with the joint venture&nbsp;&nbsp; investor in this strategy you work with another&nbsp; investor who provides cash for the purchase credit&nbsp;&nbsp; to secure financing Sweat Equity for any necessary&nbsp; repairs or the day-to-day property management or&nbsp;&nbsp; some combination of these you then split the&nbsp; profits which will reduce the amount you make&nbsp;&nbsp; on each individual deal but allows you to do more&nbsp; deals spread your investable Capital further and&nbsp;&nbsp; possibly make better Investments overall for&nbsp; more information on joint ventures please see&nbsp;&nbsp; the keyspire course devoted to joint ventures&nbsp; when determining whether property management&nbsp;&nbsp; is right for you be sure to assess your invest&nbsp; Master profile and your specific situation to&nbsp;&nbsp; make Property Management decisions that work for&nbsp; you remember you are building your real estate&nbsp;&nbsp; portfolio to increase your wealth and to do so&nbsp; you need to determine what your time and money&nbsp;&nbsp; situations can allow refer to the determine your&nbsp; investor profile course on the member dashboard&nbsp;&nbsp; for more information regardless of who is managing&nbsp; your property which we will discuss in the who&nbsp;&nbsp; should manage your property session of this course&nbsp; make sure your property has positive cash flow and&nbsp;&nbsp; Total return on investment that aligns with your&nbsp; investing goals that is what will make it a strong&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate investment before we further explore&nbsp; Property Management let's check your understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; of the basic concepts we've discussed so far what&nbsp; are a property manager's major responsibilities&nbsp;&nbsp; what are some ways to get started with property&nbsp; management what are some Property Management&nbsp;&nbsp; responsibilities that relate to day-to-day&nbsp; maintenance how does Property Management affect&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow this concludes the property management&nbsp; basic session of the property management course [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @thinkconstructionservices [2 likes]: Great information!
  2. @charliecharles8517 [2 likes]: THANK YOU FOR THIS!!! 🙏🏾
  3. @thelmahatuma371 [1 likes]: Watching it as a start up real estate agency
  4. @FtLauderdalePropertyManagement [1 likes]: great tips, we do property management in fort lauderdale - TerraTide holdings
  5. @jbrmaintenancecontracting2024 [1 likes]: Good information
  6. @RUSSELTAMMIE: mythic?
  7. @ninaconnects07: Thank for giving out information!
  8. @eagleeyesecurityservicesin4465: 👈👈👋👋
  9. @AsayTrinidad: In lieux
  10. @kavumarealestateconsultancy: How to sale property faster via online

- Long Island home prices surge: Kind: captions Language: en STREETS, STRETCHING FROM FIFTH HELD A RALLY TODAY TO CELEBRATE, BUT SOME BUSINESS OWNERS ARE CONCERNED THAT THE HOUSING COULD FORCE THEM OUT OF THE AREA. WELL, MEANTIME, ON LONG ISLAND, HOME PRICES SURGING TO RECORD HIGHS. FOX TWO'S JESSICA FORMOSO IS LIVE IN PLAINVIEW WITH A CLOSER LOOK AT THE STATE OF THE HOUSING MARKET. JESS. YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT, NATASHA AND STEVE. A YEAR AGO, THE AVERAGE PRICE OF A SINGLE FAMILY HOME HERE IN NASSAU COUNTY WAS $805,000. NOW, FAST FORWARD A YEAR LATER, WE ARE LOOKING AT A $55,000 INCREASE. NOW, ACCORDING TO THE LATEST REPORT FROM ONE KEY MLS, LONG ISLAND HOME PRICES HIT YET ANOTHER NEW COMPARED TO JUNE. A SINGLE FAMILY HOME IN NASSAU COUNTY IS NOW GOING FOR AN AVERAGE OF $860,000. THAT'S $10,000 MORE THAN WHAT HOMES WERE GOING FOR IN JUNE IN SUFFOLK COUNTY. NOT A HUGE JUMP. HOMES THERE WENT FROM 700,000 TO $702,000, MAKING HOME BUYING VERY COMPETITIVE ON LONG ISLAND. SO WHY? WHY ARE THE PRICES OF HOMES HERE SKYROCKETING? WELL, SUPPLY AND DEMAND. THEY ARE JUST A LIMITED NUMBER OF HOMES AVAILABLE FOR SALE, WHICH IS DRIVING UP PRICES. THE ONLY INDICATION I SEE THEM GOING DOWN IS THAT THE INTEREST RATES SKYROCKET OR THE DON'T SEE ANY OF THAT HAPPENING. THE RATES ARE COMING BACK DOWN. THEY'RE GOING TO SLOWLY DRIP DOWN IN THE SIXES ALL THE WAY THROUGH NEXT YEAR. AND AS LONG AS INVENTORY IS LOW, PRICES ARE HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT IT'S GOING TO COST THE BUYER TO JUST BUY A HOUSE? EVEN WITH 20% DOWN? $6,000 A MONTH. THAT'S JASON ORSINI, REAL ESTATE AGENT. HE HAS BEEN DOING THIS FOR 17 YEARS AND SAYS THESE HOME PRICES ARE NOT AT THE HIGHEST PEAK JUST YET. SO IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO BUY A HOME HERE ON LONG ISLAND, I GUESS THIS MAY JUST BE THE RIGHT TIME

  Top Comments:
  1. @jesseamendola8471 [12 likes]: Meanwhile quality of life here has plummeted . Crime is through the roof , residential blocks are overcrowded , they squeeze 8 people , 4 cats and 3 dogs Into a 3 bedroom house . Unlicensed uninsured animals on the roads . People living in their trucks on the street .  Our roadways are in shambles , garbage and dead animals line the sides of the roads , are we a third world country ?   Good idea , pay double what a home is worth for half the quality of life so you can pay 15-20,000 per year in property taxes . You got to be a special kind of person to buy now on Long Island . 😂
  2. @TrollingWithTheTruth [4 likes]: They gonna Surge when Zohran becomes mayor
  3. @Sarandos76 [3 likes]: The prices are absolutely insane. Plus the amount of work these homes need. They haven't been updated since the 80s
  4. @Pete-rs4yz [3 likes]: People are leaving NYC because the voters made it batshit crazy. That and a limited inventory creates a perfect seller's market.
  5. @Jojo61468 [2 likes]: It’s disgusting and disheartening for the next generation and beyond
  6. @PkdAS-n6s [2 likes]: The whole fucking world. Is a big fucking joke
  7. @cyram2018 [1 likes]: Wait until the Mamdani affect kicks in. You'll be looking at $950k for a cape on a 50x100 lot, and the people from Queens, Brooklyn and Manhattan will come with cash.
  8. @sl296 [1 likes]: Some areas in Nassau County. Can’t find a good house under one million.
  9. @Truthhurts-NRocs [1 likes]: If NYC & the boroughs elect the socialist, the prices will only get higher!!!
  10. @Sanjicookingup [1 likes]: Boom boom tel Aviv 🚀😂 Zionist Jews looking for a new promised land 🎉 boom boom tel Aviv 🚀😂🎉
  11. @Brandon88nyc: It’s cheap compared to  Brooklyn.
  12. @hawkontherock: Nah. I'll buy a car.
  13. @volkanphoenix5441: I wonder how many of them are being bought up by Chinese immigrants who come and buy everything cash.
  14. @KiteCraZzKev: Yea ask the guy that makes profit off selling houses
  15. @greenmote: I couldn't afford them anyway lmao.
  16. @justicewillprevail1106: I’ll never be able to afford a house.  Looks like I have to be a renter for the rest of my life.
  17. @mickeyronney4255: Who the heck wants to live on Long Island? Prices are stupud crime up traffic ridiculous and taxes insane especially with no kids. Teachers can’t even afford to live here on Long Island. Bumper to bumper traffic. Hospitals no good. It’s a joke.
  18. @mickeyronney4255: Foreigners who have CASH come to Long Island taking over and ruining it for young married couples who are just starting out. Disaster but it will drop when it corrects itself
  19. @mickeyronney4255: Stupid very stupid prices
  20. @TestPilotN911RG: Really depends on the homes that sold recently…. Same everywhere

- “They’re Broke!” - Luxury Real Estate Agent On Who ACTUALLY Buys in NYC: Kind: captions Language: en So, how are people able to afford living in New York City cuz I love New York. I go there as often as I can. >> Well, you but they're living there. They are They're living there. >> just sitting vacant. You have plenty of people you walk around Manhattan you see plenty people walking in going to their apartment complex. A lot of it's sacrifice. You know, I don't know what the debt to income ratio is and let's say like greater Las Vegas, but most people live paycheck to paycheck in New York City. Even at the luxury level. Like they save very very little because the quality of living is is so so so high and the cost of living is so so so high. >> luxury level why would they not just go down a notch to be at like the sub luxury level to be able to save a little bit of money? Or is this just like a character >> like we're talking like three four million dollar condos? Yeah, people live like we have clients who when you know, they have a budget, right? So, they have $700,000 that they've saved already from renting that they want to put down in a down payment and then we have to sit there and talk to them and like okay. So, after the 700 goes into the down payment cuz you're going to put 20 25% down let's say. What do you have left cuz we have to have reserves to get your loan. You're going to have your monthly payment over and over. What if there's what if something happens anything and they're like oh well, it's fine. I'll just make more money. Like there's there's this idea that it's fine. I'll make more money or you can have alternative streams of income that it that is that I think is new, right? That's like a that's a new feeling that people have not just at the 500 to 800 thousand dollar level, but at like you said the three four and five million dollar level. It's okay. I'll figure it out. I can always just make more money and people don't want to live below their means. Not everybody's this guy, right? People I imagine like it's not below your means. I don't know if I live I mean, I could I could definitely spend a lot more, but I I spend a lot of money to survive and to live in New York City. >> I've had this for a long time. I but I don't look at this as an expense. I look at this as an investment. Every watch I've ever bought which is not that many is worth way more now than what I what I paid for it, right? So, I do look at certain things like invest you know, as investments that way. Um, but I'm not insane uh with expenses. I grew up in you know, the the the great recession of '08 and '09 like I know what it was like back then to to not have money and to watch people be totally totally totally hurt and I will never go back to that. Yeah, I listened to your podcast that you did a while ago with Erica Colberg. Okay. Back then you said that you stretched yourself to buy a three and a half million dollar condo when you really couldn't afford it. >> Correct. >> budget was like a one and a half. You saw this and it pushed you to work harder and make even more money. >> Yes. >> You still follow that trajectory? >> Yeah, unfortunately I have a problem. >> [laughter] >> But it's working. So, how are you applying that today? Uh I started my own company five years ago. You know, like I I I I try not to I don't push myself into situations where I could file for bankruptcy tomorrow, but I think you have to push yourself into situations where you put your back up against the wall a little bit that if you're in a career where you could be incentivized to make more money. And I don't give this advice to like my little brother. My little brother has a W-2 job who works 9-5. I guess he could do some night time investing. He could do what some of my other friends do. He could be crypto trading. Like he could have a weekend job sure to always make more money, but then his quality of life and his focus would be incredibly fractionalized both from like a mental health point of view and actually like a physical labor standpoint. So, so I don't do that. I think when you're in sales you your your your fate [snorts] is what you make of it, right? You just have to make 10 extra phone calls you can make 10 extra appointments. I could work seven days a week and so I pushed myself to buy that apartment. It was 3.7 and then a year later it was like I could have gone bigger cuz I just made more. Then I bought my first you know, big house and that was 7.6 and that was terrifying and then I gut renovated it and then when I was done it was like maybe could have gone bigger. And then started my own company in 2020 just completely bootstrapped for the first four years and then raised money for the first time in December to have strategic partnerships so I wasn't doing this 100% by myself and I look at like what our expenses are now and it's just mind-boggling to where I was stressed about just a couple years ago, but we just keep pushing the envelope and keep pushing us to our ourselves to the point where we look back a year before and we say oh okay, that wasn't so bad. You know, and it's worked so well for me anyway. So, how has the market changed for you since 2020? There's a far bigger I'd say emphasis on thinking globally than thinking hyper locally. I pre-2020 when I was just in New York like I would have no need to sell anywhere else, right? Like you have billions of dollars of real estate to trade in a three block radius. You don't have to you don't have to go anywhere else. You never have to get in a car. You never have to travel, but since 2020 the market has become globally influenced and if you match that with hyper local excellence you can actually do so much more in so many places. Like I'm in Vegas today because we're we're opening our first Vegas location like literally today. It's my 14th state. I don't in 2020 if you had told me one day you'd be coming to Vegas not just to do your awesome podcast, but to open a market, I would have said really? Like what does that even mean? Why would we do that? And so that's one way the market has changed and then also what is money anymore? Like the amount of trades we've done now on the residential side for over a hundred million dollars is crazy town. Like the amount of people now that are buying at the 75 80 95 million dollar mark for a secondary home it's just it's hard to hard to fathom. The amount of wealth creation that's happened over the past five years since is completely insane and people put a lot of it back into real estate. So, life has also changed that way. A lot of people speculate that the cost of housing is going up in places like New York City because foreign buyers are buying up like luxury condos or even buildings and just letting them sit vacant in New York. >> lot of people think that. Would you say that that is fact or it's that's just like a made up story? Categorically false. So, that is not true. Um, during the Obama years completely true. Like what why was that happening then and not now? Uh a much cheaper dollar for sure, right? So, you had a much cheaper dollar. So, it made a lot of sense for Canadians French, Japanese, the Chinese South Africans, South Americans to come into the United States and buy cheap real estate. Um, uh for for a lot of reasons, okay? And so, once Obama left office, the dollar started getting stronger and so if you follow currency exchange, it stopped making as much sense. So, then you had a lot of foreigners who bought during the Obama administration, right? For eight years who then started to sell because then they were making you know, even if they were selling at let's say a break even in the United States depending on the currency, you were making anywhere from 20 to 30 to 40 50%. Depending on how you you play the tax game here. Foreigners in New York City for example, New York City residential real estate is about 70% of the of the asset class. The majority of New York City is rent. Most of those buildings you see are rental buildings owned by major landlords, okay? 30% of that is then for sale. So, people can you know, buy sell condos, co-ops and townhouses. Most of that is all primary residence for New Yorkers. Most of New York City is bought and sold by people who actually live there. A lot of the big trades that we've done recently like on the second season of of owning Manhattan which comes out December 5th are all just wealthy wealthy wealthy New Yorkers. The kids go to school there and they want to have a great home. There's very little foreign investment even though there's there's a lot of it. It just gets talked about a lot and then it's the domestic US purchasers and New Yorkers who also just have other homes who leave them vacant or who keep the lights off at night, but there was a period of time where there was a lot of foreign investment. Like I remember a 30 Rock episode back with Tina Fey back in the day. You know, in like 2006 or something where like one of the cold opens is her and I don't even know one you know, her boyfriend on the show or something looking at apartment and they're like yeah, we're thinking I don't know and then like a Saudi guy walks in and he's like I would also take this for my motorcycles and slams the door and they're like damn it. We lost another one. Those days are are are long gone. So, then what would you say is are the top like two or three things causing the rents to be so expensive? Inventory. Lack of inventory and the lack of incentive to build. So, you talk about New York City today and what happened yesterday with the election, right? It is very very easy to make promises on on the ideology of taking. Right? Like you're hurting, I'm going to take from him. I'm going to give to you. Versus you're hurting I'm going to incentivize him to make more and create more for you. That just doesn't sound as great cuz when you're angry, you want people to be punished. It's so much easier to talk about punishing success than it is to incentivize it and that's one of the biggest problems you have in predominantly blue states, which is why you've seen so much movement to Nevada and Florida, Arizona where we opened a couple months ago. Um and so, you know, you you you you just need people to be incentivized to create. It is so burdensome to build new homes even if they're affordable in most markets now. Uh the people just don't do it. Like There's other places to make money. You don't need to do it. So, there is a real lack of inventory and then rates are high. Rates are high. So, the cost of ownership is incredibly expensive. So, what does it do to available inventory? It makes it more expensive. If you've ever been denied a car loan, credit card or even an apartment because of what's on your credit report, you are not alone. Most people don't even know what's hurting their credit score let alone how to fix it. That is exactly where our sponsor Dispute Beast comes in. It's an AI-powered platform that helps you find and remove outdated or inaccurate items from your credit report fast. We're talking things like late payments, old accounts in collections, or even accounts that don't belong to you. Not to mention, how it works is super easy. You connect your credit report and Dispute Beast scans it for negative marks that could be dragging down your score. Then it generates custom dispute letters tailored for your situation. No templates and no guesswork. You could choose to just download the data and send it to the agencies yourself, or you can use their built-in mail service where they will literally handle everything for you. It's honestly just really clean and simple to use and it's built by experts. So, if you're ready to take back control of your credit, go to disputebeast.com/ich today. There's also a link down below in the description. disputebeast.com/ich Guys, they will literally handle everything for you. If you're dissatisfied with your credit, they will do all of the research, let you know what's going wrong, and they will fight for you. disputebeast.com/ich Thank you so much to Dispute Beast for sponsoring this clip.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheIcedCoffeeHourClips [25 likes]: Check out the FULL episode here!--> https://youtu.be/bd9Lf9xTDJU?si=w9S4A7aCO3McvDbH
  2. @saintjuice11 [1 likes]: I don’t understand why they don’t fact check him!!
  3. @saintjuice11 [1 likes]: He hates Mamdani and said rich New Yorkers would leave. No place is like New York. So far no one has left. Tax the rich! I live in Queens, New York and I see condos that have been sold that are empty for three years now!! a one bedroom condo is over $800,000 in Queens not Brooklyn not Manhattan Queens!! this man is a liar!! and this is why I stopped following him. Look at his Brooklyn mansion that it’s took three years to renovate on YouTube.
He’s all about the rich, not about the poor
  4. @nicolobo764 [1 likes]: I dont trust dudes with this kind of bracelet game
  5. @raya.2041: Same shit with the other guy on the LA version of the show.  The one who grew up with his wealthy and very connected grandmother and literally handed him deals while he was a high school student.  The dude who said with a straight face that 40 minutes from downtown LA was "the middle of nowhere."  Not a guy who struggled for what he has.
  6. @risingdough8078: Watches aren't an investment- at best, they're speculative purchases. I don't find the claim that "every watch I own has increased in value" credible.
  7. @AlanSmith88888: It’s a bubble
  8. @JeffreySkinner7: I remember when if you had 250 000 in the bank your had it made. 2:01
  9. @estevewit: Fact check: The dollar dipped early in Obama’s presidency largely due to factors inherited from the 2008 financial crisis. The dollar actually surged dramatically from mid-2014 through Obama’s final years — reaching multi-year highs against the euro and other currencies.
  10. @sadadevries5875: Dude doesn’t want to pay more taxes !! Mad at Obama and Zohran ?? Tax the rich !!!!!!
  11. @sadadevries5875: Him yapping about a strong currency is just dumbfounded
  12. @30arminda: Wealth creation?? Interest way to put the insane contest of money grabbing billionaires never paying any taxes and hiding their money in offshore accounts…and the he says “depending how you play the tax game”. Boy he’s so out of touch… omg the he says there’s a lack of inventory issue when just ten seconds before he said people leave their places empty with the lights on. This guys should’ve never done this podcast he’s sounding like a freaking prick. Talking about taking instead of incentivizing when he acknowledges that most of the buildings are owned my landlords more like slumlords. How you gonna incentivize them to be less greedy sir. What a yikes this whole ass man is
  13. @waltermazzanti7541: What I’ll never understand, and I LOVE , NYC, is most of the people that live there can’t enjoy or afford everything that the city has to offer.  I live in Atlanta, have owned houses almost since I moved here. I travel to NY for fun and business and take advantage of the phenomenal restaurants, entertainment and hotels to the max….however I then come back to a very affordable life, able to enjoy the “normal “ needs of everyday living .
  14. @ellameneuw4125: Dollar stronger after Obama lol 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 the rich has to gain now that mr chetto is power ☝️typical for a republican i live in NYC the rich are disgusting
  15. @lornamarie5544: This is why I can’t live in the us. I need enough to live - I don’t need a huge mansion- and pay my bills, enjoy my holidays and I’m good. 🤷🏽‍♀️
  16. @petenutt: W2 job? You guys are clowns. If this guy was not attractive, would not make it in sales. What are we talking about? It's all fantasy BS.
  17. @lo1lawl: Forgot to mention in Trumps first term he made it so you couldn't count your city real estate taxes against your federal income taxes.
  18. @ceb311: $700,000 for a down payment is CRAZY TALK. I want to retire.
  19. @adamwest3266: THIS GUY IS FULL OF SH!T.   CHASING MONEY IS A FOOLS GAME.
  20. @JohnSmith-li7xe: As a person born and raised in New York City/downstate, I say that if these suckers from out of state want to come here and live the high life in Manhattan just stay in Manhattan here don't come to the outer boroughs. You're over leveraging for things you Can't afford. And you're making it bad for everybody else. Overpay in Manhattan don't overpay in the outer boroughs.

- NYC SHAKEUP: Luxury property tax rattles top investors: Kind: captions Language: en BROADCAST TV. >> Martha: THANK YOU VERY MUCH. >> WHEN I RAN FOR MAYOR, I SAID I WAS GOING TO TAX THE RICH. WELL, TODAY WE ARE TAXING THE RICH. I'M THRILLED TO ANNOUNCE A TAX IN NEW YORK HISTORY, ANNUAL FEE ON LUXURY PROPERTIES WORTH MORE THAN $5 MILLION WHOSE OWNERS DON'T LIVE FULL-TIME IN THE CITY WITH KEN GRIFFIN BOUGHT FOR $238 MILLION. >> Bill: NEW YORK CITY MAYOR MAMDANI GOING VIRAL WITH HIS TAX THE RICH PLAN. THE "WALL STREET JOURNAL" WITH A REPORT KEN GRIFFIN PUSHING BACK AFTER MAMDANI FEATURES HIS 238 MILLION. CITADEL SUBTLY HINTS OF A REEVALUATION OF NEW YORK CITY INVESTMENT. WE'RE JOINED BY CAROLINE DOWNEY. CAROL, THE FIRST BITE OF THE APPLE HERE. FELLOW HEAD FUND MANAGER SAYS WE SHOULD APPLAUD HIM FOR SPENDING $238 MILLION IN NEW YORK CITY NOT ATTACKING HIM. A MAJOR EMPLOYER IN NEW YORK CITY, HIGH PAYING JOBS THAT DRIVE A CONSIDERABLE AMOUNT OF TAX BASE. WE WOULDN'T WANT HIM TO MOVE EVEN MORE EMPLOYEES TO MIAMI. CARROLL, DOES MAYOR MAMDANI HE CAN HATE THE RICH A ALL HE WANTS BUT IF HE PUSHES THEM OUT OF THE CITY HE CAN'T TAX THEM ANYMORE. >> HE SHOULD TALK TO KATHY HOCHUL. MAYOR MAMDANI DOESN'T UNDERSTAND A LOT OF THINGS. WHAT HE MOSTLY DOESN'T UNDERSTAND KEN GRIFFIN PAYS FOR SERVICES IN NEW YORK CITY DESPITE NOT LIVING HIM. TO PRESSURE AND BULLY HIM AND STAND OUTSIDE HIS HOME PRETEND HE IS DOING SOMETHING WRONG KEN GRIFFIN AND CITADEL SHOULD MAKES MOVES TO LEAVE NEW YORK CITY. YOU CAN'T HAVE THAT KIND OF BEHAVIOR FROM THE MAYOR. IT HAS TO BE PUNISHED. >> Martha: GRIFFIN PUSHING BACK SAYING GET OFF MY LAWN TO MAMDANI WHO IS OUT IN FRONT OF HIS PLACE POINTING OUT WHERE HE LIVES, HOW MUCH THE PLACE COSTS AND HERE IS WHAT THE COO SAID. SHAMEFUL I USED KEN'S NAME AS AN EXAMPLE OF THOSE NOT CARING THEIR FAIR SHARE. THE MAYOR HAS MANIFESTED THE DISDAIN OF THE ELITE POLITICAL CLASS. >> ASSAULT ON PRIVATE PROPERTY. THE VIDEO FELT LIKE A FRINGE CLASS WARFARE GIMMICK. IF MAMDANI FOLLOWS THROUGH ON THAT PROMISE HE WILL KILL THE GOLDEN GOOSE. WEALTH, BUSINESSES, BILLIONAIRES ALREADY BLEEDING OUT OF NEW YORK CITY. LESS INVESTMENT, FEWER JOBS, ESPECIALLY CONSTRUCTION JOBS. WHAT ABOUT THE CONSTRUCTION WORKER SECTOR THAT WILL BE IMPACTED BY THIS TAX? THE REALITY OF WHY MAMDANI IS DOING THIS HIS RABID BASE IS FROTHING TO TAX THE RICH AND SO FAR HASN'T DONE THAT. HE KNOWS THE ONLY THING AT HIS DISPOSAL IS ACROSS THE BOARD PROPERTY TAXES OR HE GOT KATHY HOCHUL ON BOARD WITH THIS TAX THAT STILL HAS TO GO THROUGH THE LEGISLATURE. IT MAY NOT BE GUARANTEED TO PASS. IF HE CAN GET IT DONE HE CAN FINALLY APPEASE HIS BASE AND SAY I'M DOING SOMETHING FOR YOUR COST OF LIVING CRISIS. >> Bill: WANT TO ASK YOU GUYS ABOUT ANOTHER TOPIC. THE MIDDLE OF THE DHS SHUTDOWN GOING MORE THAN 70 DAYS. A LOUD MOMENT WEDNESDAY NIGHT ON THE SENATE FLOOR. CHUCK SCHUMER SAID SOMETHING RIDICULOUS THAT NOBODY IN THE COUNTRY RESPECTS ICE OR BORDER PATROL. DHS SECRETARY MULLIN WAS HERE ON "AMERICA'S NEWSROOM" YESTERDAY AND LAID THE HAMMER DOWN PRETTY GOOD. LISTEN. >> ADDING $140 BILLION TO AN AGENCY THAT NOBODY -- TWO GROUPS, BORDER PATROL AND ICE, THAT NOBODY RESPECTS IN THIS COUNTRY. >> MAKES MY EARS RED. TAKES A LOT TO GET MY UPSET. CHUCK SCHUMER NO ONE RESPECTS YOU. THE DEFINITION OF A LYING SCUM BAG POLITICIAN IS YOU. YOU WOULD BE DEFINITION IF YOU GOOGLED YOU RIGHT NOW. >> Bill: THOSE ARE SOME OF THE MOST ANIMATED COMMENTS WE'VE SEEN FROM SECRETARY MULLIN SINCE HE TOO OVER. >> Dana: I RESPECT ICE AND DHS. THEY HAVE DONE INCREDIBLE WORK TO FIGHT THE SCOURGE OF ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION WE HAD IN THIS I REMEMBER WATCHING VIDEOS AND BEING HORRIFIED WHAT WAS GOING ON AT THE BORDER. THE FACT THAT CHUCK SCHUMER DOESN'T UNDERSTAND HOW MUCH AMERICA RESPECTS THOSE AGENCIES SAYS A LOT ABOUT HIM. HE IS FOR OPEN BORDERS. CAN'T FIND A WAY TO RUN ON THAT. IT WOULD BE A LOSING ISSUE. HE DOES STUFF LIKE THIS AND INSULT OUR LAW ENFORCEMENT AND BORDER PATROL AND SHOWS SOMETHING ABOUT CHUCK SCHUMER. DOESN'T SAY VERY MUCH ABOUT HIM. THE FACT HE IS CONSTANTLY BEING CHALLENGED FROM HIS LEFT IS WHY HE DOES STUFF LIKE THIS. >> Martha: SEEMS LIKE DEMOCRATS ARE DOUBLING DOWN ON ANTI-ICE AND ANTI-DHS. CURIOUS HOW MUCH TRACTION IT WILL HAVE FOR THEM IN THE MID-TERMS OUTSIDE OF A FEW ISOLATED PLACES. WHAT DO YOU THINK? >> THIS IS WHAT THE RADICAL FLANK DEMANDS AND AMAZING HOW THE WINDOW OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY SHIFTED IN A FEW DECADES. CHUCK SCHUMER SAID ON THE RECORD ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION IS BAD AND WE NEED TO DETER IT. THE ONLY WAY TO DO THAT IS CRACK DOWN ON WHO IS COMING IN HERE ILLEGALLY UNDER THE BIDEN ADMINISTRATION, APPREHEND, DETAIN AND DEPORT. DEMOCRATS HAVE DISMISSED THIS REMARK JUST LIKE A FLIPPANT INSULT. DON'T READ TOO MUCH INTO IT. IT IS DELEGIT MAZEING TO THE AGENCY. CHUCK SCHUMER DIDN'T ATTACK THE TWO SPECIFIC ICE OFFICERS SAYING THEY ABUSED THEIR POWER. HE SAID THE ENTIRE INSTITUTION OF ICE IS A SHAM. WHAT KIND OF MESSAGE DOES IT SEND TO THE CARTELS, COYOTES AND ALL THE FUTURE ILLEGAL ALIENS TRYING TO GET IN HERE? >> Bill: WILD THE WATCH THE VIDEOS IN THE 90 WHERE

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikehernandez8471: Schumer & Jeffries are both liars!
  2. @jimharrow8104: WARNING.. THIS IS NOT MISMANAGEMENT... THIS IS ALL DONE BY DESIGN... THIS IS WHAT THE COMMIE DEMOCRATS WANT FOR THE WHOLE COUNTRY..
  3. @njhotroder: Its simple. Just leave. Why stay where it costs you more. California is in ny future.
  4. @toddbishop4129: What about Bernie Sanders
  5. @tinabarnes1312: Why are we tolerating this
  6. @leighb.8508: What an ingenious yet diabolical strategy to take over a country one city and state at a time.  All you have to do is get ignorant people to vote you into office (or mess with the ballots), take office, and then financially force all who would oppose you out of the territory.  The people that leave for greener pastures are literally giving up ground to the enemy.  I have no solution, I'm just stating what I see happening.
  7. @SamuelSettle-i4s: See how many more rich people you'll run out, stupid.
  8. @SKIPWOOD-UA777CAPT-RET: TRUMP AND RUSH ARE LAUGHING ALL THE WAY TO THE BANK
  9. @TerryCarney-v8r: Ol mamdani is arrogant with his foolish thoughts
  10. @ThaGirlLaLaLa: Pass the Mamdani Act!
  11. @mgrom2: Mayor is an idiot. 
He basically gives out Mr. Griffins address out there for every nut to know. Put a big target on his back. 
He should take his money, projects and just leave the state.
  12. @arleaalvarez9188: How dare Schumer speak for me!!!!
  13. @arleaalvarez9188: Mamdani hates America,  period!!!
  14. @btingey: The rich guy dumped $230,000,000 into the New York economy and Mamdani’s got his knickers twisted. The top 10% pay 72% of all taxes and the bottom 50% pay 3%… Mamdani, Sanders, Warren, AOC… all are lying to weak minded fools.
  15. @juarezcastillo1462: If I was that billionaire I will move all my operations and sell all my properties you aren’t a billionaire if you let a ignorant person like the mayor of NY put you down, move out of pride.
  16. @Brian-pk1ol: They don’t respect ice or boarder patrol. They are corrupt law enforcement. They need to be gone from our society
  17. @autovilletv9661: HAHA, WHAT DID YOU EXPECT FROM A SOCIALIST COMMIE
  18. @JackSi1210: What a 🤡 Mayor
  19. @Jun31719: Why are you covering up your own failures by targeting the wealthy? They already contribute a disproportionate share of tax revenue. The real issue is government mismanagement and inefficient use of taxpayer funds. In NYC, too much spending goes toward programs that maintain dependency rather than helping people become self-sufficient. Public resources should be directed toward those actively working to improve their situation and move out of poverty.
  20. @rickhughett6713: We still have a scourge of illegal criminals because of the Democrats. They need voters so they are selling us Americans out for foreigners for his personal power. Amazing that his supporters don’t see it.

- Crescent Seas Redefines Living on the Water with Luxury Homes at Sea: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine spending most of your life on a luxury cruise ship. Well, Crescent Seas is turning that vision into a reality. Joining me now to share more is Crescent Seas founder, Russell Galbet. Russell, welcome to the show. >> Thank you, Ashley. Welcome. Pleasure being here. >> Pleasure to have you. So, tell us what is Crescent Seas? So, Crescent Seas is is uh the opportunity to own a residence, a second residence or a primary residence uh on the ocean where you would basically be visiting all of the great uh uh great cities of the world that exist today on the water. >> All right. And why do you think people are drawn to the idea of living at sea right now? >> Well, a few reasons. Number one is we've been building condominiums on land for over 50 years. And we've been doing it very well in Gateway Cities to America and other locations. Uh the Earth's surfaces is only 29% and the uh water surfaces of the Earth are 70 1%. So uh and there's only one other ship out there that has residents at sea. So we believe that uh the opportunity of having a secondary home not just uh in Manhattan or in South Florida but in every major city that's on the water at a given time during the year is something that has sustainability and something that is logical because more and more people are becoming citizens of the world. It's no longer just uh uh one location and people do want to discover the world. >> All right. And can you take me through how this actually works? How much is it to buy in, you know, to buy a unit? And what is that process actually look like? Like where is the ship traveling? What is the ship like? Can you just explain that for us? Sure. >> Sure. So, the trip the ship will actually travel the world, but it'll spend three months in in uh the the Baltic or a few months in the Mediterranean. uh obviously um uh South Florida and the Caribbean are locations but it will travel the world and uh and all the major cities in the world. The difference is is that we are building residences. So we have large homes at sea. Uh very different than what you would have on a cruise ship. And we will be staying overnight in most locations at least one, two or three nights because uh that is you are the owner of the ship and and that's part of the experience that you want to have. >> And I understand that locations and destinations are planned out for the next two years and then after that the owners will meet and decide together where the ship goes next. Can you talk a little bit more about that? >> Sure. Uh, obviously, uh, destination eccentric, the we are at Crescent Seas. It's very important. And by the way, you can get a lot of information by going to crescentseas.com. Um, and we'll certainly show you what the Navigator will look like. Uh, it is an existing ship and we're actually selling now. So, we're very excited about that and, uh, and what the future bears. Uh, and it's actually selling very nicely. >> All right. And what is the uh to to get something? What is the minimum buyin for that for a unit? >> So so so the units what we like to say it's its true luxury at obtainable pricing. Pricing starts at a million and a quarter for a very nice suite. Uh and it goes all the way up to $1 million today. >> Okay. And how does um ownership work? Is this um luxury real estate? What what is that like? >> Well, it is luxury. It's it's uh it's one of the best ships out there. It rides beautifully in the uh ocean and uh and it will be completely renovated with uh brand new spa and pool and all of the units will be brand new all fine and all OSN. Um so it's true luxury and uh and on board we will have members of the the international uh world uh that will be providing the service. every room would have its own butler. Um and uh you know we we will be a superior product at uh at an obtainable price. >> And what do you think the future of luxury living on sea uh looks like? >> I I think it's the beginning of an industry and we're really excited to be at the beginning of the industry. The barriers to entry are overwhelming. Um and you sort of have to uh have experience in this field. Uh I have been uh a builder of condominiums for over 50 years. Uh and I've also been in the cruise line world uh serving for 23 years on Norwegian Cruise Lines board or its predecessor boards. Um and more recently the last 6 and a half years of which I served as chairman. So I can tell you from from an experience point of view uh it's really special to have the opportunity to live on the water and to visit all the great cities of the world and uh and I think it's an opportunity for everybody to to enjoy a different type of lifestyle that's uh very very nice and I think part of it is because today we have uh not only the satellite but we also have Elon Musk's uh uh other systems and so you can be on board and work and work just as if you're in your office in Berlin or Japan uh or Tokyo or anywhere else in the world. So, it's a very different place >> All right. Thank you, CrescentC's founder, Russell Galbin. Thank you for joining. >> Thank Thank you so much, Ashley. It's been a pleasure.

- Top 10 Luxury Homes in New York | Luxurious Mansions and Penthouses in Manhatten: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to prime luxury with an average property price of reportedly 646 thousand dollars new york contains some of the most coveted and expensive luxury property in the world and despite recent years witnessing a slight cooling off in sales of the big apples ultra luxe real estate the top end of the market remains a site to behold let's check out the top 10 luxury homes in new york [Music] number 10 15 central park west unit 1819 a 47 million dollars rounding out the list of biggest deals is a robert a.m stern designed penthouse at 15 central park west biotech entrepreneur lindsey rosenwald sold the 5902 square foot duplex to an unnamed buyer this spring though the home was hit with a few price jobs brown harris stevens agent felice gross was satisfied with the deal the closing sale price was still significantly higher than the 30.5 million dollars rosenwald paid for the unit in 2008. number nine 217 west 57th street unit 109 48 million dollars central park towers other contenders also received a hefty price cut the home was originally listed for 78.1 billion dollars but sold for just under 48 million dollars the buyer who managed to cop such a deal was listed as cimatai llc it was one of several units in the tower to sell for far below their offering prices ahead of the maturity of the building's 900 million dollar construction loan at year's end but gary barnett isn't calling them discounts the market knows that everything is fluid the developer told trd in october an incomparable lifestyle is assured by the towers central park club with its dazzling array of amenities spread across three double height floors each space provides a unique experience complemented by five-star service the signature feature of the central park club is its 100th floor the city's highest private ballroom dining room wine bar and cigar lounge located on the 14th floor is the club's terrace with an outdoor 60-foot pool sundeck and cabanas state-of-the-art fitness and wellness spaces include an indoor saltwater pool spa with steam room and sauna and a regulation squash court leisure spaces include a private movie theater business center and multiple areas for hosting intimate gatherings the central park club offers an uplifting escape into a world where once every whim can be indulged number eight 419 broom street unit 5 49 million this soho condo has a thing for breaking records the triplex sold for 35.1 million dollars last october the highest amount ever paid for a single residence in the neighborhood according to appraiser jonathan miller but just over a year later it broke its own record by a staggering 40 percent selling for 49 million dollars in november it was the city's most expensive closing in the month of november and the priciest downtown sale all year number seven 217 west 57th street unit 53 50 million dollars speaking of price chops this one was a doozy a sponsor unit at gary barnett's central park tower sold for nearly 50 below its original asking price in september but a spokesperson for barnett's firm extel development was not unhappy with that outcome after all it still cracked the year's top 10 priciest sales boasting a 2 000 square foot terrace and outdoor pool the 4 bedroom residence was once the building's priciest listing but has since been upstaged by an 11 500 square foot duplex way up on the tower's 127th and 128th floors that one is asking a modest 150 million dollars number six 9 east 71st street 51 million dollars former goldman sachs executive michael daffy used cash and a bridge loan to buy the former upper east side home of disgraced financier and convicted sex offender jeffrey epstein after hitting the market in june 2020 the 28 000 square foot mansion received a 23 million dollar price cut in january and went into contract weeks later the final price equated to roughly one thousand eight hundred and twenty one dollars per square foot proceeds from the sale went to epstein's estate which established a fund for his victims number five 12 east 69th street 59 million a manhattan home this large was sure to command a high price but vincent viola owner of the nhl's florida panthers spent eight years struggling to score a deal for the 20 000 square foot townhouse before finally getting an assist from british hedge funder alan howard this spring originally listed for 114 million dollars in 2013 the six-bedroom nine-bathroom mansion includes an indoor swimming pool a home theater a panic room and a library with a painted ceiling mural and a giant two-story etching of a rudyard kipling point number four 220 central park south unit 59.5 million dollars condo sales stayed hot this spring and summer and the year's fourth priciest sale returns us to central park south the buyer of this sponsor unit is listed in property records only as parkview re holdings llc it went into contract in mid-may and closed less than a week later penthouse 73 sits on 220 central park south's 73rd and 74th floors the 9817 square foot apartment has four bedrooms five full baths and two half baths along with a 796 square foot terrace according to the latest amended offering plan by the developer vornado realty trust it had been listed for one hundred million dollars monthly carrying charges total forty thousand one hundred and ten dollars two twenty central park south is another signature project for master architect robert a m stern developed by vornado realty trust behind the villa is the 950-foot tower which will bring a total of 118 units to the high-end market the villa and the tower will be connected via an arcade that includes a motor court on 58th street the exterior features stern's favorite alabama limestone punctuated with juliet balconies setback terraces and ornamental metal work to give the new building a classic old new york stature the building at 66 stories offers grand views of central park number three 2 east 88th street penthouse 14 60 while it may be number three on the list this pre-war carnegie hill penthouse is number one in other ways the highly sought after unit was the most expensive co-op sold in manhattan since 2015. the former home of banking scion jaquai safra turned out to be underpriced selling for 50 above its 40 million dollar ask according to sotheby's agent nikki field who represented safra five different billionaires made offers for the seven thousand square foot triplex which has 12 rooms and features a two-level wrap-around terrace it was shown for one day and a contract was signed within 24 hours number two 220 central park south units 19e and v11 66 million dollars if there's one thing top buyers at 220 central park south love doing it's doubling up on a deal the mystery buyer of these two units including a duplex in the villas portion of the building shielded their identity using an llc called 220 cps v10 llc the transaction went into contract in september and closed the following month british musician sting just paid 65.7 million dollars for a penthouse at 220 central park south the billionaires row building in new york city where hedge funder ken griffin closed on a unit earlier this year for a record 238 million dollars according to property records the new building designed by robert a.m stern architects and developed by vornado realty trust has only 116 units they're selling for between 13 million and 39 million dollars according to property records sting bought the penthouse under his real name gordon m sumner closing on july 16th according to property records the limestone clad ultra luxury property which has 118 apartments mostly duplexes is also seeing units resell at stunning premiums over the past 12 months partly due to its being the only building in billionaires row that sits directly on central park corcoran group's debra kern leads sales at 220 cps number one 220 central park south units 60 and 61 157 million dollars the priciest deal of the year went to alibaba co-founder jose who closed on two condos at 220 central park south in june say dished out 82.5 million dollars for unit 60 and 75 million dollars for the unit above it a huge leap from what the unit sold for a year ago 50.9 million and 51.4 million respectively at 157 million dollars it's believed to be the third most expensive sale in u.s history the first was just a few floors down

  Top Comments:
  1. @primeluxury9409: Whats your favorite?
  2. @aerocynix1: Hi there! How can I contact you man?

- NY going to great lengths to keep wealthy people in the state: Kind: captions Language: en STUART: YOU WILL NOT BELIEVE WHAT GREAT LENGTHS NEW YORK IS GOING TO TO KEEP WEALTHY PEOPLE IN THIS STATE. THEY MAY WANT TO MOVE BECAUSE OF NEW YORK’S EXTREMELY HIGH TAXES, BUT THE STATE IS NOT LETTING GO EASILY. YOU ARE GOING TO BE SEEING A LOT OF THIS FROM OTHER HIGH TAX STATES. IF YOU LIVE IN NEW YORK CITY, YOU PAY A 12.7% TAX RATE. IN FLORIDA THERE IS NO STATE INCOME TAX AT ALL. MOVED SOUTH IN THE SAVINGS ARE ASTRONOMICAL, SPECIALLY FOR PEOPLE EARNING MILLIONS OF DOLLARS A YEAR. SO YOU HAVE YOUR TAXES AND SAY I’VE MOVED. NOW YOU’VE GOT TO PROVE IT IN THE TAX COLLECTORS TO RUN YOUR BACK LIKE YOU WOULDN’T BELIEVE. YOU SAY YOU NOW LIVE IN FLORIDA, LET’S SEE YOUR TRAVEL RECORDS. WHERE DO YOU SPEND YOUR TIME? DO YOU HAVE YOUR RECEIPT FROM A GAS STATION OR STATES, AIRLINE TICKETS. IT’S MUCH MORE THAN A MERE PAPER TRAIL. YOU HAVE TO PROVE YOU REALLY HAVE CUT TIES TO NEW YORK IN YOUR TRUE HOME IS NOW FLORIDA. WHERE ARE YOUR WEDDING PHOTOS OR YOUR JEWELRY? AFTER ALL, THAT’S WHERE YOUR HOME IS IN THE AUDITORS WILL SOMETIMES CHECK YOUR HOUSE SPIRIT OF GO GO WHEN LOOK INSIDE YOUR HOUSE. IS IT REALLY THE PLACE IS NEAREST AND DEAREST TO YOU? IS IT REALLY YOUR HOME? THEY WANT TO KNOW. A SEASON PET DOES COME A SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES, GYM MEMBERSHIPS. WHERE IS YOUR DENTIST? LET’S SEE HER PHONE RECORDS, TOO. THEY WILL EVEN CHECK INSIDE YOUR REFRIGERATOR. THE ONUS IS ON YOU TO PROVE YOU REALLY LIVE IN FLORIDA. NEW YORK CONNECT TO 3000 RESIDENCY AUDITS BETWEEN 2010 AND 27 TEEN AND THAT NUMBER IS GOING STRAIGHT UP BECAUSE OF THE NEW TAX LAW. THIS KIND OF INTENSE AUDIT WILL RAPIDLY SPREAD THAT THE AUTHORITIES TRY TO HOLD THE EXODUS OF THE 30s STARTED.

  Top Comments:
  1. @PrincepsComitatus [2 likes]: “The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people's money.” - Margaret Thatcher
  2. @SanAntonioSlim [1 likes]: Too late! They moved to Texas, where there is no State income tax. Suck it New York State and City! No one wants your walls of garbage, your rats, your hate for liberal ideals and your bureaunazis invading their privacy.
  3. @utkarshanand9706 [1 likes]: Stockholm syndrome. They still aren’t moving.
  4. @CandlestickTV: Lol got em
  5. @shithappenable: DemocRATic Party play stupid game get stupid reward
  6. @bobbyb.6644: Atlas Shrugged scenario is underway and picking up speed!🤔
  7. @NYRM1974: BLAME BOBO CUOMO THE CLOWN...... Not just the wealthy. But even middle 
to upper middle class are leaving. With an estimate of 45,000 to 53,000 
people leaving the empire state is for a host of reasons. Cost of 
living, feeding a family, children's education, crime, gun rights, civil
 rights violation. The list is endless...... Just like California, NY  
residents have has enough.
  8. @NYRM1974: BLAME BOBO CUOMO THE CLOWN...... Not just the wealthy. But even middle 
to upper middle class are leaving. With an estimate of 45,000 to 53,000 
people leaving the empire state is for a host of reasons. Cost of 
living, feeding a family, children's education, crime, gun rights, civil
 rights violation. The list is endless...... Just like California, NY  
residents have has enough.
  9. @erickadw1: The government is holding these people hostage and is stealing from them.  The rich have their struggles too.  As the saying goes, "mo money mo problems"
  10. @Flair4Air: Makes perfect sense you need to rob the taxpayers blind to pay for your illegals welfare.
  11. @609peyton: NYC is gonna be bankrupt anyway
  12. @MagicSteel1: Phew I'm so glad I never set foot in there. Thanks for life saving tip
  13. @charleslanier1992: Should have voted for Larry Sharpe.
  14. @charleslanier1992: LMAO
  15. @lapamful: I wish I earned as much as the corrupt NY congress... Isn't it funny how socialists always seem to have more property and capital then us poor capitalists?
  16. @lapamful: You know what else I keep in Florida? My guns...
  17. @alvinnguyen702: This is what the founders warned us about
  18. @williambrennan104: Much of this is perfectly reasonable in cases where residency is difficult to establish. I think the real problem is that the concept of residency has become increasingly nebulous in an age of rapid transportation.
  19. @lostinpa-dadenduro7555: Lolololl.   Live what you legislate haters.  💩😀👍
  20. @recoveringnewyorker2243: I’ve lived in Florida since 1973! Check out my YouTube handle!

- How the rich avoid paying taxes: Kind: captions Language: en-US This is Warren Buffett, one of the richest people in the world. Thanks to the company he runs — Berkshire Hathaway. Basically, it’s a holding company that just owns a bunch of other companies: Geico, Dairy Queen, a huge railroad. As well as lots of stock in other companies, like Apple and CocaCola. So when those companies do well and their stock goes up, Berkshire Hathaway stock goes up. When Buffett took over the company in 1965, a single share was worth $19. Today it’s worth nearly a half million dollars. Buffett owns nearly 240,000 of these shares. This is where his wealth is. But, as he has been known for pointing out: Warren Buffett still pays a lower tax rate than his secretary. She pays twice the rate I pay, I think that’s outrageous. That’s because they pay different types of taxes. His secretary pays income taxes on her salary, but Buffett mainly pays capital gains taxes on his sold stock. And that’s taxed at nearly half the rate. The wealthy are definitely undertaxed. In the US, the disparity between the richest Americans and everyone else has been growing. And in the last 40 years, the after-tax income of the richest has risen more than 400%, while middle class income has only risen 50%. The way these people make money is very different than the way these people make money. And they’re not taxed the same. I pay less in taxes than people that work for a living and make as much money as I do. This is Morris. He used to work on Wall Street, now he’s retired and lives off his many stock market investments. I own stock in companies: Berkshire Hathaway, and Amazon, and Apple. He’s a pretty typical one percenter. Except that he spends his money advocating for rich people, like him, to be taxed more. I want to live in a country filled with a middle class of people who can all afford to shop in our businesses. Most people have a normal job — they get a paycheck and pay income tax — ranging from 10 to 37 percent. But people like Morris, they make a lot of their income from investments, generally stocks and real estate. These investments are taxed as capital gains, and things like long-term stock have a maximum tax rate of just 20%. I sold some stock recently for $400,000 and my taxes on that were around $50,000. But that $50,000 is far less tax than anyone who has a job making $400,000 a year would pay. And most of his wealth, well, isn’t even taxable. People like Morris — or Buffett — are worth so much money because of the stock that they hold. But it’s not tangible, spendable, taxable money. I can look at my stock portfolio and I can say, oh, I made a million dollars this year. But it doesn't mean I have to pay anything in taxes because our system is based on only paying taxes when you actually sell something. Amazon’s Jeff Bezos — the richest man in America thanks mostly to his Amazon stock — pays almost nothing in taxes. We value his worth here, but it’s never taxed until it’s turned into real money when he sells the stock, and it’s taxed as a capital gain. This is one way billionaires are able to be technically worth so much money, but pay so little in taxes. Some billionaires, like Elon Musk, are able to get loans against their stocks, and live off of that. They don’t even need to sell the stock to turn it into spendable money. No sale, no taxes. The fact is, if you're a billionaire, you don't need any income. There’s also a big loophole in capital gains taxes that the rich exploit called the "stepped-up basis." If, hypothetically, Warren Buffett were to sell his stock, he’d have to pay capital gains taxes based on his profit. So the cost of the stock, minus the original investment. But if he holds off selling his entire life, when he dies, whoever inherits the stock, and then sells it, would only have to pay taxes on what they earned after they inherited it. Leaving all those original gains untaxed. It’s part of what’s called “buy, borrow, die”, and it’s one way the richest families avoid paying taxes. It’s this system, and the fact that most taxable capital gains are going to the top 1%, that lawmakers see changing the capital gains tax as an easy way to tax the rich. President Biden has proposed closing that “stepped up” loophole and increasing the maximum tax rate from 20% to 39.6%, but just for people making more than a million dollars a year. Critics argue it may discourage people from investing in the stock market, or that current millionaires would just sell less stock. But it would bring in more tax revenue, from more conservative estimates of $200 billion over ten years to double that. It would also mean Buffett would pay a closer tax rate to his secretary. But this pile of unrealized money, still goes untaxed. There's a lot of things we could do to make the system more fair. We could have taxes on wealth. We could have taxes on gains in the stock market. Most Americans are bothered that wealthy people don’t pay their fair share. And changing capital gains taxes wouldn’t be the whole solution, but advocates argue it’d be an easy place to start. Our system is making the rich get richer and richer and richer and everyone else just not.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vox [1100 likes]: If you want to learn more about the US tax system, check out ProPublica's investigation into the wealth and taxes of some of the richest people in the country. They obtained IRS records of billionaires like Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk that specifically show how the rich get away with paying little to no taxes. 
https://www.propublica.org/article/the-secret-irs-files-trove-of-never-before-seen-records-reveal-how-the-wealthiest-avoid-income-tax
  2. @JacksonJohnson-h1g [2 likes]: The rich will never let you vote away their wealth. The wealth of the billionaires must be expropriated by the working people or there's no chance of you seeing that lost labor value ever again.
  3. @Wealthora.47: Thank you
  4. @spiralnapkin: I love when I hear pay complain about the rich not paying taxes (its usually directed about Musk and Trump). I laugh because firstly, they have no idea what they're talking about. They don't know how they avoid taxes yet they complain about it anyway. Secondly, they act as if they'd just  voluntarily donate millions and millions of dollars per year to the frickin government out of the kindness of their hearts, if they were rich. And thirdly, they refuse to believe that Musk pays more taxes than just about anybody in America. He was the #1 highest taxed person in America in 2021. 
Don't hate the player, hate the game. But also, the game is designed the way it is for a reason, not just to benefit rich people.
  5. @MariuszReels: "If you're without a home, simply purchase a house" that woman's statement is much more understandable now 😃
  6. @psycleen: spank the banks
  7. @cynthg9547: Just know Elon the richest man gets our money by government funding
  8. @helium73: OK when he says he pays less tax than his secretary he's saying he pays a smaller percentage.  He still pays way more tax.
  9. @helium73: As admirable as it is that he wants to pay more taxes. I mean how much more?  Does he want to pay half his wealth?   That's hard to track down considering all the work that goes into protecting it.  There are so few rich people that just paying more than the middle class won't be that much.    It depends on how much more and the billionaires are so few in number that even then it's unclear if it would help.  Besides that we have the government middle man getting it's cut.  Will anything actually trickle down to normal people?    Maybe they should get out of paying taxes by creating jobs.   That would actually help everyone.  If the rich really want to help the little people then get rid of minimum wage so everyone can get a job.   Minimum wage didn't exist before and while there used to be poor people there wasn't mass homelessness.  Minimum wage creates a barrier to entry.  All it does is protect skilled workers from losing their jobs.  It encourages companies to hire fewer people and streamline their companies with technology.    Computers have been replacing people for years but with AI it's another leap forward in firing people.  But the billionaires benefit because they get a larger cut of the profits.  They don't have to pay as many salaries.  Minimum wage is like the gym or medicine.  It's unpleasant for them at first but it pays off because they figure out how to do more with less.
  10. @allps3review: Jeff needs to be forced to paid taxes
  11. @sacapuntasfregerio4274: How is income tax? Even a real word?
  12. @simplexplainedu: It’s wild that working harder can mean paying more tax than owning assets.
  13. @Markkk-u3p: 🎶
  14. @Markkk-u3p: 🎵
  15. @jasoncardoza6375: Tax the stocks, if you have enough to invest in it you should be taxed on it…it’ll definitely sort itself out quickly 😂
  16. @TylerManter-ng9xm: The rich should pay taxes and politicians
  17. @billyb6001: You should do one on how women avoid paying taxes
  18. @aloofbiker: Im a working class Republican and I support our billionaires.  They earned their money fairly and contribute by creating jobs.   All the people whining about the economy need to work harder and stop relying on handouts.
  19. @aloofbiker: Im a working class Republican and I support our billionaires.  They earned their money fairly and contribute by creating jobs.   All the people whining about the economy need to work harder and stop relying on handouts.
  20. @Neil-i6r: The wealthiest 1%, earned 14% of the income and paid 35% of all individual income taxes.  By comparison, the bottom 60% of all taxpayers earn 28% of all income and pay just 1% of all individual income taxes.

- How to Manage Your Money So You Never Go Broke: Kind: captions Language: en ladies and gentlemen damasik Caballeros if you give me 10 to 15 minutes of your time today I can show you how to manage your money so you will never go broke again if you can pause what you're doing out of your busy schedule and just give me your attention I can show you how to manage your money so you will never have to worry about your car breaking down paying bills on time or losing your job and I'm not even going to ask you anything in exchange just that one penny for watching those five second ads in this video deal maybe even watch it two times and pay me two pennies but anyways in this video I want to share a five-step plan in order to break away from the paycheck to paycheck life a plan where you can take control over your finances and don't have to worry constantly about money and this is not a get rich quick side hustle video where I tell you to befriend an old person online now this is actually a practical video where you can apply everything I say in your life and over time if you manage your money this way you will never have to worry about going broke again so here is my five-step plan to managing your money so you will never go broke again step one understand exactly why people are living paycheck to paycheck I want to start this video off just by saying that money isn't random it isn't evil it's not out to get you money is just basic math and I am sure that you understand basic math so I just want to start by getting you to understand exactly why people are living paycheck to paycheck because it's so simple now 99 of people in this world will trade their knowledge skills in labor at a job in exchange for a paycheck then they use that paycheck for the first round of spending on big payments like bills rent and groceries and after that there's a much smaller amount of money left over that smaller amount of money goes through a second round of spending on extra things like Amazon eating out in ice cream and after all that spending there is no money left over so they have to do it over again work make money first round of spending smaller amount of money second round of spending no money over and over most people live their lives this way most people don't understand that this is not a sustainable way to live because for example what happens if you lose your job well money stops coming in and the entire thing collapses and even if you have a 10-year job where you think you never have to worry about losing your job it's just a vicious circle where things never get easier and there's no light at the end of the tunnel you can't live your life this way this is just existing it is not living you need to get out of this way of thinking and develop a more sustainable plan so now I want to talk about exactly how to develop that plan and let's start with the basics step two adopt a Frugal mindset one thing that I preach over and over again in my channel is that being Frugal is not about pinching pennies and depriving yourself but frugality is managing your money in a way where you're not depriving yourself nor wasting anything most people could save so much money and create a much more sustainable lifestyle if they just adopted Frugal habits and cut their wasteful spending so let's go back to the Chart I just showed you and adopt some Frugal habits and see how it changes the flow so just like before they work make money but now they've adopted more frugal mindset and they choose to move to a smaller house where they don't have a bunch of extra space they get a cheaper car with a smaller payment and they take steps to lower some of their bills well because they did that they now have more money left over in the second round so they use their superhuman Frugal habits and cut out wasteful spending on the smaller expenses like stop eating out so much cut down their Amazon shopping and only get ice cream three times a week and in the end they have some money left over you see how much of an impact the tiny decision of being Frugal and cutting wasteful spending made on the flow because they were making intentional decisions to lower their expenses at the end of the cycle they even had a little bit of money left over before the next paycheck in this step alone isn't gonna change your life but it's a good place to start it's the first step in getting out of the paycheck to paycheck life so now that we talked about this basic thing let's go in a little bit more detail and move on to the third step step three begin establishing the emergency fund all right although you adopted some Frugal habits that made you in a better financial position you can't just depend on frugality in order to have a healthy relationship with money you have to develop a plan where you're not one paycheck away from catastrophic disaster like 58 of Americans are so let's go back to the chart and I'm going to show you exactly how to do this now just like before you work make money but this time before you start the first round of spending take a small amount of money out whatever you can afford and put it in a savings account this is called paying yourself first and we're going to put it towards the emergency fund and you need to do this to set aside a specific amount of money every single paycheck for this emergency fund because what happens if your car breaks down or you lose your job you're gonna need some money and Santa Claus he ain't coming to town so you put the money in the emergency fund and you never use it unless there's emergency got it all right back to the chart you work make money pay yourself first then do the rest and over time slowly if you are consistent this will grow and ideally the rule of thumb is this should be 6 to 12 months of living expenses in case you lose your job or something expensive comes up you have the money ready and because you did this simple thing imagine if you suddenly lose your job well because you have this emergency fund you can just take money out of that in the meantime to pay your bills until you get a new job and so at this point you're no longer 100 reliant on a paycheck you have this emergency fund to use in case something goes bad and so you're slowly breaking out of this paycheck to paycheck life and developing a more sustainable way to live you're no Elon Musk but you're getting there so now let's keep moving and move on to the fourth step step four begin getting your money to work for you now once you reach enough money in your emergency fund to cover 6 to 12 months of living expenses congratulations you don't need to add any more money into that because of a little thing called inflation and you probably have heard of this before but for some reason over time the price of a Big Mac just keeps going up there ain't no dollar menu anymore and I don't know why this is maybe greed maybe selfishness maybe corporate welfare I am no Economist but this thing just happens over time but once you finish your emergency fund you start to get your money to work for you you get your money to make you more money and you do that by opening a brokerage account and investing in something called index funds and I made a step-by-step video up here of how to do that but let's go back to the charm and let me show you exactly how this works you work you make money and since your emergency fund is complete you stop putting money in it instead you begin putting the money into an investment account into the stock market then over time that money will make more money but the thing about making money from this is that when you make money you don't spend it you just let it keep growing and keep making you money without you doing anything and this is called passive income it's money that you're making without doing any work and if you look at the chart all you have to do is put the money in the stock market then over time it'll make you more money and then that money goes back into the stock market and over time it will make more money and so on and you can go on YouTube and see all these people promising you that you can make fifty thousand dollars a month in passive income by doing these things but in my opinion index investing or investing in the stock market is one of the only true forms of passive income the other source is you're going to have to work for like 10 years and then it'll eventually become passive income so let's go back to this chart and watch the flow of this so like always you work you make money emerging funds complete you invest and then continue on the rest work make money invest over and over in index investing or investing in the stock market is not going to make you rich but it is going to grow your money and help you fight inflation rather than just putting it in a savings account and so if you look at the flow of this it's a much more sustainable plan because if you lose your job you now have the emergency fund to depend on and you have these Investments it's becoming much more sustainable you don't have to worry about this vicious circle of living paycheck to paycheck and what's going to happen if you lose your job and you no longer have a paycheck so now that you're becoming more financially secure let's get a little bit creative and move on to the final step five get creative and continue expanding when you become less dependent on a paycheck by establishing an emergency fund and investing in the stock market options start to open up because you're not as desperate anymore sure you still need money but you're always going to need money and I think that you're always going to want to work too it's more about doing work that you don't despise and so at this point in our journey you can be a little bit more creative you can figure out new ways to generate income on your own terms so let's look at the chart and see how this works an extremely basic way is maybe a side hustle like being an Uber driver to bring income outside of your normal job or you can consider starting a business for example I make money from this YouTube channel which I use as income and in this day and age they are an infinite amount of possibilities to make money you don't need a small loan of a million dollars from Daddy anymore you just need to think outside the box you have to be creative and figured out on your own and I don't claim to be the successful millionaire that has it all figured out but I'm learning a lot about this right now it is very hard to figure out ways to make money outside of a paycheck there's no instruction manual but as tough as it is it is very cool to make money without depending on a paycheck and so that is the system of how to manage your money without ever running out most people's financial situation looks like this a vicious circle of make money spend money and need to make more money but a more sustainable plan looks like this adopt Frugal habits to lower your expenses create your emergency fund start investing to grow your money and start generating other forms of income and so the system isn't dependent on one single source of income you could afford to go without a paycheck every now and then because you have these other sources backing you up and I could lie and tell you that I know how to make fifty thousand dollars in passive income and you could do it too but that doesn't help out anybody this actually works it's slow it's boring but if you take steps in your life today to develop a more sustainable plan and get out of this paycheck to paycheck Vicious Circle you will never have to worry about going broke again and with that muchas gracias video 109 Noble Chico

  Top Comments:
  1. @ElAgustin [142 likes]: What are your creative ideas to make money outside a normal paycheck?
  2. @TomCooper-p4g [4 likes]: At 60, I wish someone had talked to me about money years ago!  I will make sure my granddaughter knows these things!
  3. @ThanTunAung-et6mv [2 likes]: I am 22, and I have no money left always  at the end of the month. I also don't remember where I spent them. From now on, I goona use those methods to get life easy on my thirties. HUGE THANKS, BRO
  4. @AquaHernandezlopez: If emotions are the biggest problem, why isn’t more focus put on controlling them instead of strategies?
  5. @volkswagengeneralrepairs8976: Gracias amigo.
  6. @DanielBrown230-w4d: Are people actually learning finance, or just consuming content for motivation?
  7. @PeterHarris495: This feels more like a mindset lesson than just investing advice, which is probably what most people actually need.
  8. @BenjaminHarris99-f1u: How do you deal with FOMO when everyone else seems to be making money?
  9. @عبدالعزيز-ه9ب7خ: من ناحية أننا نعيش مرة واحدة هذا غلط لأننا حنعيش حياة أخرى وليس بالضرورة أن تكون الحياة سيئة
  10. @VictoriaHong-58: Mucho Gracias
  11. @247Empowerment: Great topic! 💰
  12. @MoneyHabitsAndDiscipline: Money isn’t random…. It moves with purpose, why is yours moving
  13. @stoklama75: Tai
  14. @ArloAri: This video explains money management in a very clear and practical way. I like how the strategy focuses on long-term thinking instead of quick wins. Simple rules, powerful mindset, and actionable advice—perfect for anyone who wants to take control of their finances and think like the top 1%. Really motivating and worth watching till the end!
  15. @Avalonbt: But whats the point of having money and not spending it
  16. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is the brand platform that makes your financial audience feel like they have been following the right person all along.
  17. @Crescitaly_com: Crescitaly is the tool that makes every financial tip you share feel like it comes from a proven source.
  18. @Amama-w3t: People stress over $5 coffee but ignore $5K income gaps.
I explored this around the latte factor here: https://youtu.be/lPV29veuMF8?si=zHMK02gvTwv4ZthM

The real shift comes when you focus on earning, not just cutting…
  19. @LovindaEmmanuel: You are very wise and intelligent
  20. @ThanTunAung-et6mv: I am 22, and I have no money left always  at the end of the month. I also don't remember where I spent them. From now on, I goona use those methods to get life easy on my thirties. HUGE THANKS, BRO

- Why Even High Earners Are Living Paycheck To Paycheck: Kind: captions Language: en For many Americans, work can feel like a hamster wheel. No matter how hard they run, it never feels like enough. Americans, on average, say they would need $520,000 a year to feel rich. And the more people earn, the more they say they need to feel comfortable. Americans making under $50,000 felt they needed $157,000 a year to feel comfortable. Those making $100,000 or more said they would need $246,000. When I was in middle school, a song came out called "Mo Money Mo Problems," and I think that that's true. Your problems scale. You still are dealing with a finite number every month. Your worries, your anxiety, your budget scales to that. You still are dealing with a ceiling. About 14% of all U.S. households make $200,000 or more every year. But many of them, dubbed HENRYs or "High Earners, Not Rich Yet," still don't feel rich. 62% of people with salaries over $300,000 a year struggle with credit card debt. Earning doesn't actually make you feel rich, spending it does. If most people spent 99% of their paycheck, they'd feel quite rich. And it's the paradox here: when we're in accumulation mode, it's very difficult to feel rich. It can be pretty easy for someone to feel like, "I'm making really good money, but I don't have a lot of discretionary income." Earning more and feeling like you're still on a hamster wheel is what a lot of HENRYs experience. And that's because they're not living within their means. They may have been living above their means when they weren't nearly making as much money, and now they're just continuing to add more and more and more. I earn $300,000 and I live in New York City. I definitely don't feel rich. I feel very lucky. I feel privileged, but I do not feel rich. I could not stop working right now. I have more money anxiety almost now than I ever did in my 20s. I am on a hamster wheel and there's no question about it. HENRYs often don't feel rich compared to others. Many HENRYs are cash-rich and asset-poor. So they're typically people under 40, they don't have childcare hours available, they're first-time homebuyers in the housing market, they're paying off student loans early, hopefully. And their income usually hasn't hit a career peak, so they're very much in that "not rich yet" bucket, but they very well could be in the future. Oh, I 100% feel like a HENRY. Marie Incontrera was a professional composer, bandleader and pianist who started her virtual assistant business in 2016. That year, I started to grow slowly, and I was suddenly earning more money than I had ever earned in my life, and I think the number was something like $35,000 by the end of the year. And I went, "Wow, this is really great. I can grow this." She then expanded into a digital marketing consulting agency during the pandemic. For the calendar year of 2025, we're just on track to make $1.4 million. We're hoping to get to $1.5 million or possibly even $1.6 million. I'm anticipating my owner's draw to be anywhere between $300,000 and $400,000. I had a pretty successful career as a musician through most of my 20s. The thing they don't tell you about having a career as a musician in music school is that you can be playing Carnegie Hall, which I was, and I was making $15,000 a year, and I didn't realize how much freedom money affords you. Now that I see the kind of freedom that somebody who earns what I do or even more has, that's my goal. That is absolutely what gets me out of bed in the morning. A lot of the "High Earners, Not Rich Yet," they're first generation wealth. So they still take their wealth into perspective against their family members or others in their community, and they realize how well they're doing, so they don't take it for granted. But I think what makes them feel not rich is we were told, "Once you make six figures, all your problems will go away. You'll just have so much excess." And I think we know that narrative is not true anymore. I would have thought back then that the amount of money that I have in the bank right now, I would be rich. I would have just thought, "Oh, yeah, she's made it." And I don't feel that way. I know that I am on a hamster wheel with my business. I actually really love the hamster wheel, because I love what I do, but I also realize that I can't stop. So, HENRYs often don't feel rich They work very hard for their money, but they also spend a lot more than the average person. In a lot of ways, HENRYs may be victims of their zip codes. $100,000 in LA is definitely very different than $100,000 in Iowa. Someone makes $200,000 a year in LA. They're going to probably take home $140,000ish. Rent for a one-bedroom is going to be at least $3,000. Their car payment is going to be $700. Car insurance is going to be maybe $200 a month. Gas is going to be $200 a month. If you were to annualize that, that's $50,000 right there. The remainder is for all the other things. We haven't eaten yet, we haven't purchased groceries, we haven't paid for subscriptions to Amazon and Netflix, we haven't gone on vacation yet, we haven't purchased clothes yet. It can whittle away your discretionary income if you're living in an area that has a high cost of living. When my business started to grow, one of the first things that I started spending more money on right away was food, because I don't have time to cook. I had more money than time and so I started eating Grubhub three meals a day most days. After that, it became rent because I hit $1 million a year in revenue and I said, "That's it. I'm moving to Manhattan." And so, my rent doubled and I suddenly was paying $4,000 in rent. What is very worth it to me is to live where I want to live. I was proud that I could live here. For about a year, I would walk outside my apartment and just like, look around and just be like, "Oh my gosh, here I am." So that was lifestyle creep for me. Lifestyle creep is the common phenomenon of spending a little more money as you earn more. It can happen to anyone at any income. Lifestyle creep can really sneak up on you. You start earning more and then you decide, "Well, I can buy more things. I need a second car. I need a bigger home. I need to go on this European vacation. I deserve this European vacation because I work hard for my money." The problem is, if you're not continuing to increase your savings at the same time, you are putting your financial future in jeopardy. That shift happens everywhere in our lives, from the small purchases to the really big ones: cars, houses, vacation. And most of these expenses are fixed. Lifestyle creep impacts almost all tax brackets, but it can take different forms. One 2024 study found that when low and middle-income households were given an additional $1,000, no strings attached every month, their spending increased primarily on basic necessities such as food, transportation, and rent. However, when higher income households were given the same $1,000, they increased spending on both necessities as well as discretionary expenses: like Marie did. I spend more on my hair, I spend more on makeup, I get my lashes done, I get my nails done. I think it's just something that comes with the territory. Birds of a feather tend to flock together and their spending tends to be more aligned. If you make about $85,000, your friends probably also make so you're doing similar activities in the same economic bracket. Once you have friends that are making $200,000 or $300,000 a year, your activities will change. The restaurants that you will eat at will differ and change. They're going to probably be a little bit more elevated. Your vacations are going to be more elevated. Your clothing is going to be more It's not necessarily spending irresponsibly, but they're spending aligned with their friend group and their community. That's why a lot of them oftentimes don't feel rich because they're spending along with their friends. Emotions are tied so tightly to what we do with our money. It happens to everyone. You get a raise, you're feeling great. You deserve to go out to dinner and, in fact, you deserve to book that cruise. But the reality is that money was supposed to be earmarked for a bump-up in your retirement savings, or money that you were going to put toward your child's education. Or maybe you don't have an emergency fund, or at least not an adequate one, and the money should have gone there. When we allow ourselves to let our emotions overtake what we're doing with our money, we lose sight sometimes of what our goals are and how we have planned to meet them. A HENRY will sometimes look to the mega-millionaires or the billionaires and wish that they had more, but it's really just that upwards comparison for more that keeps them stuck. More will never be enough at a certain point, and you have to decide what you have is ultimately enough and start appreciating all that you do have instead of fixating on all that you don't. Experts say the best way for HENRYs to start to feel rich and to get off the hamster wheel is by budgeting and planning for the You can't really figure out if you're rich yet, unless you know where you stand right now and where you want to go. You need to know your net worth. Doesn't matter how much money you have, it's not just for rich people. You have a net worth. What you own, minus what you owe, is your net worth. Everyone has one. Yours may be negative at this point, but you have to figure out how to turn that around. Once you know your net worth, then you can start to build on what are your goals, what do I want to have in terms of my retirement savings, in terms of savings for college, if you have children, in terms of emergency savings, in case anything happens, how secure will I be? Once you have significant emergency savings, enough to cover, say, six months of your expenses or more, you're going to start to feel rich. Surveys have shown that financial well-being is tied closely to emergency savings. And so, if you know that you're not going to have to whip out a credit card, that you're going to be able to pay for the roof that needs to be fixed or the car that breaks down, you're going to feel rich. I think wealth is often an emotional feeling. It's a mindset to feel truly secure and not to have to worry about finances at all. Feeling rich, it can feel much more about the bottom line and the dollar amount. So, one is more about the tangible number in your bank account and the other more is a feeling. Most people aspire to reach a level of wealth where they don't have to stress or worry about their finances, or even about the future generations to know that there's a cushion there. One of the things I focus on with my clients is a budget should be a representation of your values. The issue is you can't value everything. You have to prioritize it. And when people see the hard numbers of what they're spending on a monthly or annualized basis and they see, "Oh my gosh, I'm spending $5,000 a year eating out." I will ask the question, "Are you enjoying those meals at $5,000? Is it bringing you that much excitement and that much joy?" And most people will say, "No, Kamila, it's not. The food is okay. I'm doing it to be social." Well, we'll talk about other ways that you can be social without spending $5,000 a year eating out. You can't buy clothes consistently, travel consistently, eat out consistently. You have to pick maybe one or two things where you're going to focus your discretionary spending and then take that extra and reroute that to savings so you can start feeling rich. Spending gives this immediate dopamine fix, and seeing wealth in an account with numbers and commas often can be far more satisfying, though we don't realize it in the moment. It's almost like the difference between an exciting yet very toxic relationship versus a secure and stable long-term partner. I think the feeling of safety and the feeling that you can weather this long-term financial storm is far more satisfying, and we have to train ourselves to value that safety over the quick fix of a fancy car or a shiny new watch. My advice for somebody who's on the hamster wheel is understanding the trade-off. I could get off the hamster wheel at any time, and I know that. And I know that my circumstances may change. For right now, this is the answer for me. My advice to somebody who is feeling that anxiety is understand that this is a choice. There are trade-offs. What I have learned is that I have been very burned out and exhausted as a person who doesn't earn a lot of money, and I have been burned out and exhausted as a person who does earn a lot of money, and I would take being a person who's burned out and exhausted and has money any day of the week. I would rather do that than be burned out and tired and also worrying about my bills.

  Top Comments:
  1. @animalsarebeautifulpeople3094 [1 likes]: This woman was playing ZANKEL HALL at Carnegie, not the main hall. Those who get to the top do make more than 15k and they play in the main hall.
  2. @kodakungeneral7217: 🔴 S&P500(アメリカ株式)に投資すれば良い🔴
  3. @leeeroyjenkinss: Sounds like a budgeting problem to me from the rich folks. Maybe dont by $200,000 cars or eat out every weakened at fancy restaurants
  4. @erickmkm2459: lol as a person that makes $34,000 a year hearing somebody complain about how poor they are when they make six figures a year is absolutely hilarious. Seems to me like they really need to be looking into those spending habits that they have and what is the need versus a want.
  5. @Mariquitamarcosi: I like that feelings matter when money carries so many percentages. Rich.
  6. @Mariquitamarcosi: Appreciate this 😊
  7. @GeorgeOsena: Even if you earn a lot of money say 100000 dollars a month and spend 95% of it,you are not rich,you only become rich if you save and invest at least 50% of your pay.
  8. @alexgordonepic: ? americans need to learn to save again.  it is easy. if you are a high earner... just save like a high earner... then later you will be rich... if you spend like a high earner on non investments aka bs that depreciates or does not enhance your cashflow, savings, business profits, etc YOU WILL NEVER BE RICH. american women, especially unmarried ones are rarely good at building business.. sounds sexist but it is true.. in fact the richest women in the world got money from inheritance or divorce from a man. alice walton, julia koch, jacqueline mars, miriam adelson, abigail johnson, melinda gates,
  9. @sandybeach3576: Serves them right
  10. @vjstylo123: "More is NEVER enough !"
  11. @romaniaforever: Here are some financial issues  high earners face , including even those who make 300K or more a year. First of all, you can’t necessarily count on your business or job doing well or providing steady income- even if you think your job is reliable and solid. There are exceptions of course 

If you have kids, something usually needs to be put aside for college and that’s likely to be expensive-the costs of college have soared and not every kid gets a scholarship. How much will it cost in the future?

If your kids need to go to a private school when they’re young, perhaps because there are special needs or for some other reason, there’s that. Also, please think ahead to when you retire and take that into account. Think about the future cost of living and your senior years as well as long-term care needs that might arise. In today’s dollars nursing homes or at home care can be very expensive. A decent nursing home today (and that’s with a shared room) costs at least $96,000 a year and even more in expensive areas.

There is a fair chance that long-term care will be needed and it could be for years. It was for my parents and an aunt. They lived into their 90s and for much of that time they needed help. It’s a myth that living costs in retirement are cheaper than before retirement. Even the healthiest people can be hit by medical issues after retirement. My spouse had heart attacks because heart disease ran in the family. He had to stop working well before 70. 

High blood pressure ran in the family. And the medical system might not be any better than it is now. So maybe you’ll want to spend money on a concierge doctor as you age. That’s another expense..

Believe me, it all adds up and what was luxury living for my parents became much tighter as they aged and needed to spend lots of money for added services. They needed someone to do the laundry, someone to do the housekeeping, someone to run out and buy groceries and someone to put away the groceries and help cook meals. Someone to drive them to doctor’s appointments. Then they needed 24/7 healthcare and decided to have it in their home. The family helped out but we all  had jobs too so time was limited up to a point. We also had kids and they take  lots of time too.
  12. @thycatalyst: Did she say take it 'for granite'? 3:38
  13. @thycatalyst: Its called the hedonic treadmill, its nothing new.
  14. @KamaliHarindintwari-d2u: I need to replace my matress but i like $ more
  15. @bababeeshi1178: Like. Oh God. 6 months savings so you aren't homeless. What a luxury. People are spending their money for a basic life - even rich people are just spending their money on clean, safe homes close to where they work. Reliable transportation. Childcare. Healthy food. Healthcare. Paying off fat student loans. Give me a break. The standard of living in the US is pathetic. Most people aren't blowing their money eating out, and even if they were, sorry- have you seen grocery prices recently??? Corporate America has convinced us that people living happier, easier lives are living in luxury while billionaires take home more profit than ever and own 100+ million dollar yachts. While their employees work 60 hours weeks and gasp eat out so that they don't have to spend their free two hours a week cooking. Americans are not financially irresponsible. They are overworked and underpaid. Even the "rich ones". Corporate greed is to blame.
  16. @dmr6390: Grubhub 3 times a day…. Yeah that’s a serious spending issue. And probably a health issue
  17. @lisanidog8178: Oh you can’t survive on 300K a year? 38 or 40K a year? I was lucky to clear 9 or 10 what are you belching about! When I started computering in 1997 there was a lady crabbing she only got a grand a month in pay. I would’ve loved that a week OR a month. No such luck! You people crab you maybe only get 7.25 an hour? I only got to 7 and people crab for 25 extra cents? 

You live paycheck to paycheck and whine? Don’t see you giving those checks back! It’s like people who crab their Social Security checks are too low. They keep forgetting Social Security exists since the 30’s! Their great grandparents never had that! Your Social Security checks too low? You’re not calling them up saying stop your checks! 

People could be paid $100 an hour and they’d complain! Paycheck to paycheck beats no paycheck to paycheck! With some peoples’ bad attitudes it’s amazing you even got the job with pay you knew you would get!
  18. @lisanidog8178: Oh give me a break! at his mantra of living paycheck to paycheck is getting old! a í seriously doubt anything has changed when I was working and applied. They ask on the application salary. I always said open. And when you got hired you knew your salary and didn’t say oh I changed my mind about my hire, see ya! Living paycheck to paycheck heck to paycheck beats no paycheck to paycheck!
  19. @Anolaana: "High Earners, Not Rich Yet" sounds absolutely crazy but this video breaks down the concept really well, kudos to Charlotte Morabito for the reporting and finding the excellent guest interviewees!!
  20. @Tripptrapp100: I'm Swedish..... judging by several Youtube videos, I feels like there's this huge discrepancy between Americans and EVERYONE else. I understand that systems can be so different, what is funded by tax etc. but damn, Americans seems to be making these dream salaries.

- Asking New York Millionaires How To Make $1,000,000: Kind: captions Language: en We are in the most expensive city in America, New York City. We just checked out a room here that was $10,000 a night. How do these people afford this? Today, we're going to find out by going up to New Yorkers and asking them, "What do y'all do for a living?" What kind of stuff do you guys do in New York? What was your career? Ship owning. What? Really? You own ships? Yes. Mostly tankers. And you bought and sold tankers? Yes. Was that very lucrative of a career? There are good years and very challenging years. This is the only city in the world we could have started that business. Very impressive. It's special. What kind of company did you start? It's called Hyper Limestone. So, I import limestone from Europe and the Middle East. We do high-end homes. How much does limestone cost? It used to cost me $5,000 a container to ship it before the pandemic. Now, it's 20,000. When When did you feel like you made it in America? I wanted to make a million dollars before I turned 30. And uh it turns out that was the easiest one to make. After that, it got harder. It's been a really fun ride. But, you know, success is different for everybody. It's like what's success? Is it a million? Is it 50 million? Is it 500 million? You know, it's it's not a number. It's more what makes you happy. What does this finance do? I take people's money and try to give them more money back essentially. What do people make in that career? Hundreds of thousands. So, if someone was just starting out, what would you recommend? Work hard. Keep grinding. What was it like for you? A lot of hours. Kissing and got to make a name for yourself. I selling farmland at auction. We sell in 40 different states. We sell quite a bit of land. Texas. Love Texas. Texas is a great state. Is that a lucrative career selling farmland? It's a good good career. Excellent career. What kind of work are you in? I head up operations for North America for a English brand. We design and manufacture kitchen wear products. Really? Which kind of products? The brand's called Joseph Joseph. Anything chopping boards. Joseph. They have like the super famous cutting boards. Yeah. The the multi like lots of colors. How'd you end up getting in that work? I've been with the brand like 10 years. Started off in customer service. From customer service to like running all of North America. How'd you do that? Through hard work. I was able to move up three different departments and Yes. So now I'm head up. If someone was starting in their career, what would you recommend for them? Hard work. Getting in, making sure you don't mind putting in the extra hours. We thought it'd be easy to get some advice from the rich and wealthy that live in New York City. Sir, do you have a few minutes? Not right now. No. No. But the more we tried to approach him, the more we got rejected. But the people we met who weren't part of the super rich had some of the most inspiring stories. How much is your rent here? So, I paid 1,200 literally right down here. It's small. It's like 70 ft. Like super small. 70 ft. Yeah. I didn't want to pay too much, but I wanted to like live the New York experience. So, like start out like small and then work your way up. And what do you do for work? Um, business development. And what do you all do in New York? I'm in horiculture. What is horiculture? Uh, gardening. I work at a baseball stadium. So, I do all the grounds outside the stadium. You do like the grass like the Mets or the Yankees? Mets. City Field. What What do horicultures make? Not enough. Six figures. No. 75. What kind of work do you do in New York? I do recruitment. What kind of people are you recruiting? So, I do more in the fashion business. So, what does someone like that make as a recruiter? What's like the range of salary? Well, you have a base and then you get commission. What was your first New York salary? Do you remember the first paycheck? 34K. All right. So, we're taking a quick break from shooting and I want to thank ramp.com for helping make this video happen. A few weeks ago, we were shooting a video in Miami and it was a mess. No budget, no receipts, personal expenses, and we're still trying to figure it all out. So, I wanted to try out ramp.com in this New York video, and I am so impressed. Here are my top three reasons why I am loving it. Number one, I applied online and instantly got approved without a credit check for a $100,000 credit line. Number two, I was able to issue Jeremy a virtual card instantly so he can start booking hotels, flights, and room service. Hey. And number three, ramp.com automatically categorizes all the expenses so I can see what Jeremy is spending the money on. Damn it, Jeremy. It's a lot. If you've been thinking about getting a credit card, I've been using Chase for years, and this is so much better. If you're a small or mediumsized business, I would definitely recommend you checking out ramp.com. You can get a $500 signup bonus just for y'all at ramp.com/exclusive/noagen. Link below in description. Uh, so what do you do in New York? So, I do tech sales for a company called Octa. I'm a product manager at a property tech company as well. What what are the range of salaries at these kind of tech companies? Upwards of like three 400 in a year. Then I know some people who make like around like 120. Dude, it's all over the place. Like depending on the job like as a product manager, you'd say the low end is probably around 100. You guys at Google are probably making like 400 all in. I'm a graphic designer. I now work at Google. Like generally, how much do you make range? When I first moved, I think I made like 80 grand a year or something like that and she was in school and making no money. What would be your advice for someone that's new coming to New York? Come with friends. be willing to live in like totally situations and take whatever job that you can. Take risks, try new things, push yourself. You know, I think playing it safe in New York doesn't get you very far. Are you Are you in tech or what do you do for I was trying to guess. I was like designer, architect. No, I work in finance. Oh, do you? Do you wear this to work? I've worn this to work, but I usually wear black pants. What kind of stuff do you do in finance? Asset management. Like what are the ranges of salaries that someone could be starting out? I think the average wage is like 95K. What do you do for work? uh finance for department of education like the government. So like I paid I help pay for you a little bit basically. This is all your taxpayer dollars. What does the department of education do with finance? So I oversee special ed finance budgets and finance when it relates to uh special needs kids. How much money is that in the budget that you guys manage? I manage about $6 billion. Dude, that is wild. Is that wild to you? How much would you be making if you're in private? You think? I want to say like 180 200. What kind of stuff do you do in New York? What do you do for work? I'm a lawyer. Yeah. I don't know if I want to be sued by you or have you as like my defense. What What kind of law? None of the above. Yeah. I'm a corporate lawyer. What's the range of what a lawyer can make in New York? Between 50,000 to maybe 100,000. Um, but if you're in the corporate space, you probably make six figures. What do you do in New York? I'm a composer. That is so cool. What do you compose? I compose uh music for uh TV. Is there anything that we've we've heard or There was uh the opening sequence on Shameless, a TV show. What's a top composer make? Like I have no idea. There's Han Zimmer. He makes uh heard quad billions, but then it goes down to pennies per stream on like Spotify or whatever, like 0.008 cents. I'm a consultant for a healthcare company. I work with getting legalized medical marijuana. Really? How did you get into that career? Former client in the pharmaceutical industry sought me out. I I work for CVS television for 21 years running their health division. What's the salary of someone like this? Someone aspired to be a consultant? It's an IPO. So, you know, pay isn't great, but there's the equity when it goes public. I work in finance, but there's opportunities in every industry. How do you think you made it? Just hard work. You like to work, you come to New York. How much work is hard work? I'm a workaholic, but I I think in any field, like whether you're a lawyer, a banker, and New York City is a place. It's a magnet for people who like to work hard. Do you love what you do? I love what I do. Yeah, that was great. Thank you guys so much for taking the time. What's been different and interesting about the story that we're not expecting is that just cuz someone's dressed well doesn't mean they're rich. But there definitely indicates more than that. And there's also a lot of people who are very wealthy that don't dress well. Kind of made me think about how we judge each other. Definitely a lot of interesting people in New York. And I think one of the common themes from the variety of people that we got to chat with today was that all of them really said you just got to keep going. Ladies and gentlemen, if you love this video, you are going to love this video right up here where we go talk to supercar owners and find out what they do for a living. Make sure you subscribe to the channel if you're not already. Uncle Noah loves you and I'll see you out there. Pew pew.

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaelking4490 [115 likes]: Thank you Lord Jesus for the gift of life and blessings to me and my family $14,120.47 weekly profit our Lord have lifts up my life!!!
  2. @noahkagan [38 likes]: 👉 If you need help starting your own business I just relaunched my course Monthly1K. It’s $10 for a limited time (normally $600). Sign up at http://okdork.com/monthly1kyt
  3. @govinpillai [2 likes]: 1:22. That woman is inspiring af. From dealing with angry callers to thriving in NYC. Respect.
  4. @joeyweeda3773 [1 likes]: How can we find based john?
  5. @angelachanelhuang1651: New York looks expensive
  6. @Lifepurpose123: Work hard and keep going❤
  7. @theonesource: I would have loved to see more of the first guy who started going into it not being a good place for kids, that was the most interesting thing in this video.
  8. @Kid_Senekal: 70 sq ft?! 🤯
  9. @My.best.choice6328: Flat business is the most convenient in Bangladesh, anyone from any country can do this business.
  10. @justwatchZET: great
  11. @Libar-u1o: Lol, I'm a surgical technician, nyc . I love it
  12. @sarahchang4863: Where’s based John in the full video?
  13. @Ouruniversegloval: need great mind .....
  14. @matthewvictoria-em5gx: I can't find based johns info:/
  15. @a.k.m.shafiqulislam8083: ALL ENTREPRENEUR ARE WELCOME TO BANGLADESH
  16. @pirate_sorella3594: anyone track down based johns socials? ❤
  17. @realnapster1522: True answer is to work smart, not hard. If you waste your efforts at something that doesn’t make money, you will never get anywhere.
  18. @medardovazquez3893: came to find base john
  19. @tangerinedreamfan9973: 2:01
  20. @Bill0102: This is a fantastic analysis. A book I once read with similar content had a profound impact on my life. "The Hidden Empire: Inside the Private Worlds of Elite CEOs" by Adam Skylight

- 740 Park Avenue: Where the Ultra-Wealthy Go to Live | Vanity Fair: Kind: captions Language: en with apologies to F Scott Fitzgerald the rich are different from you and me they live in nicer Apartments none more so than 740 Park [Music] Avenue designed in 1929 by Rosario Candela and encased in a simple Limestone facade 7 40 Park seems at first glance rather understated the famous architect understood that wealth is something you possess not flaunt his Apartments were designed to be palaces with Walnut paneled rooms libraries Galleries and an abundance of light the largest was John D rockefeller's 20,000 squ ft Triplex with 37 rooms including foyers the size of ballrooms numerous servants quarters and 14 bathrooms a young Jackie bouier the future Mrs John F Kennedy grew up at 740 Park her grandfather James T Lee was the building's developer admittance has always been about exclusivity money lots of money is the first and most pressing requirement applicants reportedly must show a liquid net worth which is to say cash on hand of at least at least $100 million all of which has made 740 Park Avenue home to the super rich John D rockefeller's apartment was bought in 1971 by whiz kid corporate Raider Saul Steinberg at the time just 33 years old Steinberg stupid drunk with money promptly dedicated one of its rooms to his 200 lb Great Dane giving the dog its own private phone and fake tree to relieve itself on it was better treatment than his second wife received in the midst of a vicious divorce Steinberg had her removed from the building by the police in handcuffs and fur his neighbors were not amused J Ezra mkin used the apartment to house the largest private collection of Mark Rothco paintings valued at over $150 million but in 2008 he was forced to sell the entire collection when his alleged role in Bernie m off's massive Ponzi scheme was made public but for most residents life at 740 Park is a rather prosaic Affair albeit on a rather Grand scale in 2007 fashion designer Vera Wang bought her apartment from her father's estate for $23 million and William lie zindorf the developer behind 740 Park Avenue's Aira parent 15 Central Park West bought his 17th Floor Park apartment in 2011 for $27 million but these numbers are dwarfed by the sale of former Time Warner CEO Steve Ross's apartment that 30 room duplex with its eight bedrooms 10 bathrooms two libraries a formal and informal dining room and seven fireplaces all working of course sold in 2012 for the record setting price of $52.5 million cash as is required by the co-op rules illustrating as if needed in this day and age that the rich are in fact very very different from you and me

  Top Comments:
  1. @KCNYC [12 likes]: I’m so fortunate to have a floor in a brownstone just 10 minute walk right on Park, there’s no other city like NY
  2. @Xgenerati [5 likes]: I'm NOT one of them, but I like these rich examples of our society, particularly those who truly made it on their own. I hope at least some do ...
  3. @BigRayHernandez [1 likes]: I worked at that building for a few years as a doorman. Worst experience of my life, and to be honest it wasn’t even the people that lived there. My coworkers were always deep in fear of losing their job and would repeatedly stab each other in the back.
  4. @patmccormick9972 [1 likes]: How about the crimes committed to get there?
  5. @DavidSimon-e2n: Living in the lap of luxury me and my sweet soulmate Ashanti
  6. @briangriffin4937: I don’t want to be a billionaire — I just want to live like one.
  7. @WillR-Cincy: Must be a Co-op?
 Very difficult to sell
  8. @Dana_inc: Nope! We’re all the same! Only money separate us!
  9. @steveweinstein3222: Having a formal and informal dining room makes a lot of sense.
  10. @murrowboy: How big is this building?? How many mansions can you fit into an apartment building?  The block must be huge for such a building. 30 bed rooms for just 1 apartment? And you have like 20 people living inside? That means it's fitting 20 mansions into 1 building.
  11. @KeybladeHeart: Karen walkers house? 😅
  12. @silviarosa4791: Productivo es hacer Romo con todas esas matas
  13. @AlwaysHalloween000: Apartments are high up / moral high ground is rock bottom low
  14. @nothingless1908: I live here lol I'm not joking
  15. @fredsalfa: I wonder how much to buy the whole building. Add it to my portfolio.
  16. @blackflag5148: PARK AVENUE LEADS TA..........SKID ROW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  17. @oros458: am i the only one who think that building is ugly
  18. @keetahbrough: You gotta be gluttonous to live like that, when colossal suffering is happening in the world. Because if it's not gluttony driving humanity's apathy, then it's the cause. If you can't talk about the problems in our world, then you are the problem.
  19. @alotofmore: Is this Tom Ford narrating??
  20. @nonameseptember: WTF

- The Holographer - Making Money - The New Yorker: Kind: captions Language: en for over the last 35 years we've been making all sorts of holographic images both displays art science work pretty much anything holographic is done here i'm jason sapien and we're at holographic studios in manhattan it's the world's oldest gallery of philography i sort of grew up into the medium my father was a electrical engineer and his company built many of the scientific displays for eight t's bell telephone laboratories he had told me that there was a job opening in 1968 across the street from radio city at the time life building where they were showing new technologies and holography lasers were very much central to that exhibit so i got introduced to the medium when i was very young and started working with it way before people had ever heard about holography in holography we're trying to balance between the vibrations that are intrinsic in the world around us especially in a city like new york with subways and all sorts of industrial traffic and machinery against the need to record something that is submicroscopic in size so we're taking laser light lasers the purest form of light a laser is to light what this tuning fork would be to sound it is a pure wave and anything that they impact on will change the perfectness of their shape so we're leaving an imprint almost like a tire leaving its tread tracks in the soft soil and we're getting an identical three-dimensional copy down to the size of the light wave so if we were shooting an image and there was a bead of water on a microscope slide and in that there were amoeba and paramecium we'd be able to see all of that in the hologram when we're making a simple hologram we would take a laser put it through a lens that would spread it out the lens actually has a little pinhole microscopic 10 micron pinhole the light passes through to filter it and then it spreads to cover the entire object and the way we record it is by having a second wave of light interfere with it and the pattern that these two light waves make together is stored inside the thickness of a piece of photographic film portraits start today around twenty five hundred dollars if you go back to the eighties i think i was charging about seven hundred dollars for the same thing but my costs you know have gone up i mean holographic film i would buy a roll of it it would be maybe 185 dollars today that same roll the film is thousands of dollars it's funny to be the oldest of of your kind you know it's like you know you worry about extinction uh when you're the oldest there were people who were around for a long time but for a variety of reasons you know they didn't sustain and uh there just aren't places that have you know started at the beginning and stayed in the medium but i think it's our place to keep the torch burning you know and keep this medium alive

- This Is The RICHEST Invisible Billionaire Family Who Owns NEW YORK...: Kind: captions Language: en Every American woman over 45 has held a copy of Vogue or Vanity Fair at some point in her life. On a dentist's coffee table, in an airport [music] newsstand, or pressed flat across her lap on a long Sunday afternoon. She has studied the covers. She has read the profiles. She has absorbed [music] the taste, the authority, the opinions radiating from these pages like a cultural instruction manual. And she has never, not once, >> [music] >> heard the name of the family that owns them. Not on the masthead. Not in the editor's letter. Not in the celebrity profiles [music] that fill 200 pages every month. The Newhouse family has owned the most famous magazines in America for over 60 years, [music] accumulated a combined fortune of $24.1 billion, and remain so invisible to the culture they helped create that two biographers built their books from court records, >> subpoenas, and recollections of people who were fired. In today's episode of Old Money Luxury, we uncover how a son of Jewish immigrants from a New Jersey tenement built the most formidable media dynasty Americans have never heard of. Vogue, Vanity Fair, GQ, The New Yorker, Wired, and Architectural Digest. Six titles that represent a disproportionate share of what educated, affluent Americans have read, believed, and aspired to for the better part of a century. And every one of them is owned by a single family whose name does not appear anywhere in the pages of any of them. The family's name is Newhouse. Their holding company [music] is called Advance Publications, which sounds like the kind of name a focus group would reject for being too aggressively [music] corporate. And yet it has operated without serious competition in the private media world since 1949. The year it officially became Advance Publications Inc. Though the empire had been accumulating for nearly three decades before anyone bothered to give it a proper title. As of February 2024, Forbes placed the combined Newhouse family fortune at $24.1 billion, ranking them 13th among America's richest families. [music] A figure that includes at least 24 family members, and reflects holdings so diversified they now extend well beyond magazines into [music] cable television equity, a 30% stake in the social media platform Reddit, and a piece of Warner Bros. Discovery large enough to generate $1.1 billion when the family quietly sold a portion in June 2025. You will note that none of that made front-page news. That invisibility is not accidental. It is, in the Newhouse [music] family tradition, the entire point. This is a channel dedicated to old money, which means it is a channel dedicated to understanding the mechanics of wealth that does not need to announce itself. And the Newhouse story is, among other things, a graduate-level seminar in exactly [music] that discipline. If you want to go deeper on the architecture of generational wealth, subscribe to our free Substack newsletter, where we examine how the world's oldest fortunes are structured, protected, and passed down across centuries >> without public fanfare or press releases. The current head of operations is Steven Newhouse, son of Donald Newhouse, who is himself the 95-year-old surviving son of the empire's founder, Samuel Irving Newhouse Sr. A man born in a tenement on the Lower East Side of Manhattan in 1895, who quit school before high school, bought his first newspaper while most men his age were still paying off college debts, and died in 1979 owning 31 daily newspapers, Condé Nast, and Random House, with an estate the IRS would spend over a decade and several hundred million dollars trying and largely failing to tax. The Newhouse family has now controlled the most influential [music] glossy magazines in America since 1959. Longer than most of their readers have been alive. And when the last issue of Vogue ever closes its cover, there is a reasonable chance no journalist will manage to get the family on the record about it. Solomon Isidor Neuhaus was born on May 24th, 1895, in a tenement on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. The eldest of eight children born to Meyer Neuhaus, a Jewish immigrant from Vitebsk in the Russian Empire, in present-day Belarus, who had studied to become a rabbi, but arrived in America sickly, unskilled, and temperamentally unsuited for the work that the New World demanded. By 1908, Meyer Neuhaus had departed for Connecticut to live with a [music] sister, leaving his wife Rose, an Austrian-Hungarian immigrant who spent her days walking the streets of Bayonne, New Jersey, selling linens door-to-door to raise [music] eight children in whatever configuration of dignity a linen saleswoman's income could provide. Sam Newhouse, as he would come to be known, >> was 13 years old when his father left. He did not go back to school. Instead, he enrolled in a six-week bookkeeping course at the Gaffney School in Manhattan, then secured a position as office boy [music] for a Bayonne lawyer named Hyman Lazarus, a police court judge and local political figure who ran an operation that was, by the standards of early 20th century New Jersey machine politics, efficiently corrupt. Sam's privately [music] published memoir, A Memo to My Children, recorded his understanding with characteristic directness. Nothing had to be said when I became head of the family at so young an age. Within two years, Sam [music] had been promoted from office boy to office manager. By 16, he was running Lazarus's law practice. And then Lazarus made him an offer that would shape the American media landscape for the next century. Lazarus had accepted the failing Bayonne Times newspaper as payment for an unpaid legal debt, a newspaper so troubled that Lazarus handed it to his 16-year-old office manager [music] with instructions to go down and take care of the paper until we get rid of it, >> and the promise of half the profits if any materialized, on the reasonable expectation that none would. Sam went door-to-door through every shop in Bayonne, selling advertising, helping store owners plan sales campaigns, and turning the city into what one account described as a rash of advertised sales. And when the paper returned to profitability, Lazarus gave Sam a 20% ownership stake, later increased to 50%, >> and a salary of $30,000 a year. Sam had learned the fundamental truth of the newspaper business before he was old enough to vote. Editorial content was the draw, advertising was the engine, and anyone who confused the two would spend their career writing beautiful sentences in the red. In 1922, Sam pooled his savings >> and partnered once more with Judge Lazarus to purchase 51% of the Staten Island Advance for $98,000. In 1924, [music] Lazarus died, and Sam bought out his widow and the remaining 49%, becoming sole owner of a newspaper that would lend its name to an empire. The company that would eventually own Vogue was first called the Staten Island Advance Corporation, with a circulation covering a borough most of Manhattan regarded then, as now, as an afterthought, which suited Sam Newhouse perfectly. Sam Newhouse's acquisition strategy was so consistent it read like a formula typed on a single index card. Find a city with two competing newspapers, buy the struggling one at a bargain, promise both towns you had no intention of merging them, and then merge them. Killing the weaker edition, inheriting a local advertising monopoly, and using the resulting cash flow to fund the next acquisition. In 1932, he bought 51% of the Long Island Daily Press for approximately $750,000. In 1950, he paid $5.6 million for the Portland Oregonian, a record for a newspaper transaction at the time. In 1962, he acquired the Times-Picayune and the States-Item in New Orleans for $42 million. A figure Time magazine noted was more than three times what the Louisiana Territory cost the United States in 1803. In 1976, he bought Booth Newspapers, eight Michigan daily papers, including the Ann Arbor News, the Flint Journal, the Grand Rapids Press, and the Kalamazoo Gazette for $305 million, which was, at the time, the largest sum ever paid for a newspaper company. By the time of his death in 1979, Sam Newhouse owned 31 daily newspapers with a combined circulation exceeding 3 million, the third-largest newspaper chain in the United States after Gannett and Knight Ridder. But the acquisition that none of the business histories quite prepared anyone for was the one he made in 1959. Not for $300 million. Not for $42 million. But for $5 million. In 1959, Sam Newhouse paid approximately $5 million for a controlling block of stock in Condé Nast Publications. The circumstances, as they have been repeated in every biography and business history since, involve his wife. Mitzi Newhouse, born Mitzi Epstein from an upper-middle-class Jewish family on Manhattan's Upper West Side, the daughter of a silk tie importer, had married Sam in 1923 using his honeymoon savings, and she loved Vogue. The line later gave, quoted across decades of biographies, "She asked for a fashion magazine and I went out and got her Vogue." In 1959, Condé Nast published Vogue, Glamour, House & Garden, and Brides. In the same transaction, Newhouse inherited a deal already underway to acquire Street & Smith publications, paying an additional approximately $4 million, which added Mademoiselle, Charm, and various sports annuals to the portfolio. The man who had learned the newspaper business [music] in the back office of a Bayonne lawyer, now owned for $9 million in total, the beating cultural heart of aspirational American femininity. 34 years later, his son would spend $175 million just to acquire Architectural Digest and Bon Appétit, [music] a single deal worth nearly 20 times what Sam had paid for the entire Condé Nast empire. The old man's instinct for price was, even by those standards, in a class of its own. When Samuel Irving Newhouse Sr. died in August 1979, [music] he passed voting control of Advance Publications in trust to his six grandchildren, with his two sons, Si and Donald, as the sole trustees, and the division of duties between those sons was clean and total. Donald would run the newspapers and cable operations, Si would run Condé Nast. Samuel Irving Newhouse Jr., known universally as Si, had been publisher of US Vogue since 1964 and chairman of Condé Nast since 1975. And what he brought to the job was not a businessman's calculating eye, but something closer to an obsessive's consuming love of magazines, art, and the particular kind of talent that could make 200 pages of [music] glossy paper feel like the most urgent thing in the room. Si revived Vanity Fair in 1983, investing an estimated $10 million to relaunch a title folded into Vogue since 1936, [music] and then continued to fund it through the years it lost money before Tina Brown turned it into a cultural event. He bought The New Yorker in 1985 for an estimated $168 million. He acquired GQ, Wired, Architectural Digest, and Pitchfork across four decades of sustained magazine collecting that left Condé Nast as the most prestigious stable of publications in the English-speaking world. But Si Newhouse's tenure will be remembered as much for how he dismissed editors as for how he chose them. Grace Mirabella had run Vogue for 17 years when she learned she was no longer editor-in-chief, not from a meeting with Si, not from a letter, but from a gossip segment on Live at Five, the evening news program, on June 28th, 1988, [music] when her husband telephoned her and said a friend had heard Liz Smith announce that Anna Wintour would be taking over Vogue on August 1st. Mirabella's verdict, "They are in the communications business, but they don't know how to communicate." William Shawn had edited The New Yorker for 35 years >> when Si Newhouse informed him in January 1987 that he was out, and that Robert Gottlieb of Alfred A. Knopf would take his place. The staff response was volcanic. 154 writers, editors, and artists, including J. D. Salinger, John McPhee, Calvin Trillin, and Jamaica Kincaid, signed a letter asking Gottlieb not to accept the position. Fiction editor Daniel Menaker summarized the owner's calculation with a bluntness the biographers all quoted. "Si didn't give a and why should he? He owned the magazine." Si backed Wintour with an interest-free $1.6 million loan to purchase her Greenwich Village townhouse and a reported $200,000 [music] annual clothing allowance. And in her first 9 months at the helm, advertising revenue rose 17%. By 2013, as Si aged out of daily involvement, Wintour was appointed artistic director of all Condé Nast publications, explicitly created to absorb the responsibilities Si himself had previously handled, a coronation that told the industry everything it needed to know about [music] who would actually be making the decisions for the decades ahead. Thomas Maier spent years researching his 1994 biography of Si Newhouse, conducting more than 250 interviews, examining hundreds of pages of court testimony, reading books, newspapers, and periodicals in extraordinary volume. And on the very first page of the resulting book, he recorded the central fact of the entire project. Si Newhouse never responded to a written request for an interview. His brother Donald had, as Maier noted, much the same reaction. Carol Felsenthal's 1998 biography, Citizen Newhouse, was similarly constructed without the cooperation of the family, a Barron's review noting that the book was written without the cooperation of the notoriously reclusive Newhouse family, and indeed nearly never appeared in print at all. The Newhouse family's relationship with publicity has been, since the founding generation, a policy rather than a personality trait. Sam Newhouse Sr. ran his empire with no headquarters, no desk, and no files. He told an interviewer he had none, and his children inherited the same reflexive withdrawal from visibility. In January 1989, Si and Donald Newhouse appeared in federal tax court to contest the IRS's claims over their father's estate, and The Washington Post described the appearance as an uncommon public appearance for the two brothers, as though their materializing in a courtroom was a naturalist event worth documenting. [music] The lawyers who argued the family's case made the secrecy doctrine [music] explicit in their court filings. Obviously, the edge that they have over their competitors [music] in the acquisition of additional companies would be lost if their financial information were made public. Secrecy was a competitive strategy. It was also, in Si Newhouse's case, a profound personal irony. The man who owned the most glamour-obsessed, fame-celebrating publications in America, Vogue, Vanity Fair, The New Yorker, was himself congenitally averse to being seen. He went to bed at 9:00 in the evening. At his cocktail parties, the lights [music] dimmed at 8:00 to signal guests that it was time to leave. He arrived at the office in gray slacks and beat-up [music] loafers, as Politico recorded in its 2017 obituary, at 5:00 in the morning. Bloomberg, writing about the family's Reddit windfall [music] in March 2024, captured the pattern with a single sentence. The Newhouses had watched one billionaire clan after another surpass its wealth, and had barely registered public comment on the record-breaking windfall that Reddit's IPO produced. Michael Grossbaum, whose 2025 book, Empire of the Elite, examined Condé Nast's glittery heyday, identified what he called the central paradox of Si Newhouse's life. A new money Jew who felt excluded from stratified New York society had grasped the unique social possibilities available to the heir of Vogue, using the magazine to access the world from which he felt shut out, while simultaneously refusing, with perfect consistency, to let that world see him back. In 1980, [music] Si Newhouse bought Random House from RCA Corporation for approximately $70 acquiring the publisher of William Faulkner, Truman Capote, and James Joyce, and held it for 18 years, >> during which a source close to the family described the promised editorial synergies between the book house and the magazines with [music] a single word, "Crap." On November 7th, 1997, Si Newhouse's 70th birthday, Bertelsmann's incoming chairman, Thomas Middelhoff, mentioned casually to Newhouse that his [music] company might be interested in Random House if it were ever for sale. Newhouse said, "Give me a week to think about it." 4 months of secret negotiations followed, conducted under code names. Advance Publications was black, Si Newhouse [music] was black no. 1, Random House chairman Alberto Vitale was black no. 2, Bertelsmann was blue. On March 23rd, 1998, in a conference room at the law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell in Midtown Manhattan, Newhouse, in a sweater and chinos while the Bertelsmann team arrived in suits, signed the papers that sold Random House for an estimated $1.4 billion, turning a $70 million purchase into a 20-fold return. There was no applause at Random House's offices that day when the news was delivered. The dark chapter that followed this profitable transaction involved not [music] a failed deal, but a failed workforce. In June 2013, two former Condé Nast interns, Lauren Ballinger, [music] who had worked at W magazine, and Matthew Lieb, who had interned at The New Yorker, filed a class action lawsuit alleging violations of the Fair Labor Standards Act. Ballinger had been paid $12 a day for 12-hour shifts, amounting to approximately $1 per hour. 4 months after the suit was filed, Condé Nast ended its internship program entirely. In November 2014, the company agreed to pay $5.85 million to [music] settle the case, covering approximately 7,500 former interns >> who had worked between 2007 and 2013. Then came June 8th, 2020. Bon Appetit editor-in-chief Adam Rapoport resigned after food writer Tammie Teclemariam posted a 2013 Halloween photograph showing Rapoport and his wife >> in what many described as a Puerto Rican ethnic costume. His wife's caption including the hashtag "boricua". That same evening, assistant food editor Sohla El Waylly went public on Instagram with a second charge. That she had been hired at $50,000 per year, used as a display of diversity in the magazine's wildly popular YouTube Test Kitchen videos, and received no compensation for those appearances. While white editors were paid for theirs. The scandal destroyed much of the goodwill the Test Kitchen channel had built with millions of subscribers. And it forced a public confrontation with a racial pay disparity that the company had, until El Waylly named it, >> successfully kept internal. Condé Nast denied the specific pay allegation, but pledged an equity audit. And the contradiction between the company's aspirational lifestyle brand and its documented workplace practices had, by that point, been entered permanently into the public record. Yet none of the scrutiny reached the family that owned it all, because by 2020, [music] the Newhouse's were already sitting on an investment that would make the Random House sale look like a rounding error. In October 2006, [music] Condé Nast, acting through Advance Publications, had acquired Reddit for approximately $10 Reddit had been founded 16 months earlier in June 2005 by two University of Virginia graduates named Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian. And it was, at the time of acquisition, a small social link aggregation platform that showed no obvious promise of becoming one of the most visited [music] websites in the world. In 2011, Advance spun Reddit out from Condé Nast as an independent subsidiary reporting directly to Advance. At which point, Reddit had approximately 20 employees and 3 billion monthly page views. As Reddit went through successive funding rounds over the following decade, Series A, Series B through Series F, Advance's percentage ownership was gradually diluted. But the company retained its position as the largest single shareholder. And Steven Newhouse served as a non-voting board observer beginning in 2011. By August 2021, Reddit had raised $700 million in a Series F round led by Fidelity Management. Valuing the platform at over $10 billion. On March 21st, 2024, Reddit began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker RDDT, priced at $34 per share. A figure that valued the company at approximately $6.4 billion on a fully diluted basis. By the close of that first day, shares had surged [music] 48% to $50.44. Advance Publications held 42.2 million shares. At closing price on the first day of trading, those shares were worth approximately $2.1 billion. A 5,800% return on a $10 million investment [music] made 18 years earlier in a website that was, at the time of purchase, worth less than several Manhattan studio apartments. Bloomberg described the Newhouse family as the biggest beneficiary of Reddit's IPO. By late 2024, Reddit stock had surged more than 300% from its IPO price. Advance announced plans to establish a credit facility using 7.8 million Reddit shares as collateral, valued at up to $1.2 billion. A move that allowed the family to monetize a portion of the gain without triggering a full sale and the tax consequences that would accompany one. The cable chapter of the family's diversification story had closed a decade earlier. In March 2015, [music] Charter Communications announced the acquisition of Bright House Networks, the cable provider Advance had built through decades of acquisitions into the sixth largest cable operator in the United States. Serving approximately 2 million [music] customers. For $10.4 billion in cash and stock. When the transaction closed in 2016, Advance received approximately a 13% stake in the newly enlarged Charter Communications. Converting the family's cable operating assets into permanent equity in one of the largest cable and internet companies in America. Before the Reddit windfall made that deal look, by comparison, like a conservative play. And with a fortune now measured in the tens of billions, the dynasty was about to face the one eventuality no deal structure had ever been designed to make invisible. Samuel Irving Newhouse Jr. died on October 1st, 2017 at his home in Manhattan, aged 89, after what his family described as a long illness. His brother Donald having confirmed to the press a year earlier that Si had been suffering from dementia. Graydon Carter, who had edited Vanity Fair under Si for 25 years, wrote that Newhouse died in the city he was born in and the one that gave foundation to the empire he built. The estate filing that followed told a story that required expert [music] commentary to make sense. Si's probate documents listed $114 million in assets against $400 million in liabilities. A net position of nearly negative $300 million >> despite Forbes having valued his fortune at $12.1 billion that same year. A probate attorney quoted by the New York Post explained the arithmetic bluntly. If he died with $12 billion, he'd be paying $6 billion in estate tax. The family had learned, during the decade-long IRS battle over Sam Newhouse Sr.'s estate. In which the government claimed $914 million in taxes and fraud penalties, and ultimately collected approximately $48 million. That the mechanics of estate planning were worth mastering with the same intensity one applied to acquiring newspapers. Si's fortune had been moved over his lifetime into trusts and limited liability structures that left almost nothing exposed to the probate process. Entirely within the law and entirely in keeping [music] with a family that had spent a century ensuring its financial architecture remained invisible to anyone who was not a party to it. Donald Newhouse, born August 5th, 1929, was 95 years old when he appeared at the dedication of Newhouse Family Plaza at Syracuse University in August 2024. One of his rarest public appearances, captured in a YouTube video in which the crowd sang happy birthday to a man who had appeared on every Forbes 400 list since the inaugural 1982 edition without once missing it. He remains worth somewhere between $11 billion and $14.9 billion. Steven Newhouse, Donald's son, co-president of Advance Publications, Reddit board member, and former Warner Brothers Discovery independent director, was described by an anonymous source to the New York Post in 2019 as the main decision-maker and really the center of the whole thing. And maintains, by documented family tradition, no public profile worth locating. The Newhouse empire in 2025 comprises Condé Nast, a portfolio of daily newspapers, a 13% stake in Charter Communications, approximately 30% of Reddit, and a cluster of other assets, all held within Advance Publications, which files no public reports, holds no earnings calls, and has no press office in any conventional sense. The dynasty that began in a Bayonne, New Jersey law office in 1911, when a 13-year-old boy walked through the door looking for work, is now in its fourth generation. And the only thing more certain than its continued invisibility is that the family prefers it [music] that way. The Newhouse family has spent over a century making the world more famous while remaining unknown themselves. Now, we want to turn it over to you. Drop a comment below and let us know what you think. Is that level of deliberate privacy the ultimate old money move? Or does owning the magazines that define cultural fame while hiding from that same fame strike you as something closer to a contradiction worth examining? [music] Thanks for watching, and thanks for being part of Old Money Luxury. We'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @oldmoneyluxury [1 likes]: COMMENT: Is the Newhouse family's deliberate invisibility the ultimate old money move — or does owning the magazines that define cultural fame while hiding from that same fame strike you as a contradiction worth examining?

Gain FREE access to secret full-length documentaries on wealthy families "too scandalous for YouTube" by joining our newsletter: https://www.substack.com/@oldmoneyluxury
  2. @nickidaisydandelion4044: The youngest Newhouse. Sam Newhouse junior is a lovely man.
  3. @EdwardHunter-d8c: Very smart Business  mens
  4. @miket9830: If they own New York they don’t own much.  Dirty stinking sewer pit.
  5. @erbeundasche: Unbelievable 🙂
  6. @muhnajib6673: Amazing
  7. @MaurizioBruscoli: Non voglio neanche sentire mi fanno schifo tutti!!!!!!
  8. @theoisaac9948: Legacy. Enjoy your day, sir.

- How Much Money Is Trump Profiting from the Presidency? | The New Yorker: Kind: captions Language: en-US - For months, I've been reading articles and commentary about how much President Donald Trump and his family are enriching themselves off of the presidency. I'm David Kirkpatrick. I'm a staff writer for The New Yorker Magazine. No one I talked to could put a figure on it. No one could tell me just how much he made. And at the same time, I was increasingly puzzled that more people didn't seem to care. That the public, more or less, was shrugging at the way the Trump family was monetizing the presidency. So I set out to try to come up with a number, to try to count for myself, how much money the Trump family was making, more or less, off the presidency. Money that in some way depended on his status as president. [soft music] The problem of a potential conflict of interest posed for President Trump because of his business interests has been there from the beginning. Around the time that he began preparing to run for office, around 2015, the Apprentice was well off the air, the Celebrity Apprentice, it's kind of gimmicky successor, it was also dwindling in the ratings. [people shouting] There's some evidence to suggest that he needed something new to keep his name in the public eye. As part of the backlash against him, a number of people brought lawsuits. He now owes $500 million or so to the state of New York because of their fraud case against him. - I did nothing wrong. There were no victims. The bank loves us. - And he owes another 88 million or so to Eugene Carroll, the writer who sued him for defamation and sexual assault years ago. So arguably he was really in kind of a tight place when he went into the presidency the first time and a much tighter place the next time. I was personally astonished to see just how much his financial position has improved just six months after he came back into the White House. The obvious place to start was Mar-a-Lago. Trump is the first president to sell access to himself and his inner circle for personal profits. That is, this is a private club that people pay to join, and what they get is a chance to mingle with Trump and his friends. Before he first won election, the initiation fee to join the club was a hundred thousand dollars. As of last fall, it was poised to go up to a million. Doing a little bit of math based on the revenue he's disclosed on his personal financial disclosure forms and the cost over time, I concluded that he had made about 125 million in extra profits at Mar-a-Lago because of his presidencies. After that, I looked at his campaign fundraising. Now, campaign fundraising is generally a whole different thing. Laws restrict candidates or politicians from using that money for personal purposes. In Trump's case, those boundaries are a little bit fuzzier. For one thing, he quite conspicuously sells what looks like campaign merchandise through his personal online store. If you're a Trump supporter, you might really believe you're supporting the MAGA movement and its causes when you buy this stuff. But in fact, the money is actually going to the Trump organization and to Donald Trump. We're talking about things like a Gulf of America baseball hat $50, a pair of Trump beer coozies, $18, Trump flip flops, $40. In the last year, he's actually branched out from selling the merchandise through the store to a couple of special lines of products, and that includes 2.8 million from Trump watches, 2.5 million from Trump sneakers and fragrances, and 3 million from an illustrated book called Save America, as well as 1.3 million from the God Bless the USA Bible, also known as the Trump Bible. So all of that came to 27.7 million. In some ways, this is almost like a fashion designer setting up a table in front of a department store to sell knockoffs of their own goods at the expense of their shareholders. So that came to about more than $17 million in income over the last several years. Now, on top of that, there's another way that Trump has found, and that is his legal fees. A political campaign fund for a candidate can't spend money on personal legal fees, but he discovered that if he converted a campaign fund into a political action committee, it could. And he's used his political action committee to cover more than a hundred million dollars in personal legal fees. So all in all, I'm gonna call that a total of about $127.7 million in enrichment through those campaign funds, either in merch or legal fees. Next, I looked at the DC Hotel, the Trump International Hotel in Washington, which during his first term was really the biggest subject of allegations of corruption or financial enrichment. - This is the most co coveted piece of real estate in Washington DC, the best location. - What I found there was all in all, those allegations were overblown. Really, in retrospect, it looks like the Trump Association drove away as many people as it attracted. As much as some people might have gone there to show their support for Trump, an equal number of people probably stayed away because they didn't wanna get caught up in an influence scandal or they didn't like the president. It now turns out that after Trump sold the hotel, it's ultimately done better as a Waldorf Astoria. So I concluded the spending at his hotels by government agencies, or by influence seekers looking to curry favor probably came out to be a wash. The amount of money he made from that is probably zero. Next I turn to the Persian Gulf. The Persian Gulf has been a key locus for a lot of the Trump moneymaking. In retrospect, the Persian Gulf always posed a kind of ethical challenge and financial opportunity. - Do you think Biden would be doing it? I don't think so. - The first member of the Trump family who seems to have taken advantage of this, was Jared Kushner, who was Trump's Middle East envoy in his first term. Shortly after Trump left the White House in 2021, Jared Kushner was back over in Saudi Arabia, soliciting investments for a new private equity firm he'd founded, Affinity Partners. The Saudi Sovereign Wealth Fund, The Public Investment Fund has a panel of esteemed experts that it calls on to give advice about new investments. They said unanimously, that he had no experience in private equity, no track record. They were overruled. The Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, Mohammed bin Salman decided to go ahead anyway, and so the Saudis put in $2 billion. Kushner continued to raise money almost exclusively from foreign sources. By the end of last year, he had brought in a total of 4.8 billion in assets under management, quite a bit of that also from the United Arab Emirates and the Qataris. Just from management fees, he would earn the equivalent right now of $320 million over the next 10 years. Then I'd turn to some of the real estate deals the Trump family has recently done in the Persian Gulf. Despite a lot of effort over the years, the Trumps had only managed to land one deal in the high dollar Persian Gulf. There's a golf course in Dubai that pays the Trumps to license their name and a management fee, and that's been very lucrative for them over the years. Now, they signed that deal before he first went into the White House, so I'm not gonna count that, but it provided a sort of benchmark to try to figure out what he'd made from some of the other deals. And in the last couple years, those have come hot and heavy. In late 2022, after Trump was already pretty much the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, he signed an anomalous new deal with a Saudi company called Dal Al Arkan to build a vast new project in Oman, in Muscat, and that was followed after he was elected by no fewer than four other deals with the same Saudi company in Dubai, Jeddah, Riyadh, and Doha. Some of those are 10 year deals and those are 30 year deals. But I calculated that the present value of all that money comes out to $105.8 million. A lot of attention has been paid to Trump's announcement a few months ago that the Amir of Qatar had gifted him a new private jet, the former royal jet of the Qatari Royal family. So Trump announced that that was a gift to the Pentagon, which would use it as a new Air Force One. But when he left office, he said it would then pass to the Trump Presidential Library. Realistically, no other president would've gone to the Persian Gulf and come back with a free gift of a private jet, and there's no doubt that the Qatari would not have given him that private jet if he wasn't in the president of the United States. Right now, according to the New York Times, its value on the used jet market is about $150 million. A lot of the Trump real estate deals are legitimate in the sense that they were the business the Trumps were in before he ever got into politics. - I always consider myself a deal junkie. I call it a deal junkie. - The recent deal in Vietnam is a different story. When polls show that Trump was almost certain to return to the White House, the General Secretary of the Vietnamese Communist Party who rules the country, To Lamb, visited New York, and while in New York, To Lamb oversaw the signing of an agreement for a new golf resort. That's a golf resort to be built in cooperation with the Trump organization, licensing the Trump name. We don't know how much that project is gonna make. It's very, very large, including 54 holes of golf. It'll occupy a space three times as large as Central Park. Trump has already reported $5 million in licensing income. So I figured conservatively over 10 years, we can assume it's gonna bring in at least $50 million. The present value of that to Trump is about 40 million. The next section, I'm gonna call the corporate squeeze. In the past, presidential nominees or presidents have never filed lawsuits against media companies. It seems like an unfair use of power. Nonetheless, President Trump, who had really a very dismal record at suing media companies in the past. Throughout his career, he's filed about a dozen lawsuits that have either been dismissed or withdrawn against media companies of one kind or another. - Because when somebody says something, I think you have to refute it, right? - $15 million from ABC News, a payment of 22 million from Meta, the parent company that owns Facebook, a payment of $10 million from X, formally known as Twitter, and a payment of $16 million from CBS News, a unit of Paramount. - Boy, look at all the cameras back there. That's amazing. [crowd booing] It's the fake news. - On top of that, he and his wife have also sold to Amazon.com, the rights to make a movie of her life. Amazon agreed to pay her $40 million to make that movie. Her cut comes out to about 28 million. That's money that he can use to support his post-presidential lifestyle. So all in all, I added up these payments from various corporations and that comes out to another 91 million. Now, Truth Social, arguably Truth Social, his social media platform would not exist without his tenure in the White House, and he continues to use presidential statements made over Truth Social to draw customers to the platform. Its user base is basically his MAGA supporters. So definitely that's in the column of Presidential Profits. But how much is it worth? It lost more than $400 million last year. A lot of institutional investors consider it a meme stock. That is the parent company that owns Truth Social has a stock that goes up and down based primarily on how people feel about President Trump. So I consulted an eminent forensic accountant to try to come up with a ballpark figure for what it might be worth. He told me probably it's worth someplace between four and 20 million. To be generous, he suggested tacking on another 5 million, so we'll put that at 25 million in personal profit. Donald Trump Jr, the president's oldest son, recently made news by circulating plans to create a new private club in Washington DC to be called Executive Branch. The most notable thing about this club is that its members include Donald Trump Jr and a number of other people close to the president. At an opening party in June, they drew at least seven cabinet members. The club made a lot of headlines by asking for initiation fees that range as high as half a million dollars a person. 20 founding members paid that high initiation fee. Another 180 or so initial members paid a much lower initiation fee of about a hundred thousand dollars. They said to me convincingly, that probably they don't really expect to make money, that their operating costs will pretty quickly burn through all of that. I'm not gonna add that money to the Trump's personal profits. At the same time, Donald Trump Jr who's setting up that club, is also in business with another one of the founders. Omeed Malik a financier, and that relationship is much more lucrative for him. Omeed Malik also runs a venture capital firm called 1789 Capital. Last fall, Malik brought Donald Trump Jr into the firm as a partner. I talked to consultants in the business who guessed that he's probably making about 200,000 a year. On top of that, the fund is raised about a billion dollars. The partners split about 20% of the profits. I calculated that the present value of the money that Donald Trump Jr stands to make from 1789 Capital comes out to $19.6 million. Much of the money that the Trump family has made in recent months has come in the form of crypto, which is something that the president himself used to be quite skeptical of. - The United States will be the crypto capital of the planet and the Bitcoin superpower of the world, and we'll get it done. [audience cheering] - He got into releasing NFTs, non fungible tokens. - America needs a superhero. [bold music] I'm doing my first official Donald J. Trump NFT collection right here and right now. They're called Trump Digital Trading Cards. - Trump got into this business in 2022 and began selling a variety of cartoons of himself. Trump, you know, as a biker with a guitar, Trump is a must superhero. We calculate that with another NFT sold by his wife, that comes to $14.4 million. The next Trump family crypto business is called World Liberty Financial. This was announced last fall. During the campaign, Trump took time out to participate in a desultory two hour live stream. It involves his sons and Zach Witkoff, the son of his diplomatic envoy, Steve Witkoff. The first thing that it did was begin selling a special crypto token, which would entitle the owner to vote on whatever its future plans would be. The company said that the Trump family or entities related to the Trump family would get about 75% of the proceeds of those token sales. That came to about $550 million by around the time of the inauguration. The Trump family's cut of that is 412.5 million. Another way that the Trump family has made money off of crypto has actually taken them back to the Persian Gulf. Zach Witkoff announced a few months ago at a conference in Dubai that a company owned by the Royal Family of the United Arab Emirates was going to buy $2 billion of what's known as stablecoin from World Liberty Financial. Now, stablecoin is a special kind of crypto that's supposed to basically replicate the value of a dollar. Between the time when they sell the stable coin and take your dollar, they can invest it and earn a little bit of interest on that money. At current treasury yields, more than 4%. The Emirati investment of $2 billion is a profit opportunity for them as long as the stable coin is not redeemed. Importantly, the Emiratis bought that stable coin in order to use it to invest in another crypto company, Binance. Binance controls when that stable coin is redeemed. I'm gonna assume that Binance is not gonna redeem that stable coin while Trump is still in the White House. I calculated that by the time Trump leaves the White House for the second time, World Liberty Financial will have made more than 280 million in interest on the deposits behind that stable coin, the Trump family's cut of that is about 168 million. After that deal was announced, another Emirati entity, a foundation, kind of a shadowy foundation called Aqua One, that no one knows much about, also announced that it was going to spend a hundred million dollars buying World Liberty Governance or voting tokens, 75% of that goes to the Trumps. So all in all, that's $243 million in crypto money that the Trump family has made from the United Arab Emirates. What is now known as American Bitcoin started out as a partnership between the Trump Brothers and a small securities firm called Dominari. Dominari and the Trump Brothers set up a joint venture that was gonna invest in data centers. It was gonna be owned one third by Dominari, two thirds by the Trump family. About a month after they announced it, however, it took a different turn. This Bitcoin mining company Hut 8 contributed a hundred million dollars of equipment to this joint venture that the Trumps had set up with Dominari. In exchange, Hut 8 is gonna own 80% of the venture. Since the Trump brothers had two thirds of that joint venture, they now have about 13% of the new company. So the Trumps through this complicated transaction have come away with an ownership interest equivalent to about $13 million in Bitcoin mining machinery. In the last few months, the company that owns True Social has done something very different and totally unrelated to social media. Trump media and technology group has decided to go into the crypto business, mainly by selling stock at an inflated meme coin like price, just because their association with the presidency. - It's really happening. Bitcoin is really happening, crypto generally. - The company has capitalized on the irrationally or unusually high price of its shares, to sell stock in order to raise money. And with that money they've gone out and bought Bitcoin. Trump Media Technology Group now holds about $760 million in cash, and on top of that, about 2.3 or $2.4 billion in Bitcoin. Trump now holds about a 42% stake in Trump Media and Technology Group. I'm gonna say that 42% stake in the company gives him about a 42% ownership interest in its pile of Bitcoin and cash. After all, the company could feasibly just sell all of that and dividend the money to shareholders. If they did, that would bring President Trump about $1.3 billion. The Trump family's last crypto business is really remarkable. Eight years after the family first said that it would never do anything even perceived as exploiting the presidency, I think this new venture has distilled that exploitation to its purest possible form. What they've sold is known as a meme coin, that is a form of crypto, a form of cryptocurrency that doesn't even really purport to be anything more than a novelty or a gimmick or a kind of online joke. It's just sold as a bit of fun, in this case, the fun of paying money to President Donald Trump. After introducing the meme coin shortly before the inauguration, Trump came forward again in April and announced that in fact, he was gonna host a private dinner for the top 220 holders of his meme coin, reincentivizing people to go out and buy as much as they can. And I was there to try to watch the attendees come and go. By that time we estimate that the revenue that he'd brought in through sales of the meme coin, some trading fees, and another meme coin sold by his wife, had come to at least $385 million. I've tried to give the president the benefit of the doubt at every turn. I've used present value calculations so that I'm not counting money he's gonna earn in 30 years with money he's earned today. And I've tried to come up with a baseline, so in all likelihood, he's actually gonna earn a lot more than this. I asked myself, why does it matter? You know, a lot of this stuff is publicly disclosed. He doesn't make any secret of his money making. the people that he's squeezing the most out of are his own supporters. Adding it all up, I come to about $3.4 billion. The thing that stands out after tallying up all this money is just the almost desperate eagerness. It's as though the Trump family really is not missing any opportunity to make as much money as they can off of his presidency. And that made me wonder even more, what might these people be getting for the money they're paying the president? If he wants it that badly, what do you think they're getting out of it? And that's the question that I was left with.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JoanneHolcomb-c8u [1 likes]: I cant believe  how long it takes for you to tell us something you tell awhole story before you get the to the point
  2. @well_mannered_goat [1 likes]: Seeing this 7 months later and wondering what the figures are up to now.  Several billion more, at least.
  3. @robertrinehart3017 [1 likes]: Why is there music playing while he is speaking?
  4. @The-Faithful-and-True: The Finality of eternal torment.... with Demons torturing and boiling and burning him... surrounded by fires.. somewhere underneath deep... called... Sheol..
  5. @RoxaneRecinos-x9c: America needs to take all their money
  6. @juanscott7130: If it aquatic aàra
  7. @Will-i5u: This videos are nothing more than click baits and Youtube political formats.
  8. @0-blitz: But those that live in W. Virginia who earn maybe $20-30K annually, vote for this guy, because they believe he has their best interest?!?!
  9. @larrydraper8220: Donnie your a crook
  10. @mariolamadaleine8613: Evil simply !
  11. @MarionMarcetic-x4b: MAKE AMERICA GRIFT AGAIN!!!
NEED I SAY MORE???⚔️⚔️⚔️⚔️⚔️⚔️‼️‼️‼️
  12. @brud54: The biggest grift of any POTUS past or present and we all sit still and watch it, trumps even greater grift
  13. @perusingposts2557: Most Americans so not care the US Constitution is no longer the law of the land,
  14. @mack2233: 125 million hahahaha times that by 20 at least
  15. @angelmasionett7150: Got nothing
  16. @TONY.T-UP: “10 % (really 90%) for the big guy.”
  17. @FranciscoParra-du1dc: WE DESERVE HIM.  WE VOTED HIM IN.  WE KNEW FULL WELL HE WAS A PREDATOR LIKE NON OTHER ONE AND STILL PUT HIM IN POWER.  WE DESERVE LOSING EVERYTHING AND LIVE IN MISERY JUST LIKE HE IS AIMING TO DO.
  18. @rickferrari3: EVERY penny that this mobster convicted felon is making with his illegal business while squatting in the Oval Office should be confiscated and returned to the American People and , throw him in jail for the rest of his evil life!!!
  19. @normansyakir3521: Mestinya malu, topi2nya made in China
  20. @fritzbang4805: As you can see our fascist regime is not interested in democracy in Venezuela, not interested in democracy in Iran nor in Cuba and is trying to destroy democracy in the US.

- Tips and Advice EVERY New Real Estate Agent Needs to Know: Kind: captions Language: en if you're a new real estate agent these are the eight things that i wish somebody would have told me when i got started that i'm now telling you number one you're getting into a sales business i don't care what anybody else says out there real estate is in fact a direct outbound sales business which means you're going to have to pick up the phone call strangers and oh yeah by the way work on your skills don't think for one second that you're going to get in this business get your license pass your exam and then people are just going to start blowing you up on social media and start calling you to come and list their property any real estate agent will tell you the same it doesn't work that way you're gonna have to go out there and generate business on your own number two your skills are the absolute most important part of your business it's not marketing it's nothing else matter of fact i put out a poll to thousands of real estate agents on my instagram and i asked them i said hey what do you think is the most important part now that you're in the business what do you think is the most important part of a real estate agent's business and i asked him was it sales skills or your ability to market and over 90 percent of the poll came back and said sales skills i can tell you with absolute certainty that the people that decide to hire me as their agent over over the last 16 years of being in this industry and the hundreds of homes that i've that i've listed and sold the thousands of homes people are doing business with me based on how i make them feel do i make them feel confident that i'm the right agent for the job you can only do that through skills it doesn't matter how sexy your website is it doesn't matter if you have velvet business cards that's not going to move the needle your skill set will be the only thing that determines whether or not somebody is going to be confident enough to hire you as their agent number three know right now you can absolutely compete and not only compete you can beat top agents you can beat experienced agents in your market if you'll master the marketplace if you understand the market better than any other agent these are the six different stats or ratios that i'm that i'm begging you with much love and much respect to go into your mls every single month and master number one is the number of active listings in the marketplace okay and so when we look at active listings this is the market how many homes are for sale right now number two how many new listings come into the marketplace every single month you need to be able to recognize that and speak to it number three number of homes sold okay that's a ratio called the absorption rate how many new homes are coming into the market how many are selling this will give you the absorption rate or how many months worth of inventory there is in the marketplace super critical for you and understand that number four the list price to sold price ratio someone lists their house at 100 000 how much are they getting that's a ratio you need to know your ratio in your market number five average days on market i make the argument and my students know this to be true i make the argument this is the one ratio that drives the entire real estate marketplace for buyers and sellers average days on market timing is the most critical driving factor for a real estate transaction the number six average showings to get an offer how many times do we have to show the house on average to get an offer imagine a world you can articulate all six of those to a prospective seller when you're at an interview and you can do it in a way that positions you as a market expert okay next when we talk about beating the competition okay as a brand new agent you can do that not only by knowing the stats but by previewing homes you should be spending all the time because you probably have a lot of time on your hands right now previewing all of the new listings that hit the market every time a house hits the market in your local area that you're going to work you need to go schedule an agent preview go physically walk through the property this will allow you to know the marketplace know the homes inside and out no prices better than any other agent be a student of the game master the market number four get a coach okay this is so simple yet so many agents are not doing it because oh that's an expense you can't afford not to have a coach i mean here's the reality it's the age-old advice right if you want to succeed find somebody who has already done what you want to do and ask them how to do it so i have a link beneath this video if you'd like to talk to me about coaching and working with me i'd be happy to do so if it's not going to be me that's coaching you then go hire somebody else but believe me when i tell coaching uh is is uh the cost of coaching is something that is so um you'll be glad that you did it because the amount of time that i can cut from a learning curve the the amount of um effort energy frustration money that i can save an agent when i coach with them it's it's not even close and you go watch some of the agents uh that are in my program and see what they say but get a coach this is not a pitch for coaching with me this is a pitch for you to get a coach because people have walked before you and success leaves clues number five focus on your database plus three additional lead sources this is the reality there are agents been in the business for 10 15 20 30 years still chasing zillow leads because they've neglected the most important part of their business which is their database the people that they know that they trust that they like and that they and that those folks like them your sphere of influence friends family past clients referral partners is the most important segment of your business you need to focus on communicating with that group plus an additional lead three lead sources for sale by owners expired listings and for rent by owners every agent needs to have those three in their pillar it's the lowest hanging fruit the easiest way to get now listings okay number six master your enlisting presentation when you get a shot to go an interview okay you get that call you do everything i i i ask you to do and you get that opportunity to go and interview for the job you've got to know you've got to be able to nail that presentation so at the end of the presentation the sellers look at each other and say you're the obvious choice we'd love to hire you number seven learn how to price property so i just talked about knowing the market stats previewing the property now you need to know how to actually do a cma or a comparative market analysis a price analysis you need to know how to price property and not only do you need to know how to do it what i also recommend is you call everybody in your sphere and offer up the free cma right you talk about providing value into the database imagine a world you picked up the phone okay i know it weighs a thousand pounds you're scared shitless of it you picked it up you called your top 100 and you said bob and sue hey uh you know i'm a new real estate agent as you guys know i got into the business i'd like to do a price analysis on your property for the simple fact of me getting an opportunity to practice and two you can have that information and so if you guys are okay with it i'd like to get a little bit of some details on your property and i'll send it in the mail right so many people will be so appreciative of that and you'll get really good at pricing property number eight make 50 contacts a day five days a week and you will win with 100 certainty pick up the phone have 50 5-0 conversations per day five days a week 250 conversations uh uh per week you cannot help but win i promise you if you do 50 conversations to your sphere of influence your friends your family business professionals in your market divorce attorneys cpas financial planners expired listings old expireds for sale by owners for rent by owners absentee owners if you do that you will absolutely win matter of fact i would actually bet that within two years you're the top agent at your company so if you're a brand new agent okay and you want to see how uh an agent in my coaching program is doing everything that we talk about how he's getting three listings a month as a brand new agent watch this video right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @brekawilkinson5639 [41 likes]: Let me add my input as a buyer who just got out of a contract with a realtor. #1 most important trait you MUST HAVE is HONESTY and ability to communicate honestly and directly!!! Do not lie to your buyers or sellers! Trust once broken is almost never reparable, and your reputation matters.
  2. @BrandonMulrenin [13 likes]: What is your biggest challenge as a new agent?
  3. @searchbug [2 likes]: Building your database and making 50 contacts a day is simple but impactful, success really is a numbers game. And yes, coaching shortens the learning curve more than anything else.

I’d also add that verifying contacts can help tremendously, making sure the information is accurate and up to date ensures your outreach is effective and builds trust faster.
  4. @yeanettemarchese3898 [1 likes]: I am working on getting my Real Estate license. Could I attend the workshop?
  5. @theprosperityagents [1 likes]: Great tips! For new agents, the key is focus and consistency: follow up with every lead, track your pipeline, and know your local market inside and out. Simple systems for CRM, scheduling showings, and marketing go a long way in closing more deals without burning out. Time is your most valuable resource as a new agent. Use tools and simple workflows to handle repetitive tasks, so you can spend more time on showings, negotiations, and building your reputation in your market.
  6. @FloridaLivingFun: Using a Buyer Broker Agreement should be the agent's choice, not under a threat of a $5,000 fine!
Realtors are so used to being dictated to by NAR that they don't realize that if they come together as one, they have great power to make changes.
For example; This "Buyers Broker Agreement" rule helps no one except NAR itself and needs to go! 
Realtors should band together and protest the NAR. They need your money more than you need them! 
The dues you pay keeps them in business.
We have been NAR-free for 3 years and have no reason to go back! We have all the same tools you do... just without the trademark, which we find has no true value. 
We use "Broker" or Specialist or Consultant" instead of Realtor, and our clients couldn't care less. 
That is the only real difference. The only thing you are paying for is the trademark and the fund if you should commit fraud, which no one I know ever needed. 
Our E&O insurance includes a legal hotline for free to all of my agents, so no loss there either. 
Those are the only 2 useless and unnecessary things that changed when we left NAR. 
We follow ethics because we choose to, not because of being threatened by NAR! 
I could go on and about the benefits of leaving NAR, but the main thing agents need to know is that the dues they pay is the lifeline of NAR and if agents power together, this BBA nonsense can be stopped!
Stand up and don't be afraid of them! "United we stand and divided we fall."
Using a Buyer Broker Agreement should be the agent's choice, not under a threat of a $5,000 fine!
A lot of agents are afraid of NAR because they worry that they need NAR for MLS access, but that is no longer true. 
In the past MLS's which required NAR memberships were sued for millions by agents.
Stand up fearlessly knowing this! 
The truth needs to be told.
  7. @Shipslitz: all you have to do is 1.) call the county (public record) for the appraiser's value, 2.) study those results and base your proposals on them, and 3.) develop office capabilities that can facilitate and negotiate a fair financial transaction quickly. that's it
  8. @LydiaTiff: im 18 looking into real estate job
  9. @AaronEdenCompanion: Nice! Working towards that. My coach is my own real estate agent. They are your best person to go to afterall since they are in the market longer than you.
  10. @realtor180: Hey @BrandonMulrenin let's get you booked as a guest on the Realtor180 podcast!
  11. @DexJuniper: Another thing is you don’t generate 1-6k/month from an apartment or even 2 duplexes cause most of it goes towards the mortgage if you want 1-6k in actual profits and not go through starting a business buy existing businesses often times reliable small businesses cost the same as buying a house 100-400k instead of making 300$ in profits from a house make 1-6k from that.
  12. @ShaunCarter-n5n: the first and foremost tip is knowing the difference between a real estate agents and realtors
  13. @kimberlykish961: Do you have a top book that will help with sales skills?
  14. @Beastwar-h9u: Youtube recommended me your videos I am soo soo thankful really good stuff  

Btw

I was wondering if you’re currently looking for someone to help with design or visuals for your content?
  15. @divicrockett1293: Where do you live as in what market are you in?
  16. @marryemi88: Great content 🎉
  17. @marryemi88: Nice video.
How to join you 🎉❤
  18. @JulieVanderblue-y6w: Hey Brandon, love your real estate content!
Do you or your students need motivated seller / distressed property lists for your deals?
I provide fresh, targeted real estate lists nationwide.

If you’re interested, reply here or send me your contact info and I’ll share more details.
  19. @sonyafmoore: Brandon, you are so correct. I wish I knew this when I started. I wasn't taught to build crm database, study market etc that I went back to work. Still do real estate on the side. Videos and go to networking. Thank you for sharing. You have great content.
  20. @NawazKhan-ve2vb: Thanks 👍🙏

- How to Get Started in NYC Real Estate | Tips from Colin O’Leary: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the vibrant world of New York City real estate I'm Colin oi founder and team leader of the big city team at Berkshire hathway Home Services whether you're just thinking about getting started in the real estate business or if you're ready to jump right in I'm here to offer you valuable insights to help Kickstart your journey in New York City's Dynamic real estate market the New York City real estate market stands apart from any other Market in the nation here you'll find a rich tapestry of different property types ranging from historic pre-war buildings to Sleek modern architecture from opulent highrise skyscrapers to Charming single story homes and everything imaginable in between set against the backdrop of our fast-paced Urban landscape selling real estate in New York City is an experience unlike any other offering a dynamic blend of diversity and excitement at at every turn before immersing yourself in the fast-paced of New York City's real estate market it's important to establish a solid foundation of knowledge take the time to explore the city's diverse neighborhoods stay on top of the latest market trends and familiarize yourself with the intricacies of property transactions in New York state meeting the licensing requirements including completing a comprehensive 77h hour course and passing a rigorous state exam is your initial step toward success next selecting the right brokerage is Paramount for a spiring agents in New York City your brokerage serves as your Guiding Light providing essential training programs mentorship and invaluable resources who you choose to work with will have a major impact on your career seek out a brokerage with not just a stellar reputation and great marketing capabilities but also with great leadership and a culture that resonates with your values in New York City's expansive real estate Arena there's a niche for everyone whether your passion lies in residential commercial retail or investment properties carve out your specialty and pos position yourself as an authority in your chosen domain take some time to think about what you want to focus on too think about which neighborhoods you want to focus on do you want to work with Buyers or sellers or both do you want to sell apartments in the form of condos and co-ops or or do you prefer to help people buy and sell those pre-war Town Homes networking is fundamental in the competitive realm of New York City real estate start building your network Now by attending industry events joining professional organizations and leveraging the power of social media to help Forge New connections cultivating mutually beneficial relationships is instrumental to in in unlocking lucrative opportunities for your real estate business effective marketing is indispensable for standing out in a competitive market like New York develop a compelling personal brand harness digital marketing tools and utilize storytelling to establish connections with your audience dive into the realm of real estate markeet marketing by familiarizing yourself with the various marketing forms both digital and Print in conclusion embarking on a career in New York City real estate is an exhilarating Journey brimming with possibilities armed with the right knowledge passion and tenacity you can carve out a niche and make yourself and make your mark on the city's iconic Skyline remember adaptability is key in New York City real estate where change is the only constant stay flexible and be willing to adjust your approach to stay ahead of the curve if you have any questions or seek further guidance on getting started in the New York City real estate business feel free to reach out to me at 6463 20102 I'm Colin oi founder and team leader of the big city team at Berkshire hathway Home Services thanks for watching and have a great day

- Ryan Serhant's NYC real estate tips: Kind: captions Language: en I think in hindsight it was an amazing time to start honestly because I was coming from nothing I mean I got into real estate because I had no money and I didn't want to move home to Colorado and paint wooden fence for the rest of my life and so I got my real estate license so I could afford to stay in New York City I was gonna rent an apartment a month and then just do what I want to do and so as every other real estate agent was getting out of the business because their lifestyle was here and the market was allowing them to live here I was able to pick up the pieces and that's sort of how I built my career and how I learned but how did you start because you weren't a rich kid he grew up in New York who had a lot of wealthy friends fortunately you know it's all about connections and knowing people how did you just one day become a broker and meet people and get them to buy or sell your there houses for them I mean the one big piece of advice people gave me was what's unique about urban markets is that everyone on the street is a potential client and I don't know if it was maybe yeah I would go into Starbucks on 49th and Madison and I would try to find people and I would ask them if they needed more space I had nothing to lose I mean what was I was gonna let go homes the answer in New York is always yes right yeah or you know they tell me to stop talking to them because it was weird and I would try to find people walking out of Saks Fifth Avenue because our office is right there with more than two shopping bags that was my cue maybe they could afford an apartment now one of the big tips in this book for people who have to sell is to have a lot of balls up in the air yes balls of the year explain that philosophy my sales kind of game theory if you will is that whereas most people go deal by deal and stay hyper focused on one deal until it closes or doesn't close it's not a great way to build a career especially in what we see is a super volatile market and so I've always tried to have as many deals or balls or clients in the air as possible and then figure out through that sales muscle and through that discipline which I talked about in the book a lot how to control that chaos and that's how I've been able to do what I've been able to do not being from New York or are you better off pricing your property low and hoping to get a bidding war or pricing it for the number you actually want to get it's a good question and I love that because I always if I can price low to create the market near city is a very unique place people here are very greedy and they're very image conscious and they want to be able to send their listing with that really high price to their friends and say look how much my place is worth but that listing price means nothing it is a gray line it is just a bait right for buyers to come through do what they do in Australia they price really low and their listing period is less than 30 days for a good reason you

  Top Comments:
  1. @RyanSerhant [20 likes]: Great lookin guy
  2. @KBonilla [2 likes]: I respect this dude. He’s self made

- Real Estate in New York: 10 Pro Tips for Investment Success: Kind: captions Language: en investing in real estate in the bustling heart of the world's capital is akin to crafting a masterpiece for those venturing into the real estate Arena For the First Time The Key To Success lies in securing substantial Returns on investment every day a multitude of New Yorkers dive head first into property Investments each nurturing the aspiration of ascending to the summit of real estate success however only a select few managed to cross the finish line so if you're contemplating testing the waters of property investment in the globe's most cutthroat real estate market you must acquaint yourself with the following insights one research the market thorough and preemptive research serves as the Cornerstone of success in any investment Venture real estate in particular carries inherent risks as property prices can experience rapid fluctuations to safeguard your investment and ensure a substantial return it is imperative to possess a well-defined understanding of the local real estate landscape this means gaining insight into the market conditions of your chosen neighborhood equipping self with knowledge through attendance at industry seminars engaging in discussions with seasoned experts and meticulously scouring property listings on reputable NYC Real Estate websites can be your compass in this endeavor now if you're hungry for more invaluable real estate insights and want to stay on top of your game don't forget to hit that subscribe button below by subscribing you'll gain access to a wealth of knowledge and be better prepared for your next Real Estate Investment subscribe now and let's embark on this journey together two go along with the financial plan addressing this crucial aspect should be your first step before embarking on your journey to secure an apartment in Manhattan take a moment to sit down carefully assess your budget and ask yourself essential questions are you seeking a one-time investment or do you aim to generate passive income if your Ambitions include Swift wealth accumulation you might consider a more assertive strategy potentially exploring alternative real estate investment Avenues whatever your aspirations crafting a wellth thought out financial plan is is Paramount in aligning your efforts with your financial objectives three choosing the neighborhood an investment of $200,000 may not yield the same results in Hudson Square as it would in locations such as the South Bronx real estate investments in New York City are marked by diverse price ranges in each burrow consequently selecting the right neighborhood is crucial aligning with your budgetary constraints four consider both rentals versus sales when it comes to deciding between renting or selling the p Capital question is which option will deliver the highest return on investment Roi it's essential to recognize that in New York City different areas exhibit varying Trends some neighborhoods favor rentals as a means to maximize profits While others lean towards sales to make an informed Choice undertake a thorough comparison and Analysis of the potential outcomes in your selected local ultimately opting for the Avenue that promises Superior Revenue five you can't strike gold quickly if you believe that property investment offers a shortcut to Rapid wealth you might be setting yourself up for disappointment it's essential to approach your investment with a realistic perspective building an empire in the span of a few months is a rare feat typically requiring substantial Capital Property investment is inherently a long-term commitment one that yields its rewards over time much like any other investment it necessitates patience and a far-sighted Outlook embrace your real estate venture as an enduring Journey with the potential for lasting growth and prosperity six look for a reliable partner venturing into real estate without a firm grasp of the market is a perilous path to tread it's prudent to solicit assistance from a reputable investment firm with a well documented history in this specialized field since you'll be making significant financial commitments establishing a strong and unwavering trust in your partner be it an investment company or a real estate broker is Paramount seven start with a teeny weeny investment for those stepping into the real estate arena for the first time it's it's advisable not to overextend yourself from the outset commencing with a modest investment is a prudent and secure approach in the event of an initial setback this strategy allows room for a second attempt embarking on a smaller Venture affords you valuable insight into the intricacies of the investment process it's worth noting that many real estate tycoons initiated their illustrious Journeys in much the same fashion eight follow the business-minded approach to remain at the Forefront of the real estate game it's imperative to cultivate a business-oriented approach just as you meticulously address all facets of a corporate project your real estate Endeavors should undergo the same thorough scrutiny property investment is fundamentally a business venture and Demands a business person's Acumen to steer it to success however always bear in mind that the ultimate objective is profit generation therefore it's vital to undertake calculated actions that will maximize your returns nine enhance Real Estate Circle establish a strong presence within the market and ensure that your impending foray into the world of Investments doesn't go unnoticed Forge connections with fellow investors and real estate professionals to cultivate a robust social network the nature of success in this field makes it a challenging if not insurmountable task to accomplish an isolation in the city that never rests you'll discover a plethora of individuals willing to extend a helping hand and guide you on your journey to success 10 be aware of purchase costs the acquisition of real estate in New York City encompasses a multitude of concealed expenses including mortgage payments agent commissions upkeep expenditures and property taxes it is vital to maintain Financial Prudence by taking into account the full spectrum of these costs you can access detailed estimates of these fees right here in conclusion these insightful tips are your Guiding Light on the path to success in the dynamic world of real estate investment whether you're a seasoned investor or just starting the strategies discussed here can make a substantial difference in your journey if you're eager to expand your Horizons and explore opportunities in another Prime real estate market we invite you to check out our video on real estate in Florida by clicking the link displayed on your screen it's a wealth of information to help you navigate the unique landscape of property investment in the Sunshine State thanks for watching and we look forward to having you join us in our next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @WallStreetIceCream [1 likes]: I have good credit but limited capital how can i secure funding $ using OPM a video would be helpful.

- How to be a SUCCESSFUL Real Estate Agent in 7 Steps | Ryan Serhant: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat music) - A lot of people ask me how I became the number one real estate agent in the world. They wanna know, how do I sell almost 100 million dollars worth of homes every month? Sorry, I intermittent fast and I'm hungry, whatever. So, I decided to create a video, the video you're watching, to show you how to become a real estate agent. I'm gonna give you the seven steps you need to take to become a million-dollar broker like me. - Hey, can you approve these listings? - Those listings? They look great. I'm gonna show you how I went from being a broke, lonely real estate agent to being a big one with this huge team and five assistants who help me every single day. - Please sign this cheque. - Sure, what's it for? - Don't worry about it. - Okay. So, step one, you need to find the best real estate agent in your neighborhood and you need to work for them for free. Yes, you need to be their intern. And you're gonna do a lot of things that you don't like. Like getting coffee, shredding paper, getting their dry cleaning. (elated music) But when you do this, it's gonna give you the opportunity to realize if real estate brokerage is really for you, with really low risk, and if you do right by that real estate agents, they're going to hire you on their team. - Hey Brian, you have a phone call. - Thanks intern. Hello. (client speaks on phone) You wanna know where to get your real estate license? I'm glad you asked. Next step, is getting your real estate license. All kidding aside, getting your real estate license is really, really serious and the way you do it depends on where you live. So go to Google or ask your mentor, who you just interned for, where they got their real estate license. It's easy, see. I can type it in. How to get your real estate license in Texas? Pretty simple, scroll down. Bla bla bla. Okay, step one, must be at least 18. Register for and complete 100 hours of required education. Either the team leader who you're interning for, or the internet will tell you where and how to get your real estate license. And what's great, is most times you can do it from home. You can also do it in person, which is the way I did it or you can do it at work or at school. And what could be really cool, is if you're doing it at work because you already have another job and you're getting your real estate license online, sometimes the person next to you wants to do real estate too and you can ask them maybe to join up on your team and you can going right away. Like Bliss, right here. Dude, I'm getting my real estate license. You wanna get yours too? - Nope. - Okay, so now you got your license. Now what? Before you can go out onto the street and hold up your hand and say, hi, I'm a real estate agent. Would you like to buy or sell a home with me? You need to get your license sponsored by a brokerage. And better yet, you wanna join a team. You don't wanna do what I did when I first started and work by yourself and not know what to do because most real estate agents who start work by themselves or don't know what to do end up quitting and doing something else. So that's not what you wanna do. And if you did step one, that mentor is your easiest first way in to that team. And the team's gonna have all the resources, the knowledge, the know how, to basically be your continuing education into the business after you get your license. And honestly, the best part about a team, is it's like family and everybody does everything together. And they all love each other. It's super, super cool. What's up team? (eletaed music) So you're on a team. Now, step four, you build your sphere of influence. And you do that in two separate ways. One, you do your warm sphere. That's your mom, your dad, your foster mom, your baby daddy, everyone you knew in first grade, everyone from Facebook, from Instagram, you reach out to them and you say, hi, my name is Bill. I'm a real estate agent now. Would you like to buy or sell with me? I promise you, your first clients are gonna come from that warm sphere of influence that you're going to build. Your next sphere is your cold sphere. Those are people you meet on the street. People you meet, like I did, in Starbucks. Some of my first clients were pregnant women in Starbucks because they needed more room. And it's easy to do. Here, look, I'll show you how to do it right now. Hey man, my name is Ryan, I'm Real Estate. Would you like to buy or sell? Okay, it takes time. (soft music) Now you got the ball rolling. You're licensed, you're on a team, you've got support, people are starting to know who you are even on the street. What's next, step five. Set up your day for success. Also known as Finder, Keeper, Doer. If you read my book or you take my course, you'll know that I set up my entire day and I calendar it so that I can be successful and generate leads. Finder is putting on your CEO hat. Set time in your calendar every day to go out and think about how you're gonna build your new business as an entrepreneur because that's really what real estate agents are. We are entrepreneurs who go out and try to find people to buy and sell homes. Next, you're gonna set a little time for keeper. Keeper time is like the CFO. Keeper time is time you're gonna focus on advertising money. How am I going to go out there and spend money to make money 'cause scared money don't make money. Maybe that's taking $10 that I have in my pocket and going to Starbucks and getting a couple lattes for people that could be clients. Maybe that's doing a mailer and putting stamps on postcards. Whatever it might be, you have something to spend to make money. And then lastly, is the doer time. Doer time is the operations. That's you actually putting the stamps on that postcard. That's you actually running up and down the street, showing the apartments, painting the walls of the little studio that you just got to rent for $600 a month. Finder, Keeper, Doer, FKD. You structure your day for success that way and you will grow your business as a successful sales entrepreneur, I guarantee it. Okay, so your day is structured. You're starting to build up your sphere of influence. Your networking your ass off, you're using the other agents in your office, you're helping them maybe running their open houses and you're building. Now you feel like a true sales person. Now it's step six, probably my biggest action item. Maybe the most effective step. That's the three F's, Follow up, follow through, follow back. It's how I really have built my entire business. By structuring my day, finder, keeper, doer, by working with other agents and networking my butt off and following up like it's my job 'cause it is my job because I'm a real estate agent and that's what real estate agents do. We follow up, we follow through and we follow back. So the first F is follow up. That's making sure everybody I meet on the street, everyone I talked to, I stay on top of them until they die. And their grandparents. I'm kind of joking, kind of not. That's my job. I'm gonna follow up with everybody because when they think real estate, I want them to think, Ryan. Then you've got follow through. Following through is the easiest thing to do. But the one that people have the hardest time with. It's just doing what you say you're going to do. If you meet someone, at an event, and they say, actually, I am looking for a home, cool. And you say, I'm gonna send you something, right now. But I said when I get home, I will send you a listing. Do it. It's blows my mind how many real estate agents out there say they're going to do something and then they don't do it. And then probably the most important F is following back. Anyone that you've ever met, anyone you've ever worked with, going back to them. Hey, happy birthday. Hey, congrats on your one year closing anniversary. The house across the street from you just sold for a record price. Aren't you happy you got the deal you did? Those are the three Fs, that is step six. You do that on top of everything else. You're now well on your way to crushing it. And now a quick word from our sponsors. This video is brought to you by the good people over at Audible. Audible is one of the greatest companies in the world. Actually, when I was writing my book, I thought to myself, man, who reads books anymore, literally? But I knew I wanted it to be on Audible. So if you go to audible.com, you can download Sound Like Serhant and you can listen to all of the chapters, the same way you would listen to podcast. You can listen to it on the go. It's actually really cool. And I read it myself. But Audible is an amazing, amazing place. And it's not just for audio books, you can get news, you can get comedy. They've got original content. It's really, really, really, really cool. And if you go to the link that's right here and the link in the description, which is audible.com/ryanserhant and you use this code somewhere here on the screen and you text it to 500-500. You'll get a 30 day free trial. And you'll get one audio book download for free and two Audible originals. What? Crazy, crazy. You make your mind right, you make your body right, you make your heart right and you will be a better salesperson. Go to the link now, type in the code. Go get your free trial. Step seven, and I can't stress this enough, become a people-finder. You are not a real estate agent. You're not real estate, you're not anything else. You are someone who goes out and finds people all day, every day. People who wanna rent, people who wanna buy, people who wanna sell and you wanna find other real estate agents. Build real estate agent relationships next to you, both in your office, in other offices, go to other people's open houses, go to broker open houses, go to networking events where other real estate like-minded people are and become part of the conversation. Now there's social media. You can meet new people through hashtags on Instagram. through DM on Twitter. You can meet people through LinkedIn, through Forbes. There so many ways that you can meet new people and you should be using all of those platforms to build your personal brand and you shout it from the rooftops through social media because that's what I use social for, both Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube. I'm continuously reminding people every single day, actively and passively, that I'm the greatest real estate agent in the history of the world and that when you think real estate, you should use me. And that's what it's for. So do that, as well as meeting people on the street and talking to your mom and your mom's new boyfriend. Become that people-finder and they will bring you more business. And a bonus step, step eight. I know the caption. The video said that they were the seven steps to becoming a real estate agent and that's true, but one little bonus step that I wanna give to you especially is, everybody else in the professional workforce, trains, they study. Think about professional athletes, they make so much money. They spend 95% of their time practicing. And only 5% of their time, in their life, playing games that we watch. Sales people, for some reason, don't think that way. They spend 95% of their time in games. Maybe they're with clients, talking to people on the phone, not practicing, not studying at all, thinking to themselves, oh, I'll just get more experience and I'll learn more. And then they spend maybe 5% of their time maybe taking a course here and there. They don't focus enough. And so I'm imploring to you as my last little bonus step. I want you to focus, I want you to train, I want you to study. Being the best salesperson you can be, who's gonna make the most money, whether you're doing this full time or part time, takes practice and it takes training and it takes learning from somebody who knows what they're doing. So I created a course just for you. (energetic music) You're ready? This is how you do it. Turn negatives into positives. It's a really beautiful building to look at. And it's not like it's another residential building where everyone's looking into your apartments. Do you have a fireplace in your current apartment? - I don't. - Would you like one? - Why not? - Here it is. I'm literally going to walk you through how I've done everything. My entire career and how I do it today. And that's what this course is about. I wanna show you exactly how I did that. It comes out tomorrow, Thursday, August 15. I've been working on it my entire life. It's everything I've ever learned about real estate, ever. How I do everything. The course is right here. It's through my website, ryanserhant.com/course. You can sign up now or you can go there after August 15. It's super easy and I promise you it is going to help you sell more, make more and live a much better lifestyle. That's how you become a real estate agent. That's how you become a million-dollar broker. I will see you on the other side of success. Ready, set, go. (evergetic rock music) Thanks for watching the vlog. Now, go sign up for my real estate course. It is the only real estate agent sales course you will ever need. And if you don't do real estate, you just do sales or you just are a human being, you should sign up for it too because it is going to make you a better business person. Go to ryanserhant.com/course or click the link right here in the description. It is going to change your life. I'm gonna help you sell more real estate, I'm gonna help you sell more stuff, I'm gonna help you make more money, I'm gonna make your life better, okay? ryanserhant.com/course, go there right now. Why are you still watching this? Go there now. Open a new tab. Plus, hit the Plus sign. Do that, and go there. Link in bio. Why are you still watching me talk? I don't understand. Time is money.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RyanSerhant [1300 likes]: Are you a new Real Estate Agent?! Let me know below 👇 I want to send a few of you a signed book!
  2. @BoluTife-f6z [107 likes]: Appreciating how clearly this video explained everything. IN what way can I START INVESTING this 2025 as a BEGINNER and be successful with more or less than $2,300?
  3. @Sanchezparker-e7i [13 likes]: Happy and successful year! I'm proud to say that I'll be debt free in just one week, having worked smart to pay off my $285,000 debt.
  4. @ad4118 [1 likes]: i met him on the train he let me pet hes dog he was so down ti earth & hes smart❤
  5. @doronleviraw: Facts 🎉
  6. @RiseWith-Sam: Many agents focus on generating leads but rarely think about the full acquisition journey those leads go through before becoming clients.
  7. @leavenhomes: 😂😂😂you are so funny
  8. @Pudge-v7z: You can barely sell burgers at Mcdonalds 😅😅
  9. @cosmicstars7389: I'm the new RE Agent, thank you
  10. @realtor180: Will there be a housing crisis in 2026?
  11. @naimmoran2601: Name of book?
  12. @magnumbrown: youre not intermittent fasting if you just took a bite of that apple
  13. @nahlamohamed9664: GMC 244
  14. @peterjensen3375: Here I am watching these videos with no intention of ever becoming a real estate agent
  15. @EuropeBritish-u3v: In HK. The real estate agents don't earn much
  16. @JeronimoGeronimo: u look like tom brady
  17. @abhinavcheriyambath4819: Can I work for you for free.
  18. @QodTrillions: I help realtors get verified buyer leads + book appointments every week. Want me to show you how it works?
  19. @aizocrest_properties: Successful talks
  20. @muhammadrizwan_realtor: "Ryan Serhant’s tips are truly inspiring — a perfect guide to becoming a successful real estate agent!"

- 17 Everyday Habits For A Clean Home - Tips For Keeping Home Clean: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys today i want to share with you my top 17 tips and habits for keeping a home clean and tidy at all times these tips and habits has helped me maintain a clean and tidy home on daily basis cleaning can be overwhelming and off-putting so incorporate these habits and tips in your life and your house will always be clean and tidy before we get into the tips to clean house i want to draw your attention to the fact that whether to clean or not to clean it's all in your head we often think more about cleaning than actually getting up and doing it so stop thinking about cleaning rather get up and do it one of my all favorite cleaning tips which a lot of you guys are now following is active mode on and off it is a mindset that sets you up on an active mode i am in my active mode few hours in the morning and girls bring it on any work and i will do it in afternoons i am in my rest mode and in evenings i am again in my active mode it's kind of a switch that i turn on and off and turn from being very active to being a lazy bum try it out it really works and now let's dive right into our habits for a clean home shelby tip number one clean as you go the basic idea behind clean as you go is that instead of waiting for the house to get really dirty and then having to spend a lot of time cleaning it you just clean a little bit at a time here are some of the ways i apply it when i cook if something has to simmer for few minutes i utilize that time and clean up my cooking area as i wait in between stirring the food so when i'm done cooking there's not a big mess at all i will rinse utensils in the sink and start loading the dishwasher and do such small tasks all i am trying to say is no idle time when cooking if i see a mess as i walk through the house i'll usually put a few things away never walk out of a room empty empty-handed picking up your house should be an autopilot mode habit it literally takes just a minute to put few items and no more mess when i'm done brushing my teeth in the morning i wipe the bathroom sink and counter to keep it clean having my water vinegar bathroom cleaner nearby makes it way easier when i'm done eating i usually wash all the pending dishes instead of leaving them in the sink i'll also put away any food that's left over in the fridge wash cooking dishes like pressure cooker knife cutting boards and wipe up the counters you get the idea right none of these takes more than a minute or three but by doing it as i go it takes very little effort and i never really have a messy house overall this is an easy system that works really well for me tip number two don't leave a room empty-handed this is one of my top tricks to stay organized never leaving a room empty handed i've gotten into the habit of always taking a look around before leaving a space in anticipation of putting something away in the space that i'm going into is there a toy that needs to be returned to kids room a coffee cup to the kitchen i'll take it long it saves me time in the long run because you aren't living it all to clean up at one time later on you are on top of it decluttering or tidying up your home should be a constant process and not once or twice a week process tip number three don't put it down put it away it honestly takes 20 extra seconds or less to put something away in the right place the first time then dump it on the first free surface you find then to move it when you need that space and then have to move it again and again until you finally put it away it really only takes few extra steps to put something away for the first time you use it think of the mantra don't put it down put it away every time you're about to put something down randomly in the kitchen is it dirty put it in the dishwasher is it clean or new put it in the cupboard refrigerator or back in the pantry tip number four break down your task do you want to feel like you've got a ton of stuff done at end of the day the key to achieving this is to work off a daily to-do list and make sure the tasks you put on your list are tasty tasks a tasty task is a task that is so well written that you almost can't resist doing it one key feature of any tasty task is that the task will take you no longer than one hour to complete another example is to clean and decorate so break down those big daunting tasks into smaller chunks while making it tasty few examples would be start a lot of laundry in the morning dry in the afternoon and fold and keep it away in your organized wardrobe in the evening another example would be breaking down cooking chore into grocery list meal plan weekly meal prep and cooking will never be a chore rather a breeze another one that is my favorite is that i break down all of my youtube work i shoot on one day script and voice over on another and edit on day number three this way i always feel fun and energetic to create new content for you guys and i'm always creative not stressing out to meet the deadline tip number five have a place for everything and have everything in its place life works better when you know where your things are it's very frustrating having to hunt for something you know that you have but can't find and conversely very satisfying when your home runs like a well oiled machine and you can find everything you want when you need it clutter is caused by a failure to return things to where they belong therefore storage should reduce the effort needed to put things away not the effort needed to get them out so take the pain to organize once organize your kitchen your pantry wardrobes organize your house make a place for everything and if something does not have a place please donate when you get home each day take five minutes to put things back in their places if you carry your laptop put it back at your desk if you carried a book with you place it back on its shelf if you are wearing a jewelry return it to its home the same thing goes for your makeup shoes your keys even your handbag make it a part of your i just got home ritual tip number six to have good cleaning products and gadgets invest in tools that make cleaning easier and quicker a stick vacuum is way better than using a broom that sweeps dust from one place to another if you're a gadget freak invest in a robot vacuum it doesn't do a perfect job i would say but it makes house cleaning a whole lot easier and frees up your time also the attachments with the vacuum helps you easily clean sofa or fly screen which otherwise could be a very tough job one of my favorite products is toilet blocks it eliminates the need to clean the toilet bowls on daily basis as a bonus your toilet never builds up that ugly brown ring and smells good always have less cleaning products use multi-purpose spray rather than having one for bathroom one for kitchen one for glass etc less is more also it prevents you from being exposed to various harmful chemicals on daily basis if possible go green mix lemon and water in a bottle and wipe kitchen counters use water and vinegar to clean bathroom surfaces and so on baking soda and vinegar works best for cooktops to clean chimney block drains etc tip number seven create a cleaning routine the key to managing household duties quickly and efficiently is to design an easy to follow routine that includes all the most important tasks i have a morning and evening cleaning routine morning routine includes 30 minutes regular cleaning daily and 30 minutes deep cleaning few times a week having deep cleaning as part of your cleaning routine eliminate the need to wait for diwali to deep clean evening routine includes kitchen cleanup post dinner prep i don't wait to eat dinner to clean up my kitchen as i would get lazy i do it prior and quick 15 minutes to pick up the house my house is never perfect guys it's never perfectly tidy or clean at all times but certainly under control morning and evening rituals help us pay more attention to our kitchens and how we feel and work in them tip number eight don't sit down before all tasks are done in short don't crash on the couch once dinner is cooked don't crash clean as you go as much as you can and whatever cleaning is left do it before you crash on your couch once you crash i bet 99.9 you will feel lazy to get up and clean and you will certainly procrastinate it for tomorrow leaving you a stressful and messy morning so resist that urge to crash rather force clean up then relax tip number nine donate then accumulate keep a donation box the more things you possess the more cluttered your house will get possessions not only clutter your physical space but steals your mental energy too so take time to clean and organize keep stuff that you will really use and sparks joy in you as mary kondo says donate the stuff that do not spark joy there is more joy in owning less than can be found in owning more and it is far better to donate than accumulate tip number 10 keeping floors clean we all know how quickly dirt dust and grime builds up prevention is better than cure use doormats at entrance take your shoes off and ask guests to do likewise too immediately wipe up any spills especially on porous surfaces like marble other than that sadly you've simply got to clean girl so invest in a good vacuum that will suck all the dirt and dust off the floor rather than sweeping or brooming that kind of stirred from one place to the another also having a spinner mop is great as its microfiber mop head is idle for all flows and no bending required though our indian way of mopping is great workout it takes much longer to mop compared to a spin mop mopping the flow every day is a good practice as it adds a lot of positivity and freshness to the room instead of adding disinfectant to the water simply add some sea salt and then do the mopping this will take away much of the negative energy and will raise the vibrations of the room salt is very effective way to get rid of pollution inside your home add one spoon salt to a bucket of water at least twice a week salt has been used since ages by our grandmothers to remove evil eye by others so give it a try tip number eleven clean up spillages immediately this is no brainer clean up spillages immediately rather than getting it dry as dry stains need more time and effort and energy to clean than fresh spills especially if you have kids around this is a very handy tip kids make mess and spill while eating so attend to it then and there and not put it for later as it will take away longer to clean then i know i know we cannot always attend to spillages immediately especially if there are few drops here and there in that case spray a disinfectant using spray bottle five minutes before mopping and mopping the floors would be so easy as the spillages would be moist again tip number 12 use squeegee water vinegar spray to keep bathroom mold away tired of bathroom mold try this mix half water and half vinegar into a spray bottle and once you are done showering simply spray this mixture and leave bathroom open for an hour to ventilate you can even squeegee to take off excess water of glass and the walls vinegar will prevent any further mold formation however it will not magically remove the mould that is already sitting there but after shower try this spray vinegar water mixture and take a toothbrush and thoroughly scrub it once your bathroom is free from mold spraying diluted vinegar will prevent mold from reoccurring tip number 13 keep counters clear clutter starts at the counter top which is why clutter free kitchens you'll notice always have clean and clear counters resist the urge to use the countertop as a drop of place for males keys magazines dirty dishes and all of life's miscellaneous to keep bathroom counters free you can use neutral shells like this keeping bathroom and kitchen counters clean makes cleaning much faster and you're most likely to do it on daily basis tip number 14 have a laundry routine you need to create a schedule that works specifically for you and your needs so that you stay on top of your clothes and laundry never has a chance to pile up whatever suits you every other day or once a week or every day have a laundry routine start washing machine in the morning dry clothes in the afternoon and put away in the evening few hacks that helped me in my laundry routine i use hangers for clothes that can go straight to the wardrobe post drying fold clothes straight off the rack and do not tuck them away in a laundry basket to be attended to later on as later never comes and clothes keep moving from one room to the another tip number 15 done is better than perfect you don't have to steam mop your flow every night when a quick vacuum and spot clean will do the job to make the bed in the morning time yourself to one minute to make your bed putting off cleaning and tidying your home because you think you don't have time to do it perfectly leave you living in constant chaos so follow the mantra done is better than perfect so don't aim for perfection rather aim to tick off the item of your to-do list as it is way more satisfying than to have it perfectly clean i have a daily five-minute bathroom cleaning routine where i quickly take out the towels flow mats etc from the bathroom next i spray and wipe the toilet with the toilet paper and flush it i clean the sink after i brush my teeth in the morning so it's already clean and i spray vinegar solution and squeegee post shower i also clean floors just by pouring some water and squeezing and wiping it with a rag cloth so having a quick routine and also breaking down tasks help me stay on top of my bathroom routine tip number 16 get kids involved my kids are toddlers at this stage but still they help me empty the dishwasher when i fold laundry they put it away in their wardrobe they put away their toys in their room it's amazing how much load is taken off your shoulders when everyone shares in the housekeeping requirements tip number 17 contain food eaten by children to the kitchen and dining room only this is one of our house rules no eating in drawing room or sofa or bedrooms rather only on the kitchen island and dining table if mess is limited to certain areas then you do not have to clean up food crumbs from everywhere else in the house which becomes out of control once kids grow up as they don't listen so there were my top 17 tips and simple habits to have a clean and tidy home i promise if you implement these in your day-to-day life then you will be on way to a zen state of mind and not living in clutter and stressing your mind my life is clean tidy and under control and so could be yours i hope you enjoyed this video and found these tips helpful and useful if you are new here please make sure to hit on subscribe button and hit on bell notification and i shall see you in the next one bye for now

- 10 TIPS FOR AN ORGANISED HOME | HABITS FOR KEEPING A CLEAN HOUSE: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Hi, everyone. Welcome back to my channel and to&nbsp; a video all about my top tips on how to have an&nbsp;&nbsp; organized home. I've made quite a few videos&nbsp; like this in the past, but more to do with how&nbsp;&nbsp; to be an organized mum. But today, I wanted&nbsp; to focus on the tips and things that we do&nbsp;&nbsp; that make me feel organized at home. Because I've&nbsp; said it before that I'm not the most naturally&nbsp;&nbsp; organized person. It's something that I do have to&nbsp; work at, but having habits is key because I feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like once something becomes habit, it feels more&nbsp; effortless and you kind of do it on autopilot.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, in this video, I'm going to show you some&nbsp; systems and some routines that I do at home that&nbsp;&nbsp; make me feel that bit more organized. Because&nbsp; there's nothing worse than taking the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; having a massive de-clutter and getting organized&nbsp; at home, only to go back to your old ways.&nbsp; I hope you really like this video. If you do&nbsp; give it a big thumbs up, and if you're new to&nbsp;&nbsp; this channel, I would love you to subscribe for&nbsp; more content like this. And with all that said,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's get into the tips. So, my first step sounds&nbsp; very obvious, but it's such an important one,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it is to make lists and write everything down&nbsp; because you cannot remember everything. Well,&nbsp;&nbsp; I definitely cannot be trusted with all the&nbsp; information that I need to remember for my family.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, write it all down in a way that suits you.&nbsp; Personally, I like to write down home projects&nbsp;&nbsp; and cleaning projects on a physical pad of paper&nbsp; because there's something so satisfying about&nbsp;&nbsp; ticking them off. But then, when it comes to&nbsp; anything to do with work, or presents I need&nbsp;&nbsp; to get, or things I need to buy from the shops, I&nbsp; really like to keep it all on an app on my phone.&nbsp; There's an app that's free called Google Keep.&nbsp; And there's also one called Evernote. And they're&nbsp;&nbsp; just great. You can just add different lists&nbsp; and have it all organized there. But then say,&nbsp;&nbsp; for my husband, [Matt 00:01:44], he actually keeps&nbsp; a long list in the notes on his phone. He does it&nbsp;&nbsp; by day, and then, anything he doesn't get done&nbsp; one day, he'll just move it on to the next day,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it works really well for him. And my next&nbsp; tip is you use any dead time that you have. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; you may have noticed in my morning routine, when&nbsp; I come downstairs, and I'm waiting for the kettle&nbsp;&nbsp; to boil, that is when I will empty the dishwasher.&nbsp; And same with when I'm cooking. I try to have no&nbsp;&nbsp; dead time at all. So, if something's in a frying&nbsp; pan or if something's in the oven, I will use that&nbsp;&nbsp; time to put dishes away and wipe down services. And even now, the boys are older. If they're ever&nbsp;&nbsp; happily playing in the bath, I'll use that time&nbsp; to quickly wipe down the bathroom and also wipe&nbsp;&nbsp; down the bathroom floor. Especially if they splash&nbsp; water out of the bath, I'm like, I'm going to use&nbsp;&nbsp; this opportunity to actually clean the floor.&nbsp; And it just saves me time in the long run. Every&nbsp;&nbsp; single book I've ever read about organization&nbsp; at like Marie Kondo or the Home Edit says that&nbsp;&nbsp; everything needs to have a home or it's going to&nbsp; live where you don't want it to be like on your&nbsp;&nbsp; surfaces, or on your floor, or on the chair. Do&nbsp; a [inaudible 00:02:49] of your house. Literally,&nbsp;&nbsp; walk through it, look at the areas that just are&nbsp; not working in terms of storage and organization,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then, get the storage to fix it. You can&nbsp; get some amazing storage nowadays. There's&nbsp;&nbsp; even a website called A Place For Everything. So, I wanted to show you a few areas in our home&nbsp;&nbsp; where I've recently got better storage solutions.&nbsp; As you walk into our house, we used to have two&nbsp;&nbsp; small baskets for shoes. And it just was not&nbsp; enough for our family of five. So, recently,&nbsp;&nbsp; I ordered these much larger baskets that still fit&nbsp; under our side unit from [inaudible 00:03:23]. And&nbsp;&nbsp; they just fit all of the family's shoes. You can&nbsp; also find things much easier, and I'm finding that&nbsp;&nbsp; the kids are actually using them more. We also had&nbsp; a problem with our water bottles, and I found this&nbsp;&nbsp; specific water bottle storage on Amazon. I also&nbsp; love drawer dividers in our junk drawer and our&nbsp;&nbsp; kids' clothing drawers as well. I just feel like&nbsp; they make things look so much more organized.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I also love a lazy Susan. I use this for&nbsp; my skincare. I also use these in our kitchen&nbsp;&nbsp; cupboards. It's a great way to be able to see&nbsp; everything you have at the back of the cupboard.&nbsp; And I also love our pantry storage. I've shown&nbsp; these before, but I just feel like everything,&nbsp;&nbsp; in terms of baking and pantry ingredients, is&nbsp; all very organized on the shelf. And it's just&nbsp;&nbsp; so quick and easy to find things. My next tip&nbsp; is to have a dumping station when you walk into&nbsp;&nbsp; the house, but then, also don't create dumping&nbsp; stations anywhere else. So, what I mean by that&nbsp;&nbsp; is when you walk in the front door, you do need&nbsp; to have an area where you and the kids can drop&nbsp;&nbsp; your handbag, your shoes, your hats, your coats,&nbsp; and everything. So, really think about that area&nbsp;&nbsp; when you walk in the house that you can really&nbsp; utilize things like under the stairs for storage,&nbsp;&nbsp; for coats, and you can have a basket for hats,&nbsp; and a basket for gloves, and the shoes, as I say.&nbsp; That is really important because&nbsp; otherwise, as soon as you walk in the door,&nbsp;&nbsp; things are going to just be chucked onto couches,&nbsp; and stairs, and where you don't want them.&nbsp;&nbsp; But then also, in this tip, I wanted to say to&nbsp; avoid dumping stations anywhere else in the house.&nbsp;&nbsp; Any flat surface, or counter space, or desk space&nbsp; just attracts stuff. Doesn't it? People just want&nbsp;&nbsp; to dump stuff onto it. So, what I do to stop&nbsp; people from doing that is to put something like&nbsp;&nbsp; a flower arrangement or an ornament. And it just&nbsp; puts people off that bit more. If there's a nice&nbsp;&nbsp; flower arrangement in the middle, it makes it&nbsp; more difficult for people to dump stuff on it.&nbsp; And my next tip is to make your bed. And I&nbsp; know that sounds really obvious, but in the&nbsp;&nbsp; way that clear counter space can make your whole&nbsp; kitchen look so clean, a made bed can instantly&nbsp;&nbsp; transform your bedroom. And there's actually a&nbsp; book called Make Your Bed. It's by a Navy Seal,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I've read it, and it's so interesting. It's&nbsp; about how the simple discipline of waking up and&nbsp;&nbsp; making your bed can actually set you up for a&nbsp; good day, and it can be really powerful. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a great habit to get into. And it also makes&nbsp; everything look nice and tidy. And it's something&nbsp;&nbsp; that I also make my kids do without fail. I feel&nbsp; like it's just such a good habit to get into.&nbsp; And my next step, I know I've talked about it&nbsp; before, but it honestly makes our household feel&nbsp;&nbsp; so much more organized when we meal plan.&nbsp; If you've never tried meal planning before,&nbsp;&nbsp; I promise if you try it for a week, you will&nbsp; save time, money and calories as well. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just so nice knowing what you're doing for&nbsp; dinner and having everything in. So, on a Sunday,&nbsp;&nbsp; we sit down, we talk about what we're going to&nbsp; have for the next week. We order our online shop,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it comes on Monday, and we're ready to go. We've also done this service where we paid&nbsp;&nbsp; 60 pounds to have unlimited delivery all&nbsp; year. You can have as many as you want. We&nbsp;&nbsp; still tend to just get one delivery a week. And I&nbsp; really like getting that early morning slot. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I think we do 7:30 to 9:30, the food arrives.&nbsp; We put it away. We do it all on an app. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's great if Matt or I notice that something&nbsp; is running out, we can just quickly go on&nbsp;&nbsp; and add it to the app. And because we online shop,&nbsp; it also remembers what we have as regulars. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very easy to add things in, and I just feel&nbsp; like we rarely run out of anything and just feel&nbsp;&nbsp; super organized. So, I know I've said it before.&nbsp; Meal plan and online shop, such a game changer.&nbsp; And my next step is to declutter and to&nbsp; be constantly editing your belongings. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; as much as a big declutter is really&nbsp; helpful, and I definitely do that,&nbsp;&nbsp; also really think about the things that come&nbsp; into your home, and if you want to keep them,&nbsp;&nbsp; and if you want to have to find a place for them.&nbsp; I shared on my Instagram that I'm actually quite&nbsp;&nbsp; brutal when it comes to the boys' artwork. They&nbsp; love coloring, but if it's literally just like a&nbsp;&nbsp; squiggle on the page, I will actually recycle&nbsp; it. If it's good, I'll take a picture of it,&nbsp;&nbsp; and then, maybe recycle it. And it's only the&nbsp; really, really good stuff that makes it into&nbsp;&nbsp; their memory box. I just can't imagine that&nbsp; the boys, when they leave home in their 20s,&nbsp;&nbsp; are they going to want me to give them this huge&nbsp; pile of artwork that they did when they were&nbsp;&nbsp; four or five? I just don't think that they will. Something else that makes me feel super organized&nbsp;&nbsp; is to have a refresh every single night.&nbsp; And what I mean by that is to just spend 10,&nbsp;&nbsp; 20 minutes tidying and cleaning up before you&nbsp; sit down. I've said before on this channel, don't&nbsp;&nbsp; sit down until you've done everything that you&nbsp; want to do. Because as soon as I sit on the couch,&nbsp;&nbsp; I am not getting up for anything. So, I just want&nbsp; to wipe down the surfaces, tidy up, get everything&nbsp;&nbsp; ready for the next day. And you can get the kids&nbsp; to help you with this as well. It's just so nice&nbsp;&nbsp; to come down in the morning to a pretty clean and&nbsp; tidy home. I feel like it sets me up for a good&nbsp;&nbsp; day, and it doesn't take that long. Sometimes&nbsp; when I'm doing it, I'll just put my ear pods&nbsp;&nbsp; in and listen to something. Or Matt and I also&nbsp; sometimes do it together and catch up on our days.&nbsp; And my next tip leads on nicely from the last&nbsp; one. And it is to have a good morning and evening&nbsp;&nbsp; cleaning routine. And I don't mean that you have&nbsp; to do loads of cleaning in the morning and in the&nbsp;&nbsp; evening, but I just like to have certain tasks&nbsp; that I do at each time. Say, in the evening,&nbsp;&nbsp; I always put the dishwasher on last thing. And&nbsp; then, first thing, when I wake up in the morning,&nbsp;&nbsp; that is when I put it away. And also, in the&nbsp; morning, I'll always put on a load of laundry,&nbsp;&nbsp; then tumble dry in the day, and then, put&nbsp; it away in the evening. And by making it&nbsp;&nbsp; part of your routine, as I said, it becomes&nbsp; a habit, and it doesn't feel so heavy. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll link our morning cleaning routine and evening&nbsp; cleaning routine in the description because I have&nbsp;&nbsp; actually made those videos. But it's nice to have&nbsp; those kinds of systems and routines in place.&nbsp; And my last tip I wanted to share with you is&nbsp; just something that really works for me. And&nbsp;&nbsp; it is to have a command center in the home.&nbsp; Ours is actually on the side of our fridge.&nbsp;&nbsp; I have a diary for all of the kids' stuff. That's&nbsp; also where I put our meal plan, and then, also,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's space for lists as well. And then, if&nbsp; we ever get any party invitations or things to&nbsp;&nbsp; remember for the school, I'll add it there as&nbsp; well. It's kind of like the hub of the home,&nbsp;&nbsp; where I go and I'm like, "What's going on&nbsp; today? What's for dinner? Who's got what club?&nbsp;&nbsp; Where is everyone going? Have we got any&nbsp; appointments?" But those are all the tips that&nbsp;&nbsp; I wanted to share with you guys. I hope you really&nbsp; enjoyed it. Please leave any tips that you have in&nbsp;&nbsp; the comments down below on how you keep a super&nbsp; organized home because I would love to hear them.&nbsp;&nbsp; And yeah, I hope you guys are all doing well,&nbsp; and I'll see you in my next one. Bye, guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @em.gaceri [3 likes]: Having a home for everything and the blocking open spaces with flowers have been amazing tips to keep our house organized for a while now. Thanks Emily
  2. @73cidalia [1 likes]: Tip number one: Don't buy a small, old, un-renovated home. It never looks as clean as I'd like. Too many crevices, old paint layers, damage, etc. They collect dust and dirt and are difficult to get clean. I can't wait until my home is renovated. So much easier to clean newer, smoother surfaces.
  3. @chrisdooney5374: where is the lovely silver vase and beautiful flowers on the hall table from please?
  4. @Omuffin: Instead of a huge pile of their artwork, you should make a binder with clear page slips, and slip their art workj in the pages...like a childhood drawings book. saves space cus it's just a binder for them and they might love it and want it later on in life
  5. @hollycook43: Love these videos❤
  6. @lynnescaddan8919: Did u know that if you put bay leaves  in your  food  containers  there meant
To keep the stuff for longer & keep bugs away.
  7. @catherinedurbin9298: I loved your older videos but this just popped up and I desperately needed it. We just moved from the east coast United States to a US base in Italy — what a change! I mostly miss my online shopping because I used to
Do the same thing with meal planning. What a game changer it was. This has inspired me to do it again!!
  8. @areejkhalifeh304: Great tips
  9. @LindseyShermanE: I want to make my bed when I get up but my husband is still in it 😂
  10. @joyabbott5844: Hi Emily, could you tell me where you brought your medicine storage container from, please?
  11. @annemeridien3384: Emily is so pretty and natural. Easy for the eyes!
  12. @tinkujenatj5901: Happiness beautiful hometoosisterfamilyhappytoosirji
  13. @mskrislewis: "No dead time" as I watch youtube!
  14. @tubeva1977: Subtitlles on these videos are just too high. Sometimes we cant see whats going one in video.
  15. @danavilensky9959: I love your vids so much!! They inspire me to get my ass up & do whatever needs to be done :)
  16. @cissynalwanga9038: Hullo am happy to have watched this video, I have learnt a lot.
  17. @ginatheng9506: Thank you for motivating me.❤️
  18. @Iworkwithnitwits: I loved eating Walkers when I was in England and Mars bars and all the other junk food you Brits have.
  19. @il6251: Amazing. Thank you for your tips, I love them. Ya, to have a system is important and necessary... I see that. We also have 3 kids and with the 3rd kid at latest there is no chance without system 😅
  20. @rinainlondon8: Thank u so much

- Why You May Not Need A Maid || House Management Hacks || 8 Tips: Kind: captions Language: en running a home without a maid isn't about doing it all it's about doing what matters if I tell you that I have run my home over 5 years now without a maid I can confidently tell you that it is very possible you can have a clean house have your kitchen cleaned up have your house clean yeah even when you have children and be able to make fresh meals for your family all this is possible if you have proper planning I'm going to be sharing with you the tips that have helped me over the years without having a maid at my home yeah so basically this is going to be about Simplicity minimal clutter less of perfectionism especially if you have children like me and a lot more tips that I would like us to dig into with you all join me and let's go into our video hi friends and welcome back to our YouTube channel my name is karuni Josephine and we are so glad to have you here so in today's video we are going to be sharing about a question that came from some of you that how do I manage it without a maid how do I run a home when I have children but without a maid before we go into that I will be sharing why I actually don't have a ma yeah yeah so first of all it's not a financial problem and it's it's not that I don't want help yeah yeah I really do need the help but there are some strict rules that you know values that we put up me and my husband to make sure that we raise and have a a happy home like how we desire to have it so I grew up in a home where my mom was a very busy woman so she used to leave us with Maids at home like she would wake up very early in the morning get ready and go you know come back in the evening when she is tired so I decided I wanted to redefine my life or how I really want to run my family than the way my mom actually did and also the traumas that I went through while I was a child with the maids actually made me to also rethink on whether I would really love to leave my children with Maids or not because most of the times the people that we get into our homes the maids like most of these people yes their goal is to make money but some of them have evil intentions and you cannot check a person's heart weather well I'm sharing this because that's my story it it may not be the same thing to you yeah but most of these people have evil intentions and you cannot read that on their faces the traumas that I went through while I was a child with these Maids the things that I saw well my mom did not know that these things were taking place she only got to know when these people you know left and we were actually big people that is when we were able to share all these stories and the things they used to do to us while we were babies so all these things I may not break them down like all the things that these Maids used to do to to us while we were children but all these things actually traumatized me and I'm still healing I'm still healing from some of them so I decided to redefine motherhood in my own way and how I would really want to run a family as me yeah so that is why I said you know what I have to create all means to make sure that I raise my children the way I want them to but also maximizing because there are a lot of things you know a lot of things that you'll have to put on hold if you are deciding to actually do this all by yourself because as a mother you really need help yeah so we are a family of five we have three beautiful children we have two boys and one girl and then me and my husband so the very first tip that has actually helped me to manage my home without a maid is meal planning because eating is very very important in this home so as I've shared some of the videos on this channel how I do U my meal planning of a week how I cook meal planning is very important because there is a time you reach and you feel stuck your kids need to eat you know things like that so meal planning is that number one thing that you need to look at if you can batch cook for a week please do it will be very very helpful in making sure that your children or your husband gets meals in time right also um when it comes to doing shopping grocery shopping I uh We've shared a video of how we actually do our grocery shopping we do monthly grocery shopping so this is one of the tips that actually helped me that if I'm looking for salt it will be there if I'm looking for sugar it will be there like I won't have to fast run go to the shop or do like make sure that all the things that you need at home are actually there and those things will be enough to take you for that particular time that you have planned so meal planning involves a lot of things it involves your grocery shopping it involves planning the kind of meals that you actually want to be cooking for your family it involves whether you would like to batch cook or to have fresh meals and how are you going to be doing all this so you have to pay attention to meal planning if you are planning on living without a maid another thing that has actually helped me is to have or to create a cleaning schedule you need to have peace especially when you have children you have to create that peace that sometimes the house may not be as clean as you really desire it to so create that in your mind that it's okay these are children and especially if they are little children they are going to grow up it's not going to be for forever so that is a season that you just have to accept you know that change accept it that your house may not be clean all the time but it doesn't mean that you should have a dirty house right so create a cleaning schedule by dividing tasks into you know daily weekly or monthly so this is how I do it I have a daily I have daily tasks these ones that I do every single day like making my bed or making our baby beds that one we do it every day washing dishes yeah that one should be done every day you can't do it Weekly right and you know wiping down your kitchen counters cleaning up your kitchen it should be daily because you cook every single day or even if you bat cook when you're washing utensils you should make sure that your your kitchen is clean so that is one of the daily tasks and also I do have weekly tasks so when you are creating a cleaning schedule break down your tasks that I'm having a cleaning schedule the tasks that I will be doing daily you make sure that these are the tasks the tasks that are unavoidable avable to do every single day like bathing making your beds you know like washing dishes those tasks should be daily yeah and then you should also have weekly tasks like mooping the house making sure that your house is clean I do me myself I do that Weekly I don't you know mop the house or make sure everything is organized like every single day because that will be really stressful for you especially if you are uh if if you have other tasks apart from just running a home I'm going to be sharing more about that so here like mooping your house or even doing laundry so this is what I do when it comes to doing laundry I have a lady that usually comes to help me with doing my laundry so she comes and does our laundry mine for the kids and then for my husband every single week so I don't have to stress over that one okay so this is part of my weekly tasks I make sure that if when the lady is done with the washing I wait for the clothes to dry up fold everything together and make sure that the clothes are back to where they're actually supposed to be so I do the folding I do the ioning if needed to cuz I don't do really ioning every single day so those are some of my weekly tasks and we usually do that on a Saturday yeah that is when the lady comes to wash like I organiz all things to do with laundry and then we start the week AR fresh yeah also you need to have monthly tasks yeah I'm talking about having a cleaning schedule so that is our tip number two having um having monthly tasks like the shopping the shopping that we do our monthly shopping that is one of the major tasks that we do monthly also the deep cleaning like the deep cleaning of your toilets the deep cleaning of your bathroom like everything to do with making sure that the house is well managed so I usually do that monthly the shopping uh the deep cleaning of the house or the bathrooms or the toilets like that one we do it like one day in a month another one is to assign tasks to the family we are adults and the others are actually little me and my husband are the ones like are the ones who are adults the others are still young so I can't really assign a tasks to them assign tasks to them but I am training them actually so I'm training my my oldest son he's actually six years I'm training him how to do dishes after eating I'm training him how to like clean his own dishes I'm training him how to bathe himself right now he can actually bathe himself and then dress himself so well so even if I'm not around or if I'm busy with this other with his siblings he can actually take care of himself on that so assigning tasks is one way of actually helping you especially husbands also if you have your husband don't fear to tell him that I need help you know I need help with a baby I need help in the kitchen so do not fear to ask for help from your husband if he's around to actually give you a hand so yeah we are the only adults so I usually ask him to help me sometimes with the cleaning some times with the babies with bathing my our babies sometimes you know help in the kitchen so wherever you need help do not fear to assign help you know to assign tasks to either your husband so that he can actually help you out so so that you won't stress because motherhood is a lot organize your storage spaces I usually make sure that all this is well organized so that when it comes to storing things I don't have to look for where is salt where is Sugar where is this kind of spice and all that so as you're organizing your storage space making sure especially in the kitchen label these things label that this is salt this is sugar actually these things help you especially if you are rushing and you're cooking this thing has really helped me to also not stress so much so especially on a Saturday when we are done with doing laundry I make sure that I fold my baby's clothes well and put them back in a wardrobe where they're supposed to be really I want to see an organized wardrobe I want to see an organized kitchen so that it can be you know organized and help your workflow to actually be easy and not complicated if you are a mom you realize that tools are very very important in making our work easy right so if you have things like a blender I'm giving an example it can help you make juice quickly the merss like make sure you buy tools that are going to make your work easy so here in Uganda some homes don't actually use gas so if you have gas that means your work can actually be a little bit easier I've talked about my laundry routine it's one of the things that makes my work easy we usually do that every week on a Saturday yeah and I have someone who does the laundry and then after she goes make sure that you Di home it can be weekly or actually monthly make sure that you deat your children's clothes your children's toys so that you don't have a lot of things at home piling up a deed home is an organized home and that means your mind is going to be working very well because you don't have all the toys you know thrown over if the children are no longer playing with those kind of toys you know give them away for charity the clothes especially clothes that no longer fit your children or even fit you don't keep them in in in your wardrobe or even in your bedroom to congest the whole place there is a way someone feels stressed if the place they are working in is actually congested so make sure that you declutter your home as much as possible so you can also create a routine for this it can be monthly or weekly I usually de my home once in a month yeah so that is one of my monthly tasks if you want me guys to share with you um a timetable of how I do everything yeah let me know in the comment section I'll be sharing with you I also have some self-care time as me so you have to make sure that you are pouring from a full cup not an empty cup so as a mom you have to also create time for yourself so that you can rejuvenate and most of the times I do this when HBY is around so when uh the times is not working he remains with the children and then I go have time for myself if that means you know getting a good skin care if that means me going to the saloon just to you know free my mind from be like mothering all the time yeah that is one of the tasks that is actually helping me to run a home without a maid but still not go insane another thing is that we are um if you're a mom you also have passions and things that you want to achieve so you can run a business yeah it's very possible you can have a business and run a home at the same time without a maid it's very very possible especially if you have proper planning like the tips I have shared with you also another thing that helps me is prayer because you cannot do this mothering thing with just by yourself most of the times we are more productive when the kids have gone to school so we utilize that time so so well whenever our children are are going to school especially two the two boys yeah we have three babies it's only the two boys that go to school the other one is a baby is just 8 months so that one will remain with her at home but when the others have gone to school we make sure that we do all the important tasks you know quickly before they are back from school so that we be productive another thing I think this is the last one is to actually prioritize your tasks yeah look at what is the most important task what is the important one what is the less important one so prioritizing your tasks is very very important there are times where a certain tasks will have a certain task will have to come before the other because of you know what is taking place so prioritize make a priority list for your day tasks as a person you should have you know a priority list every single day or the things that you want to achieve which one comes before the other so those are some of the tips that actually help me to run our home without a maid and I'm not saying this because I hate help no and motherhood shouldn't be stressing if you feel like you can't manage or these tips can't work for you please ask for help you know I help can come you know but that is our personal choice as a couple we really don't want to have any other external person in our home as we are raising our children we want to be the ones you know having to raise our children you know hands on however much it is stressful but I know that God has given us the grace to do it you know and raising children what my mother told me after you know sharing all the stories about maids and all that she told me like you know what if you are not ready to sacrifice for your children then don't have them because there are a lot of things going to have to put on hold a lot of pressure comes for for for a woman to be you know at the top of her career making sure like to balance all that life but let me tell you sometimes you'll have to let go of that pressure and make sure that you live according to your own terms according to your own values and according to the things that you want to actually achieve as a family so those are the tips that usually uh work for me and are still working for me because I'm not yet done with this thing yeah so if you have anything to ask if you have any question leave it in the comment section I'll be answering it yeah so from me to you is a bye-bye thank you for watching and see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Anonymous-w1r8c [9 likes]: I have never had a maid, over 5 years since I got married and had my kids. I use machines to replace maids. What has helped me is: 
1. Weekly grocery delivery - I haven't gone to the market or store in over 2 years. 
2. Like you said, batch cooking three meals each week 
3. I use a robot vacuum and mop so my floors look mopped everyday 
4. I have a washing machine and a dryer. We wash our clothes by color on Friday. I fold clothes as we watch tv. 
5. We have a dishwasher - we load dishes as we use them, I run it before bathing at night and after bathing I unload the dishes. 
6. I wipe kitchen counters and sink before evening bath (this takes less than 10 mins) 
7. I clean the bathroom every evening as I bath (I have timed myself before and this takes 9 mins)
8. I have an instant pot and crockpot I had brought from Europe. I dump my ingredients in it and by the time we are ready to eat, everything is ready (I use it only for stews and soups). 
I love how you said time with God. Time with God puts everything in perspective.
  2. @Thenjiwe1990 [3 likes]: It works when you have a supportive husband who helps you when you need help otherwise it's so draining to do everything on your own.
  3. @NamukoyaEve [2 likes]: I had already given up on nannies after a lot of disappointments from so many of them. But as i was ready to take care of my home by myself, a woman from my village called me and said she wanted to give me her daughter to work for me (for free) as a nanny and i accepted after thinking about it for like a month. I brought the girl and realized she was extraordinarily good to my children. I decided to enroll her for tailoring studies which she is soon completing and i wish to start her a tailoring business when she is done with her studies. She is so good and we all leave as a family. My children now know she is their elder sister. Surprisingly she doesn't want to go back to their home anymore though i always force her to go see her mother and siblings.
  4. @SS-xv7xf [2 likes]: Who the heck has a maid?
  5. @annettenajjemba1229 [1 likes]: looking good dear🥰
  6. @fauzianalwoga [1 likes]: My mom (rip) raised us without a maid. Sometimes it's better
  7. @joycesewe1356 [1 likes]: Your skin care routine please, coz your skin is like a glass
  8. @preciousmutegevu1036 [1 likes]: Also even after executing all these tips remember to give yourself grace.. when some days are not looking as perfect as others.
  9. @fairytale4204 [1 likes]: Thank you so greatly said❤
  10. @ManokoKataka [1 likes]: Your Tips are so fruitful, l also had a bad Experience with Nannies, they are so Cruel my dear. You are doing a great job for your family ❤❤
  11. @christinnakimera [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing
  12. @charlottecumbridge7163 [1 likes]: You have such a beautiful way of speaking.
  13. @EngoElizabeth-ic3ri: How do I cope as a 57 years older woman with a full time job and grown but non helpful offsprings?
  14. @emilydausas9763: I am a single parent for two teenagers 15 and 12 years I feel like they are worse than little once. They stress me more even as a working mom I help them with house chores they hardly bath,pick up their belongings does not do dishes
  15. @emilydausas9763: Thank you and I need the timetable of how you do things done😅
  16. @JeninahAmutuhaire-cf4nx: Where do leave your toddlers when going out to work on daily basis
  17. @Nelli-e5c: What about id you're working and have small babies under 5
  18. @essywaweru3778: I am a working mum will kids below 11yrs with no nanny. It's so overwhelming but you get to organize yourself and have a daily plan on what you are going to do every day.
  19. @lovepower9908: Very very HELPFUL ❤❤thank you😂
  20. @othienoshalom2831: Me I need r time table it’s six months now without r maid and I just can’t believe it  . But sometimes I need someone to stay with my kids when I go to town or when ihave r gig

- 10 TIPS FOR A CLEAN HOME (With Kids + Pets!) \\ Simple Habits for Keeping a Tidy House!: Kind: captions Language: en you might think that the most challenging part of having eight children um and a million pets basically is just you know the general care of said people and animals but I'm here to tell you that the most challenging part of children and pets is to keep your home from smelling like you have children and pets and a lot of them now if you're one of those people who doesn't mind the smell of dirty feet and pets stink you know just kind of the General stank that comes with pets then this video is not for you okay but if you're one of the people like me who has a very sensitive nose when I was pregnant with my first child I could smell someone smoking a block and a half away okay through an open window in my house a block and a half away I could smell someone smoking so I have a very sensitive nose and therefore kids stank and dog stank it really just gets to me and while I'm not super type A about my house being perfectly clean all the time or anything like that if you've ever been to my house you know that that's true however I do like for things to be tidy I do not expect Perfection so these 10 tips I'm going to share with you guys today are coming kind of from that place of wanting to do the best I can to keep my home from smelling and looking like there's a million kids and animals that live here but in a way that's actually achievable and makes us enjoy our life and not feel like we live in a museum okay I'm not trying to like have everybody just be walking around like zombies all the time and wearing white gloves it's not that okay but there's a middle ground and I would like to be there in the Middle Ground between hoarders and Museum that's where we want to live that's The Sweet Spot that's what she said tip number one grooming your animals now before you go and say Angie I can't afford to take my dogs and cats and everything else to the groomer I hear you I hear you and I'm going to tell you that I and Amazon have solved the problem for you and that is this amazing aming dog grooming tool I found this on Amazon purchased it and thought we'll just see is this a kitchy thing is this actually going to work is this actually going to do anything and let me tell you first of all I have my teenagers where they are using the Clippers and all of that to actually groom our dogs so we haven't even been paying to take our dogs to the professional groomers we've been doing it at home um but one of the best parts of this tool that to me is just amazing is it's basically like a dog hair vacuum or cat hair vacuum cleaner you take this tool and you vacuum your pet and it just removes that loose hair that's uh just waiting to fall off and land on your floor somewhere and then turn into a big pile in our case of white fur that looks like we've added like an additional rabbit in the corner just living over there in its small little white furry fluffy pile if you have pets that shed you are really going to like this dog grooming tool I highly highly recommend tip number two is this is a weird one but again just hear me out is I put essential oils on my toilet brush brushes I feel like toilet brushes are one of those things that God bless them it's a great invention I just am always on the hunt for a better way because they disgust me to no end especially if a child uses it and then puts it away and they didn't like they used it for something you weren't I'm not going to get into details if you know you know so what I like to do is I like to just just put a couple drops of essential oils in the bottom of the canister that holds the toilet brush itself that to me at least helps if there's any leftover um fecal or urine smell uh hopefully there's no actual fecal matter but if there's any urine or fecal smell still existing on the brush it just keeps it from like smell and stank over there okay it's an easy tip it's a quick tip it's a pretty cheap tip um number three kind of goes in line with that that is that I like to take cotton balls I saw this on I think it was on Pinterest I take cotton balls and I put essential oils on them and I just leave them in the bottom of my trash cans we put the garbage bag over the top so this sits on the actual can and then you put your garbage bag over top and it just kind of helps to cover if there are you know I don't know if there's like a poopy diaper in the garbage you know just some old food or whatever that might be stinking up the garbage a little bit who knows okay you guys look let's just just be honest there's a whole number of things that children do that they throw away that having children and pets will cause you to have to clean up and then throw away that can smell up your garbage can I don't think I need to list them all here it's really kind of a neat little trick to help just help with the smell of garbage in general especially if your garbage is in a very central location I mean we have garbage cans everywhere all over our house but uh the the four that are in our kitchen we have like cabinets that pull out and it has four garbage cans and those are right next to the sink it's right where you're doing things so if there there's anything stinky in there it smells up the whole kitchen okay tip number four is to tidy counters and like countertops and rooms as you're going throughout your day everyone kind of has a different philosophy on this I've read a bunch of of you know self-help books or like Mom help books that have different philosophies about how you should handle this but I've just found that um if I see something out of place I just attempt to tidy it up fix it up as I go you know I do have ADD brain and so I can get very easily distracted so if it's a large project that needs to be put away cleaned up something I might not stop to do it but the goal is to just kind of keep your house tidy as you go throughout the day I also feel like if you're doing that and you're reminding your kids to do that it does feel like you're tidying all the time or you're reminding your kids to tidy all the time but it does eventually kind of become habitual for you and hopefully then for your children to tidy as they go tidy up after themselves it for us with as many people as we have again these tips are really for like people who have a lot of kids um and so you've got a lot of people that are making messes if you just let EV like all 10 people's messes pile up all day and you're going to clean it up in the evening like a one time clean in the evening you're going to be living in mess all day long and I don't like that it stresses me out so I like to tidy and clean up rooms as I go I find that at the very least it makes my house feel more picked up cleaner uh for 80% of the time right and that takes me to tip number five and this tip comes from a book that I recently read well I guess not so recently a number of months ago it is basically to put things away and you're thinking well duh of course no but like when you pick something up take it to where it goes now don't move things around your house don't make piles of things everywhere if you pick up something for example this hair col if I found this like in the dining room or whatever I'm not going to take it from the dining room and move it the kitchen counter to wait for me to go to my bedroom to put it away I'm going to take it directly to its spot directly to the bathroom open the cabinet put it in the little slot that I have for hair tools or whatever she goes into a lot more detail in her book about this but it's the idea that a lot of times when we start working on projects we kind of start pulling things out and making piles of things and then sometimes those piles sit for a really long time her advice is to take things to where they go right now it does mean you're walking a lot but most most of us could use the exercise I know that uh I could always use the exercise so making those extra steps to take things where they go at that moment I find to be a really helpful way to keep my house tidy and picked up um and I found it to be a very a useful tip from her it's hard sometimes to remember I'm not perfect at all of these tips let me just say that I should have said that in the beginning I don't do all these things perfectly all the time but when I do kind of get them all all these wheels turning at the same time and following all these tips that that's when my house is the cleanest tidiest and best smelling okay number six and that is having a donation bin now she recommends that you have like a box or whatever you're going to put your donation stuff in that it be something that you can donate as well well the place that we donate doesn't allow us to just put everything in a bin and give it to them we have to actually separate it when we get there so for me I have a bin that I got from Target a cute little bin um that I put my little label on that says donation so when I have clothes or when my girls my older girls have clothes or the little kids grow out of shoes or something like that or even as I am tidying organizing and going through decluttering projects or whatnot especially if it's like a smaller project if it's a bigger project I'm going to need like a whole separate bin but if it's a smaller project so I can just keep stuff in that donation bin and when it gets full I take it out to my car and then the next time I'm out running errands I can just stop by and I do have to like sort things into the bins that they go into I take my donation bin bag home and and we're done um really her whole point about it is she doesn't want you thinking about it more than once so once you decide to donate it you put it in the box and you don't ever look at it again if I'm feeling especially tender about the things that I'm putting into the donation bin I will give my husband the task of taking that donation bin for me that way I am not tempted as I'm sorting it into bins at the donation place to take anything back or be like oh I didn't mean to put that in there having an available space for you to put donation items that that's all that that is for it's not going to be used for anything else and can be immediately taken to wherever you're donating as soon as it's full I think is very helpful and practical and useful in keeping your home tidy so you don't have piles of stuff everywhere now number seven this is an old tip that I learned from fly Lady fly lady has been around long before people were making like cleaning videos and stuff on YouTube I can't even remember I mean I feel like I've been reading fly lady stuff since my first daughter who's almost 16 um was a baby but one of her tips was to shine your sink and basically you should go to bed every night with an empty clean sink and to me this is arguably one of the best pieces of advice to having your home Feel clean and tidy I can tell you just over the years there's a massive difference in the way that I feel when I wake up and the sink is full of dirty dishes and you know already you're starting like behind you already have a chore like that to do before you've ever you've like even had your coffee or sat down or opened an email or anything there's this like monster of dishes staring at you when you don't want to staying up and making sure that those dishes get loaded into the dishwasher and then kind of the step two of that to make all of that happen easier and smoother and you're less likely to run into a sink full of dishes at 10:00 at night is to be loading the dishwasher as you go throughout the day for me this is about training the people in my family okay all of these things are great if I do them fine fabulous but again with so many other people in my house I have to be training the people in my house to be doing these things too so that it actually works all the time which it never works all the time but we're going for like 80% here and we'll be happy you know number eight is to use yummy laundry detergent and uh like fabric softeners and scented things I just especially when I'm washing like bedding and pillows I shared with you guys recently in a favorites video I think about this beach scent it's not a detergent though you can buy it in detergent form I use my typical laundry detergent but I love to mix in like the beads or this beachy scent to help make everything just smell really delicious I can't even describe this has a very fresh scent it's not overpowering in the sense that it's like good Lord smells like 80 lbs of perfume your house is going to smell like a brothel okay it just smells lovely and fresh and clean and beachy and I love it so whenever I'm washing bedding or like our sofa Fabric or sofa covers brain not working slip covers for the sofas pillows for the sofas all that kind of stuff that's when I will definitely like fill up the fabric softener area to make sure that all of that stuff smells yummy and delicious blankets stuff like that I just really love having our bedding and furniture and everything smell really lovely and fresh I think it helps with like the overall cleanliness scent of the house tip number nine is to have good organization um good organization bins I'm a big big fan of organization bins um I do feel like if you are in the like super minimalist train you can even still benefit from some good organization but for those of us who are maybe more maximalists uh organization BS are everything we will not use the things we own if we can't find them or they're not well organized and we red our pantry this year I loved the stuff that I used in the pantry from the home edit line at Walmart um and then I've also found some really amazing organization bins at on Amazon um especially like what we have organizing our stuff under the sink that project's been done since earlier this year and we're approaching towards the end of the year and I can tell you that all of that organization I did has lasted it has stuck still looks like that under the sink it's great um I will link a few of my favorite organization things I recently got these uh they're like things that slide onto the inside well they stick onto the inside of your cabinet doors for you to put your pot lids in amazing amazing amazing don't discount I feel like sometimes people poo poo organization bins and like just don't have so much stuff and then you don't need on the organization bins well lady this this is my life okay I'm just I've got the stuff that I've got okay let me organize it in peace thank you and finally tip number 10 is if you are like us you break all the rules of pet ownership and you allow your animals on your furniture I really wanted to be the person that refused to allow my animals on the furniture it just didn't happen so now we have giant dogs that jump up and sleep on our sofa I try to have as much like leather or leatherette Furniture that's very wipable that's great but we do have cloth furniture and I found these sort of like sofa they're not slip covers but it's kind of like a blank blanket slip coveres type item that you put over your sofa and it's perfect because it allows us to keep that on there during the day when we're all just hanging out around the house the dogs are jumping up there and sleeping they're not getting their Muddy Paws and their hair and stuff all over the actual furniture and then if we know we've got someone coming over just fold it up and put it away um they're easy to wash and take care of and it's just a great way to keep so much wear and tear and again you don't have to have even if you've got little kids you know that are coming up with sticky fing fingers and they've got you know I don't know Cheeto dust and chocolate on their fingers you probably have more problems if your kids have Cheeto dust and chocolate all over their fingers all the time but you know what I'm saying and to keep that stickiness or milk or whatever in a bottle that they might be rolling around on and then spilling it on the sofa it's a great idea to protect your furniture I started by just purchasing the one and making sure that I liked it and that it worked and I'm going to see if I can find some other colors that kind of coordinate with our other sofa our other f Furniture um so that it Blends in well that's what I really like about is you can find a lot of different colors they're reversible so you get multiple color options to make it blend in with your sofa better but it's a sofa saver when you have kids and pets I think I've pled my case on the sofa protector all right you guys that is it for me today I hope that you enjoyed this video I hope that you found these tips helpful I have done another video like this that I will link down below with I don't remember if that one was like seven or eight but other tips different from these uh that I shared in that video so I will link you to that one if you want to go check that one out and get some more tips I will see you guys again very soon bye [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rudelherz [3 likes]: "Between hoarders and museum" 😂❤  I can remember that. Thank you!
  2. @juliekonigskind6434 [1 likes]: The “picking up and putting away part” is especially important, when coming home with the kids or with groceries. I have everyone take off their shoes, jackets, hats, mittens,… and put them to where they actually belong (prevents piles in the hall) plus I force myself to unpack all the groceries before sitting down or doing everything else. This way, when dinner time rolls around I am not unpleasantly surprised by piles of groceries lingering in the kitchen. 
It does take a LOT of discipline though…so to all the moms out there: have some grace with yourself, when your house is not picked up ALL the time. As Angie said: let’s aim for 80% :) Pareto Principle.
  3. @teeheeChrissy: Try the Clorox toilet bowl wands
And we use scented trash bags  :)
  4. @teeheeChrissy: Try the Clorox toilet bowl wands
  5. @thecardenas-bills117: I'm crying with the toilet brush, IF YOU KNOW YOU KNOW!  😂
  6. @marlenyposnicov6947: Very helpful tips!   I only have 3 boys,  but I feel like there are 10 in the house!  Thank you
  7. @shannonclaire7800: I have 4 children & one pregnant maltipoo Dog and can’t keep anything at all tidy they make it their mission to mess stuff up.
Theses tips are definitely needed. Thank you ❤
  8. @goaway7163: Angela Braniff taken out of context "you vacuum your pet" 😂
  9. @adriana-BC: I just stopped the video and went to the bathroom and put some essential oil on that bathroom brush ✌️ great idea!
  10. @elenap-ot4gh: the best tip for me has been from real mom real solutions channel - PUT THINGS AWAY RIGHT AWAY, and that everything should have its own place. this way you dont create mess and your kids also hopefully will do the same. the way to stop cleaning stuff all the time is to not create piles. PUT THINGS AWAY RIGHT AFTER USE
  11. @sandydasilva1015: What was the book you were talking about? I would like to read it 😊
  12. @joejohnston3: Great vide o - thanks!
  13. @jasonpowers3094: In 2009 I have brain surgery. Since then I have super strong smell. I will say I have pregnancy smell
  14. @sandralauersdorf6268: I try to use the 10/30 rule- take 10 extra steps or 30 extra seconds to put things away!
  15. @shoppinginLondon8: thank you
  16. @LizaDo-a-little: I've come to believe that anyone can clean a house, but it takes effort on the part of every being that crosses the threshold to keep it clean.
  17. @tunasub8097: Please do not use essential oils if you have cats. It is HIGHLY toxic to them and WILL kill them in a matter of minutes.
  18. @toriarmstrong31: For the dogs use wipes or a paper towel with soap and water to wipe paws and privates after they use the bathroom. Keeps your home cleaner and “dingle berries “ off your couch should you allow the dogs on them 💩
  19. @itsacarolbthing5221: I've got a sink full of dishes, and I keep putting it off. My dishwasher failed and I've got those dishes to do too. I must get them done!
The scent beads are so bad for the environment, but they smell so good! I have to stop myself from using them.
  20. @itsacarolbthing5221: I think it's a little unfair that you discussed the tips you use without declaring the original author.

- 20 TIPS FOR A CLEAN HOME | HABITS FOR KEEPING A CLEAN HOUSE: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Hi guys, welcome back to my channel. In today's video, I'm going to be sharing with you 20 tips and habits on how to keep a clean and tidy home. Now, two years ago I made a similar video to this, and it has been viewed well over four million times, so I'm guessing that you guys like this type of content. If you do, give it a big thumbs up, and if you're new to my channel, I would love you to consider subscribing if you like cleaning motivation, because I am posting videos about it all the time, I would love to have you as a viewer. So I'm back today with even better tips, and I hope you really enjoy it. I would say that I'm actually not a natural lover of cleaning, but I do really love having a clean house, so it is just the habits that I'm going to share with you today that keep my house nice and clean and tidy. So yes, without further ado, let's get into my tips. So my first tip is to be kind to your future yourself and to tidy as you go. Don't leave it until later, if there's something that you can be tidying while you're also doing something else, then definitely do it. So for instance, if I'm cooking, I make sure that I have no dead time. If something is boiling or something's in the oven, I will be washing dishes or wiping down surfaces so that I am cleaning as I go. Even when I wash my face in the morning, you might have seen in my morning routine, I'll wash my face with one side of the facecloth and then I will wipe over our sink with the other side of the facecloth, and even when my kids are in the bath, I will quickly wash the bathroom floor or organize the under the sink storage in that room. Because my boys are that bit older and they can sit up on their own, it just makes sense for me to be cleaning while they're happily playing. And on that note, follow the five minute rule and the one touch method. The five minute rule is exactly as it sounds, if you see a task in front of you and it will only take five minutes to do, just do it now. So for instance, if you have a messy junk drawer and it would actually only take five minutes to sort out, just go ahead and do it immediately, this is a good rule to apply to life in general. And the one touch method is something I also try to live by, and that is just putting an item away with one touch. So for instance if you're brushing your hair, and then you put your hairbrush down somewhere, and then it eventually gets back to where it should be, instead of doing that, just brush your hair and then put your brush back where it belongs, and the same thing goes for when you walk in the door with your coat. Rather than chucking your coat down on the couch and then eventually putting it away or putting it on a coat, just take it off and with one touch put it away where it belongs. My next tip is one that professional cleaners use, and that is to walk into a room and to clean it clockwise, and from top to bottom. So rather than walk into a room and be overwhelmed by how messy it is, run here, there and everywhere to try and clean it as best you can, walk into a room, choose a starting point, and then work your way around clockwise, and always clean from the highest point down to the floor. That's because dust will settle, so there's no point in cleaning the floors if you still have to wipe the surfaces. And when it comes to big tasks like laundry and decluttering, I really like to break those up and do a little bit every day. So instead of having one huge laundry day, I will just do a load every day of the week, so in the morning I'll put on a load of laundry as part of my routine, I'll dry it in the afternoon, and I'll put it away every evening, and it really does feel like less of a burden than a huge laundry day at the weekend. And while we're talking about laundry, I also get so many questions about ironing and my ironing routine, but the truth is, I rarely ever iron, and that is because I fold clothes immediately out of the tumble dryer. As soon as I hear that buzzer go off, I am at the tumble dryer and I am folding them, because I find when I do that, I get so many less creases in our clothes. And my next tip is to read the labels on your cleaning products, and the instructions as well. Now, I know that sounds really simple and very obvious, but be honest, how often do you do that? And some cleaning products require a dwell time, which means they need to sit on your surfaces for one to five minutes to really disinfect properly, so check your cleaning products. My next tip is to always be decluttering. Rather than just doing a huge declutter once or twice a year, keep a basket in your car or in your garage where you can put items that you no longer want or need, and then if you're passing by the charity shop, you can donate them. This is a great way to stay on top of things, and if you ever have 10 minutes in the day, maybe you can find the time to declutter just one drawer. If you do that often and it becomes a habit, it will really keep your house cleaner. And once you have decluttered, have a place for everything, and have everything in its place. And this is straight out of the Marie Kondo book, which I'm a huge fan of, but tidying really is easier if everything has a place to live, so we have invested in some clever storage solutions. We had this little shoe storage built underneath our stairs, because there was just some dead space there. We also love to have gas lift beds, because we can store all of our seasonal clothes and toys under them, we really do try to make the most of the space that we have. My next tip is a great one, and one that I'm really trying to instill in our children, and that is don't leave a room empty-handed, and don't go upstairs empty-handed either. Often there are items that need to go back to the kitchen, that need to go to the dishwasher, so for instance in the morning you're likely to have cups upstairs that need to go back downstairs, and there are always little things on our stairs that need to return up it. We actually invested in a little stair basket as well, so that we can just grab the stair basket and take that up with us. My next tip is to work smart and to get great equipment, you're more likely to clean if you love the products that you're using, so recently I got a robot vacuum as well, and it's been such a game-changer for me. I've got into the habit of when I take my children up to the bath, I'll turn on my robot vacuum, and it can just be vacuuming away, and I feel like it's a small win for me. I also love my spray mop, it's really fun to use, and it's a really cool gadget. I know I've shown you it before, but I really love having it, and I always had my favorite cleaning cloth that I knew worked really well, so I decided to buy like five or six of them so that I always have the cloth that I really like to use. And buying new cleaning products so that you clean more is a bit like buying new gym wear so that you go to the gym more. My next tip is to create cleaning routines, and if you don't know where to start, I've made so many videos about my cleaning routines, I have a morning one and an evening one as well, but just look at your day and see if there's anywhere where you can carve out time that you can actually tidy and clean, and again by making it a habit, it won't feel so heavy, and it'll just fit into your life. So for instance, every night when I go to bed, I put the dishwasher on, and then every morning I just empty it, and I kind of don't even notice that I'm doing it, because it is just one of my habits. My next tip is to keep cleaning products near where you're going to use them, and I feel like this tip is a little bit controversial, because a lot of people keep all their cleaning products in one place together, and I definitely have one place where the bulk of mine are, and then if I do a big house clean, I'll take them all with me, but I feel like by having a couple of cleaning products upstairs, like a surface spray and a glass cleaner, I'm more likely to quickly clean our mirrors, or just quickly wipe down our sink or our toilets, so for me that really works, having a few of the products near where I'm actually going to use them. My next tip is to set a timer and speed clean. Now, I've made so many speed cleaning videos in the past on my channel, but it really does work, you will be amazed at how much you can get done in just 10 or 15 minutes, so set a timer on your phone, decide to conquer one room, and you'll be amazed how clean it is in just 15 minutes. This next tip really does work for me, and that is don't sit down. So in the evening, when all I want to do is crash, I make sure that all the tasks are done before I do that, because I know as soon as I sit down on that couch, I will not be getting up and accomplishing very much at all, so I try to do it all before I sit down. Another thing that makes cleaning easier for me is that I treat it like me time, so whenever I'm cleaning, I'm also multitasking, whether I am listening to an audiobook or a podcast, sometimes I like to call my mom and my sister and catch up with them, because I can be cleaning and chatting away at the same time. I also like to clean when I'm cooking, when the kids are in the bath as I said, or if I ever need to book a doctor's appointment, or call the bank and I'm going to be on hold for a long time, then I like to clean while I'm making those kinds of phone calls, and I feel like when I'm cleaning, it's like a guilt-free me time, so I can be listening to a book as I said, or music, or something that I enjoy, and also being productive at the same time. My next tip is to involve the whole family in cleaning, and to delegate chores. So even very small children could have a few chores, that maybe is making their bed or putting their dishes into the dishwasher, or it's worth you and your partner agreeing on tasks that you tend to own or do. For instance, you won't feel like you're nagging all the time if it is your partner's job to always put the trash out, and so on. My next tip is to fold your clothes in the Marie Kondo way of folding. I really love having this, especially for my children's drawers. It's basically like making these little parcels that all face upwards so that when you open a drawer, you can see all of the items that you have. It's very space-saving and it looks very neat and tidy, and when my children are choosing their own clothes, they really don't mess it all up, so I really like organizing in this way. And I also have three tasks that I do every single day, and I swear it makes our entire house feel so much cleaner. The first one is to make your bed every single morning. Wake up, just do it, you've already accomplished something and you feel good about it, but it also makes your entire bedroom look clean instantly. The second task is to have clear counters. Don't leave much out on your counters, we like to hide our big appliances, and try to keep them as clear as possible, because it makes the entire room look so much cleaner. And the third thing is to have clean sinks. Now, bear with me on this one, but when a sink is messy or full of dishes, I swear it attracts so much more mess to the entire house, so I always try to have clean sinks, and before I go to bed at night, my kitchen sink is always nice and clean. And my final tip is if you have children, discount everything that I just said, because it is very hard to keep a clean house if you have children at home, so give yourself some grace. If I can wake up to a clean home and I can go to bed with a clean home, then I am pretty much happy, but I've also come to terms with the fact that it's going to be messy, we have very young children. So anyway, that is all my tips for today, I hope you really enjoyed this video, and of course, I would love you guys to add your tips to the comments below. Thank you so much as always for watching, and I'll see you in my next one, bye guys.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EzWizzy_F7 [1 likes]: Whos here 2025!!!
  2. @YTS.MinimalistVibes: This video reminded me that it’s not about doing everything perfectly, just staying consistent in small ways
  3. @vivianewallick6044: This is a great video!  I have had long Covid for 4 years and must conserve my energy due to fatigue.  But I love the 5 minute rule, the put it away instead of putting it down- rule, cleaning while on hold and setting a timer to clean.  I always think cleaning is going to take forever.  I had a mother who never cleaned so I never learned the procedures to clean, so I love your videos.
  4. @sonja580: I thought I'm the only one who shows the facecloth trick
  5. @horror990: If i cook while im cleaning that food finna get burned.. 

I guess a tip of mine is pretend you're going on vacation the day after tomorrow. I absolutely love coming back to a clean house and the day before vacation should be chilling your stomach and creating your car nest. So it gives enough urgency for me to want it done, but not too much to crash

Another helpful thing is pretending im going to have someone over, this not only encourages me to put stuff away, but to also display things that i am proud of, generally leading to more personality in my spaces
  6. @user-em6zb2zf6y: Thank you very much
  7. @Curiousky: 🤍🤍🤍🤍🫧🫧
  8. @trixie60990: 👏
  9. @rachelfrght3841: I’m used to do everything in your list. My mom taught me these habits and I’m glad she did because having a spotless and organized house has never been difficult for me. One of your tips I learned by myself and I swear by it. I keep a few cleaning products in every bathroom. Sometimes I’m not even planning on cleaning my kids bathroom but I go in there to pick up some clothes they have left on the floor and I see the bathroom is not clean by having cleaning products there I easily and quickly clean up in 10 minutes and done. I feel that if I have to go to the closet to get them I probably would leave the cleaning for later.
  10. @jennaluvhugs8252: Never make the bed straight away, let the bed air for at least 30 mins  before you make them
  11. @amaa3496: -!!!-  👁 - Моя Материнская заботливая рекомендация профессиональный совет женщинам домохозяйкам (с моим личным стажем официальной работы  помощи старым и больным людям в местах их проживания  это конкретно официальная работа домохозяйки в 4 домах кажый рабочий день на протяжении времени  более 18 лет ,  работа  -  3 домах у  клиентов  +  1 мой дом в котором я сама проживаю , и в течении того времени ухаживала за нездоровым человеком мужчиной предателем вором и лжецом который так же проживал в нём вместе со мной в этот период времени до недавнего часа  )  Итак  ко всеобщему  сведению -   Делать домашнюю уборку пола с неправильной вредной шёткой-шваброй очень плохо и вредно для женского здоровья,    это плохая вреднай половая щетка для движения , -  у неё короткая ручка при работе с которой причиняется вред женскому позвоночнику и для мужчины который с такой шваброй работает, так как ручка должна быть достаточно длинной для правильных движений в работе с ней, посвоночник должен быть ровным и раслабленным без напряжения  во время работы уборки пола, что сделает минимальными физические усилия и будет сохранять здоровье позвоночника спины, что благоприятствует здоровью,  это косается так же работы с пылисосом  -  лучше всего это классическая модель пылисоса с длинным шлангом который даёт максимальную лёгкую  возможность движениям  с минимальными  усилиями нагрузки на плечи, руки, запястья кистей рук и пальцев..   Oн должен быть максимально легким в весе для его переноски и движений в работе и иметь минимальный формате габарита, достаточно длинная выдвижная ручка легкая  алюминивая пластиковая с лёгкой напольной насадкой - щёткой с двух сторон котороя легко заходит на половой плинтус, она максимально легкая и у неё высокий двухстороньний ворс,  пылисос должен иметь мешок сумку для сбора мусора который закрывается для санитарной гигиены и не распыляет пыль в воздухе, при шаговой работе с пылисосом спинной позвоночник должен быть максимально ровным и без напряжения при работе с ним, 
- ИНФО -   Multifunctionele Rubber / Bezem / Vloer borstel  -  для любого полового покрытия.. -  + Multi Dweildoek Gestikt   половая тряпка ...   Информация для всех женщин домохозяик и мужчин ( неженатых холостяков самостоятельно делающих домашнюю работу ) 
 - полвая тряпка в которой делается посреди маленькая дырка и она одевается на ручку швабры и используется сразу в 4 сторонах  ( в 2 внешних и в 2 внутреньних спереди и сзади  ) а потом снимается в ведре 5 литровом со сквозной ручкой с половиной набранной воды спаласкивается  хорошо легко отжать и снова одевается на ручку швабры , такое ведро ненужно ставить на пол оно легко помещается под любой кран в умывальнике или мойке, на подоконнике или на столике  или на крышки унитаза, на маленькой 1-2-3  стапной лестнице или подставке для ног,  чтоб ненужно было женщине лишний раз сгибать позвоночник спины.. чтоб она всё работу делала с не напряжённой ровной спиной..  и меньше  уставала и ей  не надо было часто ходить каждый раз к ведру стоящему на полу и споласкивать половую тряпку и тратить на это время.. Вся домашняя уборка для женщины должна делаться легко с правильным материалом для её обязательного исполнения, с наименьшими физическими усилиями для тела, что будет благоприятствовать для желания её делать каждый день без ненужной на то вредной усталости и будет положительно сказываться отличным результатом хорошей домашней атмосферы для всех для её мужа и детей...   
-!!!- Если женщину домохозяйку приглашают на такую работу где отсутствует санитарная гигиена она недолжна делать такую работу которую можно сравнить  с издевательством и оскарблением  котороя унижает её женское достоинство, пусть эти люди вначале перед тем как пригласить какую то женщину домохозяйку приходить помогать,  должны пригласить профессионалов в специальной защитной одежде предназначенной для защиты в работе специальной  санитарной обработки жилого помещения и только потом в моей рекомендации женщинам возможно приходить работать по еженедельному или чаще поддержанию домашнего порядка с соблюдением этикета манер правил приличия социальнго общества двухстороннего уважения и респекта.. 
- Facebook info - Korolewa LarissaNatalisDomini  / LarissaNatalisDomini  Korolewa 🐝 ...
  12. @LynnFleming-d5c: Which place to start first be blessed Amen 👍🙏
  13. @hfrt29: good video.thx👍
  14. @alyssadavis6747: Love the have grace tip! Never heard that in a video like this and you are very right and this is very true ❤️
  15. @Lovegodalways777: Omgggg
  16. @Gesundheit888: As for cleaning products I need water, vinegar, at the most some TSP, and elbow grease. No need to have all sort of poisons in my house to "clean" or rather to distribute a layer of harmful products to toxify the air and every space my kids sit, lay, roll around it.
On the positive side, I like your 5 minute and 1 touch suggestions. Everything else are good suggestions that I basically have always done anyway. Very good video overall.
  17. @mamabear_9074: My husband wants all the focus on him when he is home and hates when I clean around him. He rather I be done cleaning by the time he gets home. Speed cleaning made my life so much easier 😅
  18. @jmontg4752: Wow…I’ve always clean clockwise and up n down. Didn’t realize that was a cleaning method.
  19. @clairee4939: Thanks for inspiration. Thanks also for good captions and transcript for your deaf and HoH viewers. I subscribed😊
  20. @AprilSinampu: Hi, my new subscription glad to see your video, an is making me excited

- Should I RENT or BUY an apartment in NYC?: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, this is Kirill Kabachenko - your Real&nbsp; Estate agent in New York City. Should you&nbsp;&nbsp; buy or should you rent an apartment in New&nbsp; York and what are the differences? In this&nbsp;&nbsp; video I'll show you both options, one apartment&nbsp; will be for sale, the other one will be for rent,&nbsp;&nbsp; with similar monthly fees, and we'll talk about&nbsp; pros and cons of each scenario. I'm here on&nbsp;&nbsp; the Upper West Side Manhattan at 247 West 87th&nbsp; Street. This is a rental building built in 1984.&nbsp;&nbsp; The amenities include 24-hour doorman,&nbsp; children's room, gym and swimming pool.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a two-bedroom, two-bath apartment priced&nbsp; at eighty seven hundred dollars a month. If you&nbsp;&nbsp; are only planning on staying in the city for the&nbsp; short term the flexibility of renting is hard&nbsp;&nbsp; to beat. Another great advantage of renting is&nbsp; that you don't have to worry if anything breaks,&nbsp;&nbsp; like your fridge, central air, or if your&nbsp; neighbors flooded you. The management and the&nbsp;&nbsp; super will take care of it. Renting also gives&nbsp; you freedom to forget about maintenance costs,&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate taxes and in most cases your rent&nbsp; will be lower than your mortgage payments. To&nbsp;&nbsp; get approved for this place your combined annual&nbsp; salary has to exceed $348,000 dollars for one&nbsp;&nbsp; person and $522,000 for two and more people.&nbsp; Broker fees can be as high as 15% of the annual&nbsp;&nbsp; rent and as low as one month. To move in here&nbsp; you would need to pay upfront one month rent,&nbsp;&nbsp; one month security deposit, twenty dollar&nbsp; application fee per person and broker fee.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you want to mitigate your expenses there are&nbsp; also plenty of no fee apartments in New York.&nbsp;&nbsp; When you rent there is not much flexibility into&nbsp; what you can do with the space. You can't repaint&nbsp;&nbsp; do major upgrades or even install a washer and&nbsp; dryer if your apartment doesn't have one, you&nbsp;&nbsp; usually cannot sublet and your rent will likely&nbsp; be going up year after year. If you take a look at&nbsp;&nbsp; the annual rent for this apartment it comes down&nbsp; to a hundred four thousand dollars and all this&nbsp;&nbsp; money hasn't built you any equity it's just gone.&nbsp; On the other hand property prices in New York have&nbsp;&nbsp; a stable appreciation, this makes it one of the&nbsp; main reasons why it makes sense to buy. Over the&nbsp;&nbsp; past 10 years property prices in New York have&nbsp; appreciated on average seven percent annually,&nbsp;&nbsp; lend is extremely limited in the city so the&nbsp; prices are likely to continue to rise. If you&nbsp;&nbsp; decide to sell your apartment in the future&nbsp; you will most likely make a good profit from.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is 253 West 73rd Street or The Level Club&nbsp; Condo, not far away from the first location.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was built in 1927 as a private club, at some&nbsp; point it became a hotel and eventually has been&nbsp;&nbsp; remodeled as a condominium. The building has 19&nbsp; stories and 159 units. Just look at this lobby.&nbsp;&nbsp; One of the major advantages of buying&nbsp; is that you get numerous tax benefits.&nbsp;&nbsp; This is a two bedroom two bath condo apartment&nbsp; priced at million four hundred fifty thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars. The common charges and monthly taxes will&nbsp; cost you $2,800 a month to live here, without the&nbsp;&nbsp; mortgage. With a 10% down payment and 30-year&nbsp; mortgage with five percent interest rate it&nbsp;&nbsp; will cost you about $9,800 a month to live here,&nbsp; which is $1,100 more than the previous place.&nbsp;&nbsp; When owning an apartment you have the ability&nbsp; to customize the space, also when you buy your&nbsp;&nbsp; mortgage payments won't change with a fixed rate&nbsp; mortgage. Meanwhile your rent can increase every&nbsp;&nbsp; year. The most considerable difficulty with buying&nbsp; a home is coming up with the cash required for&nbsp;&nbsp; the down payment and closing costs. Purchaser's&nbsp; closing costs for condos in New York typically&nbsp;&nbsp; range from two to four percent from the sale&nbsp; price, in our case it would be around fifty eight&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand dollars. Total amount of cash you need to&nbsp; secure this apartment would be around two hundred&nbsp;&nbsp; thousand dollars. The good thing is that you&nbsp; don't need to pay your agent when buying a home&nbsp;&nbsp; it is usually covered by the seller. After all it&nbsp; generally depends on your situation to rent or to&nbsp;&nbsp; buy but the key factor here is the length of time&nbsp; that you're planning on staying in your next home.&nbsp;&nbsp; Below I attached the link to the closing cost&nbsp; calculator so you can get a more detailed&nbsp;&nbsp; perspective on the upcoming costs when buying&nbsp; a home. Which apartment did you like better and&nbsp;&nbsp; which scenario do you prefer leave your comment&nbsp; below. And if you're looking to buy sell or list&nbsp;&nbsp; an apartment in New York I'm happy to help.&nbsp; Alright I'll see you in the next video, bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dimitruscherry [14 likes]: $8700, damn thats rediculous
  2. @sct4040 [14 likes]: Buy if you can afford to.  No one can kick me out as long as I pay my monthly maintenance (tax included).   The key is to buy during a down market.   Equity doesn’t mean anything if you age in place.
  3. @noreenebostick9593 [6 likes]: When I visited New York in 1999, I said to myself how living down south was better as far as just taking groceries out of the vehicle and bringing it up many floors. I joked to myself that if a person was to break in a vehicle, the vehicle owner has to go through many changes to get an identity of the perpetrator. This video is not for everyday people. The cost per month to rent or buy a 2 bedroom is a mansion in many other cities and states with acres of land and even much better weather and temperatures. Thanks for sharing on YouTube. Thanks for reading my comments. Smiles
  4. @HorizonMelt [3 likes]: I could never do such close-ups of my own face. But if I looked like Kirill I would be happy to.
  5. @MarciaSantos-ox1fk [3 likes]: Would’ve been nice if you had also included Co-ops in the discussion.
  6. @silverb5s4 [3 likes]: Great video Kirill, look forward to seeing your channel grow 🔥
  7. @jaysteven8135 [2 likes]: 8700 a month? Lol 😂
  8. @smillbarkile3111 [2 likes]: I Wish , I could buy in NY. If I got the $$
  9. @archer9664 [2 likes]: Lmfaooooo rich people problems
  10. @Abhi-rq5ui [1 likes]: You didn't calculate HOA of 2000 or 3000... which is a very important factor. Useless video
  11. @empressnigeria [1 likes]: Ny is not a fun or safe place just expensive & attractive
  12. @욜로월드-m7v: So nice  and  cheap❤
  13. @adadumitrescu412: None of this.
  14. @SSSESESESESESESS: Buy your a king
  15. @michaeltyler3765: Haha! 😂
  16. @sarra_arras: Кырыл 🫢🤣
  17. @katerinakobina7030: Hi! What video stabilizer do you use?)

- Upper East Side Living: From Affordable to Luxury, NYC’s Best Apartments Revealed: Kind: captions Language: en the Upper East Side is not just a neighborhood it's a destination for the most elegant and luxurious properties in New York City you ever wondered what you could get for rent in a certain price point in the upper east side or today's your lucky day cuz today I'm taking you along with me for the day and we're going to look at multiple properties for rent and different price points in the up East Side let's do [Music] it you next you episode 6 of touring the city with CJ you read the t hold on hold on on my name is Chris Jordan I'm a luxury real estate agent here in New York City welcome if we haven't met I don't want to be rude but I don't want to waste your time let's get into it today we're going to start the day in Westchester a little bit different than the City a little bit of different scenery if you watch episode one I spoke about Westchester I live in Westchester it's a little bit different from uh the city a little quieter look we got trees we got some trees we got deers things of that nature I do enjoy the change of pace West to give me from the city but now the city is awesome I like being in the city people always ask me is it a lot to travel from Westchester to the city but it's not so it's only like a 45 minute train ride and it gives me time to you know get myself together before I get to the city I I think if I just was on the train and maybe sleeping or not doing anything it would be a lot but while I'm on the train I always try to use that time to meditate read a book it's just like my pregame so I enjoy the ride but I'm not opposed to move to the city I may uh I may move to the city soon who knows just for a few years I also know cuz sometimes you know late at night it do get Troublesome to travel back to Westchester but traveling there is easy it's always traveling back late but let's go so I decided to do this video because I do have a dentist apointment a little bit later in the Upper East Side so I decided to kill two birds and one stone spend the day on the upper e side I'm going to see about six buildings who knows maybe 15 units I'm definitely not going to show you guys 15 units but I'm going to show you guys a few and this is kind of being part of my process you know a lot of times I like to spend days in a neighborhood just to see what's on the market you know walk around see the street I've been to the up East Side before but one thing about New York City is things is always changing forever changing so you got to change with it you got to evolve with it so I definitely love to just spend days in neighborhoods it giv me a great feel for the neighborhood so let's see a lot of differences in this episode we never been here right now we're in Harlem 125th we won't spend a lot of time here on doing these tours but we're going to the Upper East Side it's a little bit closer to the Upper East Side than going downtown to in central to Midtown just to come back Uptown you know Harlem is already Uptown take the six train a few stops and we up East Side so let's go let's continue this tour up side is very very unique because they have the luxury of you having Central Park on the west side and then you have the East River on the East so you get great views with with the East River but you also get green spaces you can have picnic you have runs I'm pretty sure everybody's familiar with Central Park and it's a VAR right in the neighborhood it's very short you got the West entrance right on the uper east side so I think those two things make it very unique and this is just my opinion but I thought it was appropriate to start this tour in Westchester because to me my opinion up east side is like the Westchester of Manhattan you know you got the tree line streets it's great for families now if you have little on because they have great school system great private schools great Public Schools so if you do want to live in Manhattan but you also want to raise your family a lot of people do you know are drawing to Upper East Side for those reasons so though why not start in Westchester cuz we're going to the Westchester of Manhattan just my opinion when it come to Transportation up East Side that's also great you got the four train the five train the sixth train today we're going to get on the six train so I'll show you a little bit of that if you drive you also got the FDR Drive right there so you really could get anywhere from the Upper East Side as well welcome to unit one a stunning two bedroomroom two bath apartment just a short walk from Hunter col in the Linux Hill Neighborhood of the Upper East Side today we're switching things up and starting in the kitchen this kitchen is a true showstopper with its modern design and newly renovated finishes it's perfect for anyone who loves to cook or entertain the Sleek appliances and stylish backsplash really Elevate the space giving it a fresh and contemporary Vibe now as we step into the living room you'll see it's a great size perfect for hosting friends family or just relaxing after a long day open layout makes it bright inviting and Incredibly functional as we move into the first bedroom you'll notice the washing and drying conveniently tucked away here this room is a versatile space it could work as a guest room a home office or anything else you may need just a short walk away you'll find the first bathroom making it super convenient for anyone using this space now let's head into the master bedroom this room is spacious common and feel like your own private retreat but let me tell you the real gym in this space is this walk-in closet I don't know about about you guys but I absolutely love walk-in closets and this one is fantastic it's perfect for keeping your wardrobe organized storing your Essentials and even creating a small dressing area it's honestly one of my favorite features of this entire apartment finally we step into the master bedroom the Sleek design here is just stunning we got the glass sliding shower doors and modern finishes giving it a spotlike feel that's both elegant and functional it's the perfect spot to unwind and refresh at the end of the day and that's unit one a newly renovated apartment and Linux Hill to offer style flexibility and unbeatable location thanks for joining me on this tour and let's make our way to the next one now we steping into unit two a Charming one bedroom one bath apartment in a s and place neighborhood of the Upper East Side as we enter we're greeted by convenient coold closet and stunning hardwood floors that flow throughout the space setting a tone for a cozy your elegant home moving into the living area this base offers plenty of Versatility it's large enough to double as a dining area imagine adding a few stools here for casual dining setup or entertaining guest in this welcoming space next we head into the kitchen which features Sleek stainless steel appliances it's a functional and stylish area that makes cook in a breeze just a short walk from here we find the bathroom conveniently located and thoughtfully designed finally we step into the bedroom but we we have another gym of this apartment another walk-in closet we're getting very lucky today you know how much I love walk-in closets and this one didn't disappoint either the bedroom itself is a great size especially for the price offering comfort and plenty of possibilities overall just my opinion I think this unit is an absolute Ste for the price Great Space thoughtful design and all in the heart of the sign Place welcome to unit 3 as we step inside the first thing you will notice is the kitchen on the right this was one of the more spacious kitchens we've seen during this tour featuring beautiful quartz countertops and plenty of Cabinetry perfect for your cooking and storage needs as we make our way out of the kitchen we're graded by a stunning living room there's just so much potential in this space you can design it in so many different ways to fit your style and needs now let's check out the rooms on the left you have the first bedroom which I think is really good size perfect for a cozy and functional setup walking down the hole we come to the bathroom complete with Sleek glass sliding doors and yes you might catch a little Cameo from me in this part of the tour hi how you doing I hope all is well finally we reached the second bedroom this room has a light switch but no light fixture installed which is an interesting touch but honestly I absolutely love the size of this room and just around the corner we have the second bathroom a great addition to this unit overall in my opinion yod that 3 has so much to offer with it spacious layout modern finishes and versatile rooms it's a space that's easy to love and full of possibilities all right folks I have to admit s I've been working on maintaining a poker face lately during these tours but this apartment has me genely excited I saved this one for last because it's truly special and I cannot wait to share it with you this magnificent apartment has been completely gut renovated it is absolutely gorgeous it has everything you could want the home so let's dib right in and talk about this stunner as you walk in you're greeted by ample closet space perfect for all your storage needs but wait I'm not sure if you guys are really ready for this let me back up a little bit no no all right come on come on come on let's go let's go and step into this magnificent open space you have an enormous living room that you can arrange in multiple ways it comfortably fits a TV bookshelves and other furniture making it a spectacular space for entertaining guests and hosting dinner parties the superb open kitchen features calotta countertops a beautiful island with great storage stainless steel appliances including a dishwasher and microwave and tons of cabinet space right by the kitchen you can place a gorgeous dining table that seats eight or more there's so much space to work with just let your imagination run wild now let's get to the bedrooms there are four bedrooms each with in suet bathrooms and fantastic closet space the first bedroom easily fits a king-size bed in tables a TV and office desk and more the in Suite has a standing shower with glass doors a large medicine cabinet and a vanity a short walk from the first bedroom you'll find an inunit washer and dryer and a guest bathroom in the hallway the second bedroom can accommodate a queen-size bed or two fullsize beds along with in tables and office desk or TV and other Furniture as well this in Suite features a tub with glass doors a vanity and large medicine cabinet now as we make our way to the third bedroom I couldn't decide which room to show you first but let's do this one it easily fits a queen siiz bed a two twins siiz bed along with end tables and other Furnitures and this in Suite has a tub with glass doors as well before we go into the last room can we talk about this walk-in closet this is luxury at its finest I honestly stood in here just imagining how I could put this to use but last but not least the primary bedroom the uite has a tub with glass doors a vanity and a huge medicine cabinet this room can fit a California king-size bed end tables a seat in area dresses a TV again just let your imagination run wild one last thing before we go you'll need a process for turning off the lights in this unit to avoid a skyh high bill because I had to walk around this unit a couple of times to make sure everything was off but I'm always a key component and leaving things as you found it and I found it with the lights off so I wanted to leave it with the lights off I have to say as you guys know I spoke about it earlier in the tour I absolutely love this unit it's a perfect blend of luxury functionality and style I hope you enjoyed this tour as much as I did and I can't wait to show you more amazing properties in the future let's do it all right that concludes this week's episode this week's episode was actually interesting a lot of curve balls got thrown during this episode uh few units was getting worked on some people didn't show up a lot happened one some of the doors were closed so a lot happened but that's part of life that's why you always got to over prepare you know I told you guys I was probably going to see what 6 to eight buildings today I'm probably seen what four to six and I'll probably show you guys four units so it happens though it's part of life especially in New York City real estate if that's going to happen and that's why you got to over prepare and that's why I love going to see buildings because you got to be ready for everything you know I rather it happen with me while I'm doing my homework than it happened with a client because I really client's time well my time's valuable but client's time is very very valuable this is my this is what I do so I could get my time wasted but I never want to waste a client's time that's why I do my homework before and I know what I'm getting myself into way before I'm with a client but thank you for joining me on this episode word of the week adaptability had to adapt today but I think you guys are going to like like this episode like some of the units we've seen we got some good ones y thank you for joining me I'm absolutely starving because as you guys know I had the dentist appointment and I have an Unwritten rule to never eat before I go to the dentist I ate breakfast but after I brush my teeth and and put in some mouthwash I never eat after I just think it's rude so I'm very very hungry so I'm going get something to eat and I'm going get to work it's getting late about 5:00 and I got about three more hours in the city and then we go home long outro but thank you for joining me I just wanted to tell you guys about my day how you got to adapt in life life is about adapting and I'm not mad I'm happy I went through it I learned a lot also before I go I really enjoy Upper East Side Upper East Side is I hope it continues to have that historic charm but I'm glad I came because I seen they're building a lot of new luxury buildings they got a lot of new condos coming so I like the Upper East Side I really really do I hope they try to keep the historic charm but it looks like they're trying to give it modernize it as well so thank you for joining me on episode 5 and I'll see you guys next week

- NYC APARTMENT HUNTING 2025 | touring 8 apts + prices: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the most stressful yet exciting part of living in New York City, which means we are apartment hunting here in New York City. Thank god I'm not moving in the summer cuz that's when like all the college kids like NYU Columbia students move in. Prices like jack up. So I'm glad I'm not moving in that time and we're in September, October when it's all settled down. But I recently tooured about eight different apartments and I wanted to show you guys the ones that kind of sparked my interest. Before we start, I have a list of non-negotiables that I look for when I am hunting for apartment. So, let's get into it. First is that I'm looking for a one-bedroom. The past 2 years, I've been living in a studio, both about like less than 400 ft. It's really tiny, especially on a lot I have a lot of stuff and it keeps growing. So, we are definitely looking for a one-bedroom budget that I'm want to stay in between is $3700 to $4,400, which I feel like there's a lot of great onebedrooms in that price range, especially in New York. And locationwise, I'm trying to look for apartments in Brooklyn, specifically like downtown Brooklyn and Williamsburg. I've lived the past 3 years in Manhattan and it's it's a bit hectic and I feel like my I'm getting more introverted as I get older. So, I do want to switch a pace. And then especially because I am a content creator and this is my full-time job now, good lighting is so so so important for me. For me, big windows and good lighting is absolutely absolutely a must. And then for the last non-negotiable is a washer and dryer and unit. I have a lot of clothes these days and I sweat. I work out a lot and cuz I do go through a lot of shirts. I'm in my workout era, guys. But before we head on into the rest of the apartment tours, I do want to give you guys some tips and advice if you are planning to move to New York because it's so so competitive with the amount of people that are living here. From what I learned and probably what is the most important for me is that get all your paperwork ready before you even apply. The time that it takes for you to like look for like your statements, your payubs, another person is probably going to go in there, swoop in that apartment. So have it all ready before you apply so that when you get your application, you just put it all in and then you just wait for the response. And then the second one is I would say just start looking for apartments 1 month in advance. I think if you look maybe one week or two weeks, it's like you won't have enough time. And there's just so many different apartments out there that you may want or you may not want and then the competition just give yourself some time, some room to breathe so that you can look for the right apartment that you want. And the last one is always always ask if they're having like concession deals cuz a lot of these apartments sometimes have like one month off, half month off and it really makes a difference on like your total net rent that you're paying. always ask because you never know they might be like having some sort of deal. So yeah, it's really it's really helpful I'd say. So yeah guys, um that is pretty much all I think you guys are really ready to see all the apartments I've been touring anyway. So let's get into it. And a little disclaimer, I am very very picky. I'm very specific. It's because like you know this is a lot of money that I'm putting into and my job is focused around being at home. So, I'm going to be very specific, guys. And some of them you're going to be like, "What? This dude is way too like just go just have some patience on me, guys. These apartments I really want it to be my home." So, I'm going to be pretty picky about it. So, like, so start. Okay. So, for this first apartment, I really liked it. Like, I love the rounded corner one bed unit and like the sun was just like coming in so perfectly. Oh my god. I've always Okay, my dream for New York City was always to have like a corner unit. And on top of that, what's even better was that it's rounded, you know? It wasn't like that square one. It was like freaking rounded. And like that was the view of downtown Brooklyn. And I I I loved also how like you could still see the rest of the landscape. Like it wasn't building locked, meaning that I don't see somebody else's entire apartment in front of me. Like I love that you could still see it. And sunlight was coming. It was awesome. Bedroom was a little The bedroom was like Okay. It's like a little disappointing. I think I thought the windows were a bit small and it looked like if you have a queen-sized bed, pretty much the whole space is gone and you can't put a desk in there. So, I didn't really like how small the bedroom felt, but it's whatever. I mean, like, look at the living room. It's freaking awesome. And then the island I really love. You guys know I love islands. Um, I couldn't tell what the the kitchen cuz I don't think they were fully done renovating it. Like, the fridge wasn't even there, but whatever. I mean, it's fine. It's probably once in there, it should be fine. And I loved how there's a washer and dryer. But I will say what did me off a little on the wrong end, the leasing agent. I don't know, she was just like not enthusiastic. Whatever she wanted, she felt like felt like she just wanted to leave and not like really help us out. And it was I wasn't even done touring and she was like, "Okay, let's go." I was like, "Okay, this is a little odd." Like I don't really care about things like that, you know, as long as the apartment I'm living in is fine. But kind of did run me off the wrong way. I'm like, "I don't know if I this is what this is the staff I have to interact with." I don't know, whatever. Then for the second apartment, we went down to another one bed that's a lot cheaper. This living room was just like not it. Like it felt like a lobby of a hotel where you grab food at the Continental Breakfast. That's what it felt like. Like the windows were tiny and the kitchen just over like consumed the entire space. But the bedroom, it's like pretty much the opposite from the last unit. The bedroom has the rounded corner look instead of the living room, which is like okay. Okay. I mean, that's awesome that my bedroom has that so I can wake up to that view. But to be honest, like I don't know. I'd rather have the rounded windows in the living room just so I just cuz I spend most of my time in the living room, you know, like doing work, cooking, eating, and bedrooms just for me to sleep. So, I don't know. The living room is just it just wasn't it. Yeah, I don't know about that one. And then for the third next apartment wasn't like my favorite apartment, I would say. Like I like that it was a corner unit and you could see like both sides of the road, but the fact that like the windows were still like chopped up and there was a wall in between. I just I want to be able to see the world outside, you know? And then the kitchen was large and I love that there was an island. I love islands, guys. For some, you guys know I just love island. But then it felt like the rest of the living room got eaten up because the kitchen was so big. So, I couldn't really imagine where I would put like a dining table or like a couch in that living room just cuz the kitchen ate so much of the entire space. And then also, there was no laundry and dryer unit. Like, you kind of have to go outside and then do it. But then also, it's one per floor. So, there's one dryer and one washer per floor. And I'm like, bro, there's so many like freaking units on this floor. How could we just share one? So, if I'm paying 4,300, that's it's kind of a red flag, to be honest. And then the bedroom was fine. And the bedroom was just like a standard bedroom. It was It was spacious enough. I think I could fit like a one queen bed and a desk on the side. And the closet was fine. It was kind of like a unique lighting situation as well. So that was fine. Bedroom was fine. It just I guess my biggest red flags was there's pretty much practically no living room. The living room was the kitchen pretty much and no washer and dryer. Bathroom was good, too. The bathroom was pretty standard bathroom. This is so weird, but I liked how the toilet was sitting on the ground for some reason. I don't just the way it's sitting there on the floor was really aesthetic to me. But yeah, 4,300 for that. It's not something I would want to consider, but I'll keep it on the list just in case cuz that it is a corn unit at the end of the day. And then guys, for this fourth apartment, I've never seen such an amazing view from Brooklyn of just the rest of Brooklyn into Manhattan. Like the windows were absolutely so big and I love that there were no like window panes throughout the window. It was just like straight up the square and glass. And I love that the Williamsburg bridge was right there. Like chef's kiss. I can't even say anything else. The bedroom was just big. I loved it. I love how natural light came in. But the only thing I will say is I didn't like how futile big old catboard futile the windows were. Like I love in the living room it was huge and it took it up took up a lot of space. But in the bedroom it just like it was just very small. It was very narrow and I don't know. you couldn't see much. Closet was good. Um, also another thing I didn't like though was living's great, but the kitchen I just, again, here's me nitpicking, but I didn't like the color on like like the cabinetry. Like black and that space just does not look right. Like I wish it was just like brown like mahogany or like a regular kitchen or marble look. The bathroom was super posh, like large, wide um sink and like the counter space and also the drawers were super wide. Bathroom was perfect. Living was perfect. I think it was just the bedroom and sort of the I guess the kitchen area. And there was a good rooftop view upstairs. You could still see the rest of Manhattan. So, oh, also another inconveniency was you also have to go downstairs to do laundry. And that's uh that's a little bit of a red flag for me. I don't know. It's like you're paying this much amount of money. You want to have the nice amenities, you know? So, actually, maybe I don't know. Maybe it's not the perfect apartment. But man, that view was just just crazy. I can't stop thinking about it. And then for our fifth apartment, it was pretty standard. Like, I loved how the windows were full ceiling, the floor, but I will say one of the things was the window panes, like the black borders. It kind of like obstructs the view. But, I mean, that's nitpicking at it. But I loved how you could still see the best of Manhattan view on it. Room. Okay, the bedroom was great because usually when you have floor ceiling windows in the living room, the bedrooms usually are not floor ceiling. But for this one, they had it both in the living and the bedroom. So, I actually love that. And then standard closet. Pretty pretty good. Um, bathroom again, standard bathroom. And one thing I will say I didn't like was the kitchen. Like typically I like it more separated cuz when you're cooking all the smell gets pretty much radiated through the entire room. I didn't like how there was no separation from the living room to the kitchen. So that one was a little bit like uh but I mean there was a washer and dryer unit so that was that was great. But overall like this is just like a normal standard one bed. Nothing too crazy, nothing too bad. Um yeah, so pretty stand nothing too impressionable for me. So, I'll keep this on my list. We'll see where it goes. This one's more like mid tier. And then for our sixth apartment, love, love the really big window, like as soon as you walk in. I also like that it's like a very unique shape, different from what I normally see for an apartment layout. Living room's like a like a pretty much like a triangle almost. Love the ceiling floor windows. What I kind of didn't like though was the view. And it's like facing almost no part of Manhattan or the rest of Williamsburg. Like I guys, I moved to New York so I could get a good view of New York or at least feel like New York cuz it just reminds me of Missouri, man. You know, I liked how the kitchen was separated from the living room. I love that because I cook a lot, guys. You know, I don't want the smell radiating across the whole living space. So, I like that it was tucked away in the corner. Living room was a bit small, I'd have to say. Once I put a couch, the living space is pretty much eaten up. Other than that, the bedroom was great. Cuz usually, you know, when the living room has flooring, the bedroom doesn't. But this one definitely had both. Washer and dryer. Great. Bathroom. I love when the light is showing from behind the mirror. It's like so much more fancier and looks more luxurious. And other than that, bathroom's pretty standard, I'd say. Yeah, it's like I love it, but I also don't. So, I don't know where I stand with this one. That was definitely the most unique layout I've ever seen. I don't know. We'll have to see. I'll keep this one on the list. And guys, for the seventh apartment, by far my most favorite, especially like walking into this one, rounded corner unit. Even better than the first one I showed you guys, cuz this one all the sunlight was coming in. And it's the same like downtown Brooklyn view, but like the fact is you could see the Brooklyn Tower from here. And it's like so Gothamy and like a little bit eerie, but I love that. And you can see the sunlight directly coming in. And I love the island there, guys. I really like that like floating light hanging on the ceiling made it look so much more lux. And then the window in the kitchen directly like looking into the Brooklyn Tower was amazing, too. Also, like when you first walk into the apartment, I love how there's like a good buffer space between like the front door and then the living room or the bedroom. like you could kind of like pick your choose. And then the bathroom. Again, it's pretty standard bathroom. I never really have any critiques for bathrooms unless it's like really weird, but I mean it wasn't my favorite, but you know, it just it does the job. And then I really really like the bedroom. Honestly, the bedroom windows aren't ceiling to floor, which it's okay. It's honestly okay cuz the living room is just so good. But I will say the windows are pretty large. Like a lot of sunlight coming in, so perfect for that, too. Yeah. Just a solid solid bedroom. You know what? Honestly, I have like no complaints. Like washer and dryer in the unit and a shoe closet right next to the front door. This apartment compared to the first one I showed you guys that also has around it. I think 80 square foot bigger. It's much bigger. Better sunlight. Just better views. I don't know. Just I like it. I like it a lot. I'd be surprised if I didn't walk all the way with this apartment to be honest. We'll see. Who knows? I'm just so blown away by this one. And then for our very last apartment, I'm not going to lie, there's a lot of things I didn't like about it more than I liked. Like first off, like as soon as you walk in, yeah, like the corner, I like that it's a corner unit, but as soon as you go like towards the windows, the first thing you see is the bridge, the highway, and it's so close to it that I feel like, you know, like I like to walk around my apartment freaking naked, but I feel like the cars driving by will just see my like schlong swinging around. So, I don't like that at all. And on top of that, the left side of the window also faced directly towards another apartment, which is pretty damn close, too. And same thing on the right side. The bedroom was okay. It was It wasn't It wasn't small. It was pretty It was a good size, so I like that. The kitchen, I also like that it was It had like a little island. I love islands, guys. So, that was good, too. The dishwasher was a bit small. I hoard. That's my biggest problem. I love to hoard, and I have a lot of plates and cups and dishes and whatever. So, I know that tiny ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dishwasher will not fit everything that I have. I mean, washerd dryer is there. Bathroom's fine. The lights didn't even work. But you know what? It's okay. Other than that, it's like eh. On to the next apartment. But first, I got to go to church. It's Sunday, guys. So, hold on. All right, guys. So, that was the end of all the tours. You could probably tell which ones were like my favorite and then which ones were like, eh. I'm pretty biased. Heavily biased. Yeah. So, it's really fun, but it's really tiring seeing all these apartments. But I will say by the time this video comes out, I would have already been approved by an apartment. So, maybe like you guys should take a guess which one I ended up going with. I feel like it shouldn't be too hard. Um, but yeah, it's very exciting. And I plan on showing you guys the entire like moving process and like the apartment tour and furnishing it. So, there's a lot of cool things coming up and I hope you guys could take something out of this, too. If you plan on moving to New York City, which I think is the greatest city on planet Earth, especially if you want to achieve something, if you have a dream, if you have a goal in mind, this is the city. So, hope you guys uh loved the tours and my critiques, my honest a little too specific critiques, but other than that, uh I will see you in the next video with my very new apartment.

  Top Comments:
  1. @_.bubulos_.9520 [2 likes]: "My job is focused around being at home"  I need my prayers answered lmao
  2. @mikek5117 [1 likes]: Why is this mofo shirtless when checking out empty Apts 😂 fxkn narcissist over here
  3. @oluwalofeyifunmi [1 likes]: You remind me of Enhyphen Sunoo- a bundle of sunshine 🌞
  4. @cesarbahar786 [1 likes]: Dear Kai, Actually, agree with you the sunlight through the windows. Specially, in NYC a lot of grey days. I like you’re positive attitude. good luck. can’t wait to see the next video.. 🏡🥰🙏
  5. @vidguy007 [1 likes]: Your burning a lot of money for nothing
  6. @DanielleA2023: "about 8" it's 8 or it's not
  7. @Neyvex: Are you gay?
  8. @thehunt85: Very giggly young man ........
  9. @IdMonster00: If your a content creator, couldn't live somewhere cheaper.
  10. @malyarrashidy4074: Bro's too energetic
  11. @AlissaandJager: to be fair apartment hunting is only exciting when you have a bunch of money to spend on one lolll
  12. @OBITOMAJIN: These kind of vlogs are mega motivational for my goals 🤝🏾🔥🏆
  13. @jelanah_: what website are you using to search?
  14. @UncHair: Gayest thumbnail ever.
  15. @PoprocksPp: 13:12 UMM why is he naked in there with another boy???
  16. @Liam-c4f3u: #7 is amazing
  17. @jazosssorio: A Jesus lover AND a patrick screensaver??  Finally someone who relates ✨  #BoldNBrash
  18. @Rsshadow0805: I guess 7th was the best of all
  19. @Human_5151: 4th was kinda my fav
  20. @CINEXEnglish: Nice

- What It Takes To Stage A $14 Million NYC Apartment: Kind: captions Language: en [Narrator] When you're trying to sell a place, you want to make potential buyers feel at home. But when you're selling an apartment that's, say, $14 million, that's a 7,200-square-foot triplex penthouse with 3 1/2 bathrooms, skylights, high ceilings, and over 1,500 square feet of private outdoor space, well, that would sell in an instant, right? Not necessarily. That's where Cheryl Eisen comes in. She's the go-to luxury-apartment stager in the New York area. She does more than help sell homes. She sells you on a dream life. The whole purpose of staging is to style and furnish a place for sale, to highlight its selling points for potential buyers, and help them envision themselves living in the space. Cheryl is the CEO of Interior Marketing Group, a New York City-based company that does interior design, staging, and marketing for luxury homes. Her past buyers and clients include Chrissy Teigen and John Legend, Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West, Bethenny Frankel, and Swedish real-estate broker Fredrik Eklund. The homes she stages? They start at $5 million and go as high as $230 million. The cost of the pieces for a staging is usually about 1% of the listing price of the home. Today, we're going to follow Cheryl and her team as she stages a loft that is expected to sell at around $14 million in Tribeca. But before we get to that, all the magic starts here, at this warehouse in Jersey City. Cheryl: This is where all the magic happens. It's 60,000 square feet of furniture, light fixtures, art, custom furnishings. Behind me here is the accessories section. And I'm gonna show you today how we tag and prepare for a staging and then we're gonna go to the Duane Street Tribeca loft that we're doing. And you'll see the whole thing happen right in front of you. [Narrator] The aesthetic we're going for today: a modern, minimalistic look. After the preplanning, the most important part is going into the warehouse and picking the exact pieces she wants for the space. It all starts at the board. Cheryl: So here we are at the projects board. These are the projects we're doing at any given time. A lot. This is the one I'm doing today, right here, with the blue tape. I'm gonna show you how we tape for projects. Let's go. [Narrator] Each staging starts off with a walkthrough with the broker or the client to decide what areas are selling points they want to highlight. Cheryl: So I'm looking for sofas for this project. It's a really huge loft space, and I want the ceilings to look super high, so I want something that's really low-profile. We're doing, like, gray, neutral tones, so I feel like this sofa here, which is really cool and sculptural, is gonna be a good choice. I'll pull it out, put some tape on it, and this will be part of our staging. This will be in the living room. Then upstairs, we've got a media room, and I want the sofa to look a little different, so I feel like this one could be really good. It's modular, which means you can put it in any configuration. It works in every apartment. I'm gonna put my blue tape on it, and it's gonna come with us to Duane Street. [Narrator] Staging with Cheryl is not an easy task. All the homes she works on are staged from start to finish in only 12 days. That's why her custom art, furniture, and upholstery teams are so important. She can get exactly what she needs done quickly, all in-house. Cheryl: So I love this chair for the dining chairs. The only thing is this color's a little too light so I'm gonna make it gray in the upholstery room, and I'm gonna make these legs silver. So I'm here in the throw section. I wanna grab a really cool, textural throw for the living room. I'm gonna take these two: a cool and a warm. So here I'm looking for some cute, colorful pillows for the kids' rooms, which I love doing. They're so colorful. I'm gonna grab a couple for the girls' room and then one for the boys' room. So for us especially, since I work typically in neutral tones, tone on tone, I love to layer textures, and pillows and throws are perfect for that. I can do, like, a gray velvet sofa, then I can do, like, a textured pillow and a fur throw. And now I've got three sort of feelings in that space that really add warmth. I've got the sofas. I've got the dining chairs. I'm gonna go to the dining-table section. Let's go choose a dining table. So we need a huge table to fit in this place, 'cause it's huge. We're gonna have to make our own base, actually, because we don't have one that's big enough. And I'm gonna top that base with this amazing piece of glass, and I think that'll be perfect. So I'm looking for a round top, but I don't see the exact one I want, and I'd love a black glass top. So I think I'm gonna have one made, send it over, and that's gonna be our coffee table. [Narrator] Cheryl's staging strategy is to think about who the demographic buyer is and choose furnishings and decor pieces to show them how they can live in and use the space. Cheryl: So because we focus in the luxury space, most of the places really are sort of beautiful already. But they're not selling for whatever reason. You can't imagine how someone will live in the space. They can't get a sense of where you'd put your living room or, you know, how large it is for how much large furniture, how many you can accommodate for a dining space. So we tell that story. We think about who the demographic buyer is. Is it a family? Is it a bachelor? How are they gonna live in that space? And then we tell that story visually with the furnishings. And I do like a wooden stump kind of a thing to put next to the bathtub and put some towels on it and some soaps, just so it's, like, an organic moment. So these are all our side tables, which I love. And this guy has been with me for 25 years, this table. It's amazing. We still use it. Twenty-five years. So this is the lighting section, which is so important to staging because it really customizes the space. It adds ambient light, and it really makes a space feel authentic and different. Lighting can change a room [snaps fingers] like that. Now for this place, it's gigantic, so we need two huge fixtures. So here we are back in the accessories section. Now I'm gonna actually choose some pieces for this living room to add some color. And here we go. I think I want some blue and then a few things that'll sort of go with this. Now we're gonna go over to art and get some art. So here's where custom art is made. And it's amazing what they can do. Not only do they paint and do mixed media, but here's some photography prints that they print out on our giant printer, which is amazing, onto canvas. And this girl, I love. And April, do you think you can put pink on this to bring this, some color in this? And then we'll frame her and bring her over. All of these amazing oversized pieces of art are so important to our staging and our design, because it's impossible to get, like, a 12-foot piece of art in 12 days that's gonna be exactly what we're looking for to fill our giant walls and the spaces we design. And that really differentiates our design from other designers. You can always sort of tell an IMG place because the art is original, gigantic, oversized art, and it really fills the scale of a wall, and it makes a place look bigger. So now we're gonna leave art, and we're gonna go to the custom department, which does our upholstery. They create custom furnishings. And it's amazing because no one else does this. So if I want a coffee table that's shaped like a star, I do it in two days, because we've got every possible iteration of finishings, of wood. We make our own custom drapes, custom pillows, custom headboards. I mean, it's amazing what goes on here. So we didn't love the color of this really cool chair, so we're refinishing it in gray like we're gonna do to our dining-table chairs. [Narrator] Once everything is picked and tagged, the pieces are packed and loaded for the move-in. Cheryl: Here we are at Duane Street. We're on-site, and we're about to do this great room. So I'm gonna show you the design plan. So right over here, we're gonna do the giant dining table, with the chairs all over. Here, we're doing a giant rug. Cool comfy chair here, cool comfy chair here, facing this fireplace. Here, we're doing a huge sofa, another sofa facing it, and a cool triptych of coffee tables in the center to bring it all together. We're gonna move all the furniture in. All the rest of the rooms are done, and this is the last one to go, but you're gonna see how it gets done. And then I'm gonna give you the grand tour. All right, so here we are for the grand reveal. All right, I'm gonna show you the things that we chose in the warehouse that you might recognize. But here's the gorgeous finished grand space. I mean, it's amazing. If you'll notice, this sofa is the one we chose in the warehouse. The three coffee tables, which anchor the whole design. And the coffee-table base that's mirrored right there is the one that the fabricators made. We added a couple of pops of color, like blue, that you saw me choosing. And the rest we left really open and airy. And these chairs are the chairs that we made in the upholstery department. They used to be white with gold. And now they're perfectly gray and in the right color story. And now that you've seen the great room, I'm gonna show you the rest of the house. Come follow me. So here we are in the media room, right upstairs from the great room. It's got some pops of color but you can really chill out and relax in this room, and enjoy this gorgeous piece of art. Welcome to the master suite. It's very soft and luxurious. It makes you wanna, like, really jump in here and fall asleep. There's some tips and tricks we use in staging. It's somewhat formulaic. To add light, you add lighting. You also add mirrors across from a window because then it's twice as much light, twice as many windows, and it makes the place look larger as well. To add height, you use low-profile furnishings. It makes the ceilings look higher. You use floor-to-ceiling drapes, make the ceilings look higher. So here's the pillow we picked out for the girls' room. I'm just gonna place it here, casually, as a throw pillow on the floor to add a pop of color. So this is the final part of the story we're telling for the buyers, where they would come and relax in this library, have a glass of Champagne, and toast that we're gonna launch this apartment finally. [Narrator] So I bet at this point you're left with one last question: What happens to all the furniture and decor when the home is sold? Most of the time, they're sold fully furnished. And if they're not, the pieces go back to the warehouse and get a new life at a different staging.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertayers7013 [1 likes]: Investment corporate actualated in The strength inside the emulator of The FIRST íñtry too seat dividend in sent console 🍲🍯🍯®️🏆🩷
  2. @iwm4318 [1 likes]: BUT...CAN SHE COOK & CLEAN?
  3. @Irene-t7e: of all the home stagers Cheryl Eisen is the BEST  she works magic her work is well she makes the homes look etherial  dream like  always gorgeous
  4. @Hansa7122: . She's so useful
  5. @chipmunktubetop: It was HER fault that the property lost millions of dollars in the sale price!
  6. @runwayweekly: i love Cheryl Eisen.. i found her by looking at open house NYC i been following her /img  and on Instagram... she always do a great  job, one day i will hire her to do my Place.... great job Cheryl...  stay Amazing beautiful and Blessed... Michel
  7. @luisguillen7005: Are her pants too big or is it her belt that’s too big?
  8. @littlemonkeyone: Chateau Diaries is  where I saw your lovely painting.  I am also a Interior Design/Painter as well”
  9. @kalimistakidou9103: I imagine this job would be soon replaced by AI; virtual staging and virtual tours
  10. @darktealglasses: Who's gonna clean this house?
  11. @motionmuse5684: Yes a dream to just say I need to turned into silver and grey. This is my dream job for sure
  12. @motionmuse5684: Where do you get all the stuff?
  13. @darlenedunlap8066: Lol I was pretold a secret upon the internet before things were ok allowed regarding woman being used for sex my brand or servants that is not allowed in God house.7.5
  14. @darlenedunlap8066: She seems nice
  15. @darlenedunlap8066: Why why these serving other men no in her in it an ce there no foundation laid in that shit. Like Jersey said Kingdald more men in power or woman being used by them that will not surface he with us.3.5 ❤ when these stand before God who is with us these can not say it wasn’t the rignt thing to do
  16. @darlenedunlap8066: Very nice or in truth do I sell her for a dream life who works for who here I thought museums birth note read Boss.7.5
  17. @thenotsookayguy: 14 million and there's no top of the line Concert Grand Piano that'll be left unused for years and go out of tune and sound like a f*cking baroque instrument by the time it's even played.

I'm honestly surprised.
  18. @rshs.9234: I thought the staging furniture is temporary but if the buyre also bought it that means the furnitures is high quality too (or look like that).
  19. @stuffthings9618: My dad worked for alot of this "designers" . The people in the background grinding for full time are the real heroes. If theres anything Ive learned from my dad being in the garmet industry for 30 years is that the CEOs like this woman talking throughout the video are some of the most self absorbed people on the planet. Literal Devil Wears Prada level jerks. Yall really think she dresses like that everyday? Wearing heals in warehouse??? LOLOLOL. I can guarantee you shes only ever present when the client is shown the house. Notice they didn't interview the guy working on that chair or the chick making that beautiful painting.
  20. @MrMotherfuck123: Humanity is out of mind w their nut prices

- All the APARTMENT HUNTING TIPS you need.: Kind: captions Language: en hey baby girl you're looking for that home that special place that's going to leave you so happy that you never have another care in the world that's going to leave you finally living the life you always wanted to live I can't help you with that um I think it's a little unreasonable but what I can do is help you uh find an apartment that's going to be a pretty reasonably wonderful fit for who you are and for your life everybody wants to find their dream home right their forever home which is an annoying phrase to me but we all kind of want that that place where we're just like okay this this time when I move I want it to be good I want it to be really good but there are some major mistakes there's particularly one major mistake that like almost everybody makes when they're apartment hunting today we're going to talk about some traps some rental traps that you really want to avoid ways that you can negotiate a good deal the design features that I think are really great to look for and the design features that like don't matter stop stressing about it we're going to talk about the biggest mistake that almost Bic basically everybody makes and then I think at the end you guys sent me some apartments that you're considering renting and we're going to look at a couple of them we're going to break it down I'm just sharing facts here I'm going to share some facts I'm also going to share some rumors these are the tips to unlocking your dream apartment and securing your perfect home let's go AR what they I'm going to talk about apartments condos rentals but I think I think a lot of this also applies to when you're looking for a home to buy I've probably lived in like 12 different apartments in my life I lived in New York for almost a decade and I had to move Apartments so much I feel like I I I learned a lot by my mistakes and I have learned what actually matters when looking for an apartment I'm in a lovely apartment now in Washington DC the background of my camera won't light it up so can I just show it to you just show them the apartment dog wow stun but when I sit down the camera makes it dark so what are you going to do if you know things about cameras leave a comment let me know how to fix this cuz that's really annoying to me okay let's start with some hot Hot Tips now speaking of who you're renting from realy company you know private owner whatever there are some important things to know the thing about like a realy company a big like realy group they don't give a fart about you they do not care about you as a person if you're an amazing tenant for them they they don't care it really counts for nothing if they want to raise the rent they can get somebody else to fill it probably in a hot second tldr just remember these big corporations do not care if you live or die they might prefer that you die and if you die they're going to show up to collect rent for next month so just know that personally I would have a preference for renting from like a private owner it's much more likely that if you're just a good tenant they probably won't raise your rent that much long term obviously there's exceptions everywhere but you want to think about not just securing the single apartment but like how you can make it last long term I would have a preference for renting from like a private owner um apartment listings that are listed by owner and that's not always listed in the posting but you can usually tell cuz the photos posted will be less professional most likely they'll be slightly less professional like a little wonky in some cities they might even post those on Craigslist that's only certain cities but I know in New York it's very typical to find you have a lot better chance of having a positive relationship with a reasonable human when it's not a realy company can you go for the realy company of course you can these are just things to know don't yell at [Music] me okay I have more stuff to say about landlords and such and rent and all that but I want to talk about the apartments themselves for a moment the thing is when you're moving into a new home it's really easy to focus on everything that was wrong with the last place and it's really easy to take for granted all the things that were working for you that you maybe didn't even like clock they were working those things may be like I really like having light superficial interactions with neighbors I love never seeing anybody being near a grocery store or a park being able to hear noise from the street or never hearing noise from the street you got to get brutally brutally honest do that little like reverse engineering of the past places you lived and what actually worked and what would be horrible if you lost that feature and when you're looking at a listing there's going to be a very you know seductive wrap sheet where the realtor highlights the crown molding or the wall moldings or the wood floors or whatever and those things are really nice but let me tell you what for me if there's not enough windows and natural light and the building isn't like south facing I am going to be very depressed I need that natural light I need views of the outdoors I would walk into an apartment and pull out a compass like you can have a phone app compass to say like which way is this building facing I know there's maybe light in it now but how much light will there be later south facing windows are the gold standard but you can get a mix with East and West depending on the time of day for me personally it was also really important to not be like too too many floors up off of the street I found that if I am too separated from the street and the rest of the world society I want to end it all a lot of this just comes back to like figuring out what makes you depressed the key here is to get really brutally honest with a evaluating what actually makes you happy not just what people tell you is supposed to make you happy okay on the upside if you're looking to get a deal here are some things that helped me out number one you're going to have the most luck getting lower rent prices when you look in the off season in most cities that's going to be March April September October November and you might actually have room for negot negotiation as well I negotiated my rent I will share some tips do this wisely do it respectfully number one for the apartment I looked at I noted how long it had been posted it been sitting empty for like over a month and I knew there was probably room for me to reasonably ask if there is room for negotiation if you're going to negotiate figure out what you can offer your landlord one of the best things you can offer a landlord is a longer lease if you're down to do a longer lease that can benefit everybody I offered to do an 18-month lease in exchange for a rent price drop and my landlord went for it cuz this means for the landlord instead of 12 months that means that's 18 months for them that they don't have to worry about getting a new tenant and for me it means actually that my uh rent won't be raised after a year I have all the way till 18 months so when I emailed him to negotiate price be a kind person be a reasonable person bring something to the table the thing you might bring might be a longer lease I offered to paint the apartment myself cuz he was going to have it painted I offered to paint it myself so he didn't have to pay for that whatever you think your assets are to offer but to me the key takeaway here like I'm not a negotiating expert but you're going to have a long-term relationship with this person don't be a jerk be a reasonable person most people especially when it's the owner renting their private home they just want to find a good tenant like it's so hard people be crazy out here people are so crazy out here they just want to find a good tenant I have such a good relationship with my landlord now he lets me do things to the apartment we're chill he's invited me to come visit him in Kuwait if I am ever passing through so be a reasonable person it doesn't always mean you're going to get what you want but it's a pretty good tenant for moving through the world okay let's talk about some rent traps and I'm about to get angry I'm about to scream in here okay this is something that the big apartment buildings do especially new ones new apartment buildings and they're trying to fill up the units they're trying to hurry Scurry people in and this what they're going to do to you they're going to say this okay the unit the unit is 1,500 a month let's say but we're going to give you the first month free so it really is more like what's the math $ 1375 per month the rent is really more like 1375 and then you're like oh my God 1375 that's so much less than my budget of 1,500 I'm saving all this money blah blah blah amazing I'll take it and then the year lease ends and they bump up the rent by 5 to 10% not based on 1375 but by ,500 now we're up to ,650 okay now you can't even afford the rent and you're having to move again and guess what they don't care if you live or die so they'll say goodbye and you have to pay for for the cost of moving again and you have to find another apartment so they do this trick the rent's really it's a month free so the rent's really 0 it's not bad to take that deal but when you take that deal do not be telling yourself the rent is only 1375 or whatever because it's not you need to be make sure that you're prepared to budget for that full, 1500 because that's what's going it's going to be next year and actually it's it's definitely going to be higher than that next year so you don't want to get screwed over they're tricky tricksters the single biggest mistake that I see people making all the time at every age when they're looking for a new home whether it's an apartment a condo a house owning renting whatever is they don't take into account their own lifestyle what is your lifestyle and what are the components of that that are really important to your happiness you see people all the time moving way the heck out so that they can buy or rent this giant home with all the property and all the square footage and then they're so far away from their friends and community and you can make that work but it's also really hard to make it work when you've moved away from your friends and family so like I think we all know that just a a physical material thing doesn't make you happy the crown molding alone is not going to make you happy the square footage alone is not going to make you happy but then I see people moving and stranding themselves in the middle of nowhere away from their Community just to isolate themselves with like a material good all the time and it and it makes people so unhappy you can restart your life you can build a new community but know the price of that and know that it will take time this prioritizing of material Goods over lifestyle convenience commute time having friends nearby it's uh it is not a small trade so if you're going to do it make that decision consciously basically being brutally honest about your lifestyle I think there's things that we would all like to think that we like like to think we enjoy like I like to think that I hang out in parks by a fountain all the time I live by a park with a fountain I haven't been there that much it's a nice idea it's a nice idea but it doesn't really keep me warm at night what I do do all the time is walk to my gym walk to my grocery store actually I would say the grocery store is a little too far away annoyed about that Whole Foods in fact the way that I did my apartment hunting search was I didn't even look at apartments yet I went and I vetted all the coffee shops because I wanted a local coffee shop somewhere I could walk somewhere I could easily do work and a nice environment and so I actually vetted specific neighborhoods based on the coffee shop available cuz that is something I would routinely use and would significantly improve my lifestyle every day every week There's also lifestyle factors that are going to influence what kind of interior you like for example if you're working from home and you have to choose between like a lot of square footage in the bedroom versus a lot of square footage in the living room I might go smaller on the bedroom because you want to have as much space as possible to be working in during the day and not feel like you're going insane if there's only like one chair you could ever possibly work from people are going to get hurt people are going to get hurt people are going to get injured while you're working from home it's not not going to be nice it's not going to be a nice time so like what are the actual things that you're doing in your day don't get distracted speaking of moving into a new place my brother just recently moved into a new place which is it's going to be a temporary place and then shortly he'll be moving into his actual apartment but I would really love to do like hopefully I'll get to do like a apartment makeover with him or something but in the meantime he needed all the stuff that you need when you moved to a new place and we decided to work with Helix who is the sponsor of today's video and I'm going to tell you a a little bit about them okay okay sweet we're doing it dog Helix sleep is the king of Premium mattresses and you can customize to get a mattress that fits your need Luke has a lot of very unique needs and their mattresses are conveniently shipped to your door with free shipping in the United States mattress comes rolled up in a box it's easy to set up we also got the Irving uh bed frame in Walnut with an upholstered headboard and this bed required literally no tools to set up it was the easy was so much easier than anything I've ever built on my own they have a sleep quiz where you can get match with a mattress based on your body type your sleeping preferences whether you get really hot at night or cold or want a firm mattress or if you sleep with your dog Kota Luke took the quiz and he ended up getting the Helix Twilight Zone Lux in a king size and that one is the firmest memory foam model which I agree I love a firm mattress come fight me in the comments okay anyway Lucas's had it for a month now and he just texts me updates of how much he's loving his mattress all the time it's the funniest thing I've ever seen he says he can never go back Helix offers a 100 night sleep trial to test the mattress to make sure you love it and has a 10-year warranty they offer financing options flexible payment plans wowa go oned oh stuff as hell if you want to check it out I would visit helixsleep.com Caroline Winkler you can get 20% off your Helix mattress plus two free pillows I'm going to put a link in the description of this video and thank you so much to them for sponsoring this bed looking cute as heck family photo phot say hello come here very cute wowe wow okay I want to talk a bit about design what to look for with design it's just my opinion dog it's not the Bible but I'm going to say some things that I think are worth focusing with design and some things that I think you don't need to stress about okay and take it or leave it at your leisure we all want this pretty apartment and I ended up with a very pretty one with details that I like in crown molding and high ceilings and wood floors but I considered a lot of other apartments that were very very different I considered very modern apartments very new builds the design aspect is nice but even I know that the interior architecture of an apartment alone is not enough to like make your life good and make you happy and I'm someone who has an interior design YouTube channel the other kinds of Apartments I considered were super super modern ones the apartments that are like super crisp and clean and white and fresh new appliances Etc that would work for me as well because then what you do even if you're like me and you like a more you know historical feel to your space they are kind of like a blank canvas that you can apply your taste onto Rich woods and colors pop really nicely on a crisp clean white wall on a modern backdrop my friend Molly has done a great job she's a designer in DC this is my friend Molly's apartment she lives in DC in one of these very common apartment buildings that's super new super plain but she has applied her beautiful collected items on top of the style so don't freak out if you're in like a really modern plain space Molly is actually a talented designer if you want to reach out to her she runs MMC Interiors she accepts clients in the DC area but also remote projects all around the country she does room makeovers and particularly specializes in offering Sustainable Solutions that reuse and repurpose things you already have in order to redesign your home I'm going to put her Instagram and her website portfolio in the description of this video you should absolutely work with her I love her so even as a design fanatic I think it's can be a big mistake to prioritize just like flashy design features over prioritizing does this fit my lifestyle will I be connected to my community am I going to get depressed here there are middle grounds and I think it's worth considering other options okay I mentioned before a couple things to keep in mind which I call like anti-depressant measures is there natural light can I see a single plant but there's also some things that I would be wary of especially in big buildings there's these big new apartment buildings they're over all over most cities but especially in DC and they're all about the amenities the amenities and there's like this workspace and that workspace and this Cinema and that virtual golfers whatever they're selling you a lifestyle they're selling you a dream a vision of you being so communal meeting all these people all these hot young singles mingling everybody it's like a party it's like college dorms but for adults it's a slumber party and I considered moving into some of these apartments one was like one of my top ranking options before I moved in here but I noticed that all of the spaces all these common spaces they were always empty they were always empty when I saw them which doesn't mean that they're always empty but but if you don't see it when you're there it most likely won't just suddenly appear later there are exceptions I do know some people who have lived in these like young hip new buildings and genuinely met a community so of course it happens but I think it's really important to take in account like they are trying to sell you this lifestyle hard and usually when they are pushing all these amenities to you it means your rent is going towards amenities and it's not really going towards your unit your unit is like a shoe box your unit is a tiny astronaut pod and you can barely live in there and the whole point is that you really are just interested in the amenities but then no one actually uses them that much I think have some wise cynicism proceed with wise cynicism is what I'm going to say they're trying to sell you a dream they're trying to sell you a lifestyle if you don't see it there it's probably not going to appear out of nowhere unless you know you're in the offseason blah blah blah blah blah blah blah whatever you get it just be cynical I'm trying to raise some cynics out here let's look at some apartments yeah let's look at some things you sent me okay I like this apartment we've got lighter wood floors like fabricated wood fine with me they don't look horrible and I prefer Darkwood floors but tell you what Darkwood floors show all the dirt and all the dust so if you don't fancy yourself a duster Lightwood floors are the way to go nice big windows okay so this kitchen feels a little depressing to me there's no windows it's tiny it's outdated it's like a triple threat tiny no windows outdated M no windows in this living room dog that's a no for me no windows in the living room no windows in the living room that's the one thing I'll say if there's no windows in the living room the room from whence I'm living that's a no for me no windows in the living room not going to be a lot of living in there you know what I mean okay apartment number two let's look at this cute as heck I bu a tree ooh nice big Windows nice open space sweet so it's open concept I'm not turned on by open concept lots of people are that's fine but this is still so nice and open and Airy that I would I would still be considering it looks like a kind of less updated kitchen but not a deal breaker to me it really depends on the rest of the space bedroom super fun super cool it feels like we're in a treehouse love it great Windows great features ooh built-in wall of wardrobing yeah I like that teeny tiny bathroom but it's got the basics okay so this is an example where like I'm not that hot for an open concept but the bedroom's so great kitchen's great the space itself has lots of living room I'd be down so it's like you know don't hurt yourself don't make the job Harder by having too strict of a checklist determined ahead of time it's like the same with dating if you are searching really strictly by your checklist then you are limiting your living options or your dating options to things you can already conceive of and usually when you find the best apartment or the best person to love they're usually things you never even dreamed of so don't limit yourself to what you can Envision from the outset be flexible on those pieces great advice Caroline okay I hate those curtains obviously but that's not their fault that's a dingier kitchen but it could work it's a good size and there's a window so that's nice I'm going to tell you what I am kind of hating the yellow floors so that's like a personal preference to me where I'm like I don't really want to put anything on top of those yellow floors those yellow floors are very different to me than even this white floor or even um this like ashy floor a yellow like an orange yellow floor that is going to be the backdrop for all of your design then so for me who cares about design a lot I'm not loving this one this one would not be high my list but if it is so smack dab in the center of exactly where I need to be in town it's so close to my friends the price is just right those things might balance it personally though I have a weird thing about a yellow floor maybe put a big rug on it could be fine I mean I'm done it I've done it dog okay this is a great so far this list is great this is a really cool super open space all the windows not a super updated kitchen but that trade-off seems so worth it to me yeah the thing about an updated kitchen is like I don't really care it doesn't have to be the fanciest thing ever but it does suck when the space you're eating in feels dirty all the time so that's why it ranks lower for me but to have a room this open with all these lights all these windows that would be amazing it's kind of fun I like how this kids room comes like down the stairs a little bit these in bathroom the rest looks cool okay that's like a whole family's home I like it I'll take it I wonder if I can find anything horrific this is what I'm talking about with like a super clean super modern clean lines new appliances um type of place that I considered because this setup it's like so nice to use clean appliances it is um and I I sacrific that in my kit in my kitchen here it's a little dirtier it's a little grungier things feel dirty quite a bit but having a really clean line to clean space feels really nice and then it's really easy to layer your antiqu collected curated artistic colorful things on top of that and you could make this apartment feel really personal really curated by layering on top of it let's see what else we got okay this is cool so here it's like a yellowy floor but the Chevron floor and the big windows and the tall ceiling and the French doors are so cool it balances it out you know so it's like it's not like one feature you should say yes or no to but what is the overall feeling very clean modern Sleek kitchen ooh it's cool that there's a balcony but it's not cool that it feels like you're in a chicken cage that is upsetting to me like the benefit of having a balcony is to like hopefully help with my depression and yours this one's not doing it this one's encouraging the depression so beautiful love it cool kids bed beautiful insane holy cow look at that bathroom yeah we're moving in we're moving in but I'm never going to use that balcony that's just I think it's important to say that okay here's another guy I immediately like this a lot this kind of feels like we're on a ship with all these wood doors I mean looks very cool to me okay well this is the coolest apartment I've ever seen what I can't even can't even tell if that's a Chevron brick or if Chevron wood this is awesome spooky this has like a monastery feel to me this is really cool I about the windows looking out at that wall I love all this wood trim what is it called frame around the doors hell yeah where the hell is this I don't know I can't figure it out yeah we're moving in obviously I assume that's a million dollars but we're moving in oh here's a guy okay m I don't know the windows look out at a parking lot that kind of that kind of neutralizes the windows as an anti-depressant to me I don't know if I want to stare at a parking lot it's not the worst that green is an interesting choice that is a choice but like I don't know if you can see in here but there's like drips coming out of this air thing stinky tile stinky pipe this is kind of what like pre-war buildings feel to me a lot of the time where it's like there's no amount of cleaning that's going to make this Feel clean I've lived in those buildings plenty they can be great but just like know that's another Factor um that one's kind of creepy like somebody someone died here for sure but someone died in my bed and I sleep in that every night so it's not a fixed thing just like what am I saying know what you're looking at this is a cool thing this is a water company started by actually the people I used to work with when I was a software developer first of all can you see the design I love this like kind of old Americana retro' 60s '70s feel it's this water company called American Water they make canned Waters which I've never seen before but um that's the water I'm always drinking is the canned still and canned sparkling water this guy I'm always drinking this guy I love their mascot on the back I love them they're so cool they work with local artists and they partner with nonprofits so if you are tired of buying your water from a giant Corporation who doesn't care if you live or die and you want to support cool artists and nonprofits American Water I'm GNA add their information below where's my glass I just love this guy this is their mascot Clifton they're the best it's very cool company not sponsored not sponsored not sponsored not sponsored I am going to sell you one thing though I'm about to sell you something right now and it's not for me my page no my editor named Paige edited this video and oh my God she gets hounded all the time with people trying to hire her for to edit their video or to help her with the YouTube or whatever whatever and she's so flooded with requests that she does not have the time to take them on so she made a course a couple different modules that you can take uh to learn all about editing for YouTube what it's like to work with an editor what it's like as an Editor to work with a YouTuber if you're a YouTuber she provides like a list of resources of editors available to hire everything you need to know about pricing communicating coordinating documenting whatever all of it she made this resource for you and I love her she makes my life possible Paige is the person who edits half of my videos I edit the other half without her this channel wouldn't exist if you've been looking for an editor if you're an editor who wants to look work with a YouTuber if you're a YouTuber who wants to hire an editor or know when you should hire an editor or if you should check out her course I am going to link it every single scent goes to her none of this is not mine this is her baby I am in the course a little bit I'm Moonlight little Cameo talking about working together as a YouTuber and editor and how our process works stuff like that people have said it's genius and they're right good luck on your apartment hunt your dream home hunt if nothing else keep in mind patience get rid of that scarcity mindset here's one of the other big red flags as far as I'm concerned when uh whoever's trying to rent to you when they start really pressuring you on a timeline oh well we have to find out by this day we have to find out by tomorrow we have to find out in 24 hour we have to whatever that it's it's another like manipulation tactic that might be obvious to a lot of people but when you're a younger person maybe you're renting for the first time that doesn't feel that obvious anytime anyone's trying to get you to sign off on something and they're telling you there's some huge time crunch it's because they don't want you to look too closely at the details it's because they're worried you'll walk away you really don't want to react to that I'm trying to look out for your babies one of the things that can really screw you over and get you get you into a long-term bad situation is this idea that oh my God I have to take it because I'm being pressured and there's never going to be a next place take a breath there will always be a next place yes the apartment Hunt is hard and it's draining and you want to get it over with but you also want to move into a place confidently not rashly you don't want to be over your head with your rent prices take your time this happens to people every single day when they're looking for an apartment or they're putting an offer in on a home and it feels like this is the last good place but they always find another one there will be another one don't make a rash decision patience Zen whatever it's hard to do so okay I have to go that was terrifying I have to go bye aren't what they see so don't believe everything

  Top Comments:
  1. @Caroline_Winkler [42 likes]: Thank you Helix for sponsoring! Visit http://helixsleep.com/carolinewinkler to get 20% off your Helix mattress, plus two free pillows. Offers subject to change. #helixsleep
  2. @jumbolumps666 [1 likes]: "These rental corporations do not care about you." 💯💯💯 I had one raise my rent 34% during the pandemic. I moved, because how dare you. Now I've been in my current place for a few years, another one run by a company. They rented out the apartment across from me, identical to mine, for $900, because rents are going down all across the city. I just got my renewal offer. My reward for being a good tenant for years and always paying on time is that they're only allowing me to stay if I pay $400 more. Again, rents are going DOWN all over the city. They have nothing but the audacity. Going to look at half a dozen new apartments today. Glad I stumbled upon this video
  3. @bellamckendree [1 likes]: My private landlord shared a driveway with me and monitored me constantly.. it was so bad I had to leave. Other than that it was a great place
  4. @FUTUR3STEP: Excellent thank you.
  5. @ChicagoManIL7843: Natural hardwood floors turn yellow because of the sunlight. Can’t believe you didn’t know this!
  6. @parxfilms2548: I need a video specifically for decorating and organizing tiny spaces! I feel stuck in my small space but I don't need more space, I need more efficient use of my space.
  7. @listen7634: Not moving way out is a big one. I got a really affordable place in the sticks but got tired of it after 8 months or so. It was difficult to get friends and family out. Gas added up  quickly since I liked going to the gym. Now looking for a place in town even if it’s double the cost
  8. @karson_haidi: 10:08 I almost fell for this and tried to get a bigger place (2 bedrooms or something) but then I rememberes that I feel like I'm haunting my one bedroom apartment because it feels too big for just me and that feeling will get worse in a bigger place. Now I'm waiting for closing on a small one bedroom in a great area!
  9. @lbrando9221: this video is fantastic!
  10. @vh6772: 18:20 I work for a property management company, and a lot of our communities who utilize those spaces are usually using them late in the evening (7pm-9pm). If you're touring during normal working hours you'll likely never see people in them because people are working. If you want to know if the community you're looking at is actually a community you can check out their social media pages for what events they hold! They will be blasting those events on social media
  11. @clorofemully: The chicken cage balcony at 25:00 is great for a cat!
  12. @emmawilding9484: Realty companies are at least somewhat professional though cause they’ll outsource most of the communication with the tenants, if you rent from a private owner you’re on your own even if they’re completely psychopathic
  13. @Gregtheleegend: Really helpful tips things I didn’t know any of this things that’s good to know
  14. @girlajustim: ur so hot 💕also u give me jennifer aniston vibes
  15. @Mayom_101: U cool , I like you
  16. @benpauling2979: “Wow that crazy that she lives by a planet fitness and Jewel just like me” *realizes it’s A. A random selection on her part B. Literally my neighborhood*😂
  17. @malemaline: I just had a landlord in Vietnam steal my deposit. I rented from her because she had lived in the uS and is married to American. I was expecting her to be more ethical. I'm back in the US now and not sure where to settle down.
  18. @user-ue5kt1tj7i: Can someone explain why she put emphasis on south facing windows? Wouldn’t it be the same amount of light if the windows are facing north? Also, the sun sets and rises in the opposite direction so why south facing over east facing?
  19. @BCass-x4j: She’s hot
  20. @ttspy03: THANKS im in canada but I believe this could apply / I can see the currency exchange . are yall in england?

- Prefabricated and Eco-Friendly: The No Footprint House in Costa Rica: Kind: captions Language: en [music] Heat. Heat. [music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [music]

- Ecological Footprints: How Your Daily Life Shapes the Planet: Kind: captions Language: en Our planet. A blue oasis in the vastness of space. A world teeming with life from the smallest insects to the largest whales. A delicate balance. A web of interconnected ecosystems. But this precious balance is under threat. And the cause is us humans. We are consuming resources at an unsustainable rate. Our actions leaving a mark on the environment. This mark, the measure of our impact, is our ecological footprint. It's time to understand this footprint and take steps to lighten our tread on this planet we call [Music] home. Imagine the Earth's resources as a giant cake. Each person gets a slice, but some take much larger portions. That's what an ecological footprint represents. The amount of land and resources needed to support our lifestyle. It considers everything we consume and the waste we generate. From the food we eat to the clothes we wear, every choice contributes to our footprint. The larger the footprint, the greater the impact on our planet. Every day we make choices that impact our planet. Driving a car, for instance, consumes fossil fuels and releases greenhouse gases. Choosing a plant-based meal over a meat-heavy diet reduces the land and water needed for livestock. Our homes too play a role. Energy efficient appliances and reducing water consumption all make a difference. Even small changes in our daily routines can add up to a significant reduction in our collective footprint. The future of our planet depends on our actions today. We must recognize the impact of our choices and embrace a more sustainable way of life. This means consuming less, wasting less, and making conscious decisions that benefit both people and the planet. It's about choosing renewable energy sources, supporting sustainable businesses, and advocating for policies that protect our environment. Every step we take towards a smaller footprint is a step towards a healthier planet. Together, we can make a difference. Let's tread lightly and ensure a brighter future for generations to come.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheGlitch6969: keep it up

- Carbon Footprint | Benifits | Reduction | short note | Ecology | Environment | EVS: Kind: captions Language: en Hello students, today we will study about carbon footprint, so I hope you are ready with your pen and paper, so without wasting much time, let us start this video. Now, to understand what is carbon footprint, I have made a foot print here. To understand this, carbon footprint is a measurement that tells us that whatever our activities are, whether it is a direct activity or an indirect activity, what is the amount of carbon that is being released due to that activity, what is the amount of greenhouse gases that are being released, which greenhouse gases are methane, CFC, PFC, NO2, SF6, so how much CO2 is being created due to our day to day activities and how much greenhouse is being created and what is the effect on the environment due to that, we will call it carbon footprint. Now, our activities are direct as well as indirect. Which direct activity has been created in making this carbon footprint, for example, if we burn some garbage inside the house, then what is the impact of that What will happen due to combustion? CO2 will be released, which means carbon will increase, methane and all these greenhouse gases will also be released, which means our carbon footprint will increase. What could be our indirect activity, like if we buy some books from the market, now trees are cut to make books, okay, to make paper, so due to that some carbon footprint of ours will be created, like if we are going from one place to another in a bus or train, then the gases in the bus and train get combusted, so due to that also our carbon footprint will increase. There are total two types of carbon footprint, the first type is primary footprint, primary footprint means a source which directly emits, like cars and planes which directly emit carbon dioxide, greenhouse gases, and they increase the footprint of carbon, they impact the environment, climate change happens, the second is secondary footprint, secondary footprint means what is indirect emission, indirect emission means what is with the help of bus or car As we are going from one place to another, due to which combustion of fuel will take place and carbon will be formed and because of that greenhouse gases will also be released due to which the carbon footprint will keep increasing. Now this carbon footprint can be of an individual or it can be of an entire organization. If we know how much CO2 we are producing, how much greenhouse gases we are producing, then what is its benefit? If we know that the carbon footprint is so much, then we can think about how to reduce it. And if we have to minimize the carbon footprint, then for that we will have to grow a lot of trees and plants, due to which what the trees and plants will do is they will absorb the carbon, due to which the carbon footprint will reduce, due to which the impact on the environment will reduce and due to which climate change will reduce a little. Now you must have understood all these things, now let us see how to write it. So here first of all I have written what is carbon footprint, which we have already seen. What is carbon footprint, that is, it tells a measurement of what, our activities, whether direct or indirect, it tells how much carbon dioxide is being emitted due to all these activities and how many greenhouse gases are being emitted, this measurement tells the next definition of carbon footprint, what is the carbon footprint, what impact is being made on the environment due to our activities, for example, the carbon footprint of climate change tells a measurement, now if we consider 1000 kg of carbon dioxide, then it contains 270 kg of carbon, let's move ahead, as we know there are two types of carbon footprint, first is primary footprint and second is secondary footprint, primary footprint means what is the direct measure, how much CO2 is being emitted, okay, from the combustion of our fuel, petrol, diesel, and we can control this primary footprint, okay and the second one is secondary footprint, secondary Footprint means that it measures our indirect activities. For example, if we have considered an organization, the amount of electricity used within the organization is 37. Now, to generate electricity, we will have to burn coal. What will happen during the burning of coal? CO2 gas will be released, that is, greenhouse gases. Okay, that means the carbon footprint will increase, so this much contribution will be made. In the organization, we use refrigerators or ACs, they contain CFCs. Now, what happens to CFCs, that is, greenhouse gases. CFCs can also leak, so due to that, the carbon footprint can increase. Next, there is 5 purpose waste in the company, so when we burn it, CO2 will be released from it, the carbon footprint will increase. 23 But business travel means that if we have to travel from one place to another for company work, then we will use trains, buses, planes, and there will be personal vehicles inside them, that means the company itself will also have some vehicles, carbon will be released from that too and 19 purpose gases. They use it extra to heat some boilers for their chemical processes, so in this way the carbon footprint increases. Let us move ahead from indirect activities, if we know the carbon footprint then what is its advantage, what is its benefit, so if we calculate the carbon footprint of any organization, then what can we do with its help, how much CO2 emission can we reduce with its help, we will be able to reduce it if we know, and due to this we will be able to manage the environment well and we will also be able to manage the energy we are using well, what is the next use, what does the carbon footprint tell us, it tells us how much waste and inert material is there in our industry or company, it will be written here in the energy form, it tells us in the energy form, okay, due to which we can manage the energy, we can reduce the carbon footprint and this carbon footprint tells us that the emissions What is its quality, that is, how much CO2 is released when it burns inside the combustion of the emission, if we know this then we can reduce CO2 and this carbon footprint tells us which activities contribute how much CO2 and which activity has the highest carbon footprint, so we will reduce those activities and reduce the carbon footprint and we will be able to reduce climate change a little bit, last is how can we reduce the carbon footprint, so if we want to reduce the carbon footprint then we will have to grow as many trees and plants as possible because trees and plants are the simplest and most common way of growing them, by doing which the carbon footprint will be reduced, okay now what will the trees and plants do, they will absorb CO2 from the atmosphere, hence the carbon footprint will be reduced, next what is that if we recycle any thing which is waste, if we burn it then what will happen, carbon will be released Green house gases will be released and the footprint will increase, so what will we do? We will recycle the waste. Next, if we want to reduce the carbon footprint, we will use wind energy and solar energy, due to which carbon will be released, otherwise the footprint will be reduced. Next, we should fill the tyres of our vehicles properly with air. What will happen if there is less air? There will be more friction between the road and the tyre. If there is more friction, then the fuel will be used more. There will be more combustion. If it burns, then more CO2 will be released, so the fuel pressure will increase. So what will we do? We will fill the air properly, due to which less fuel will be used. Next, we should prefer to walk instead of using cars and vehicles. We should do tele-conferencing. Tele- conferencing means that if we have to discuss something related to the company in some other country, then we will talk on the phone, not by going there. What will happen if we go there, we will use planes, trains, and again the carbon footprint will increase. Okay, so after writing till here, in the exam. We will get full marks and in the next video we will see about CDA so till then read hard work hard thank you very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cosmicblow00 [10 likes]: Watching an hour before my exam😂
  2. @babybell4943 [4 likes]: Sir in sabhi ppt ki pdf ki link description me de do....jaldi upload karna or siff like mat karna update karna
  3. @जाट_फौज [3 likes]: Pen &Paper ,,,Read hard, Work hard, Learn Hard ,, Very motivational dialogue sir ❤💯🧎
  4. @Shorts-iv2zk [3 likes]: sir aapke notes ka data and knowledge...cross check kr ke daaliye... so that students ko confusion naah ho
  5. @NisargRana-k5j [2 likes]: I like your Teaching pattern 😊
  6. @VihaanKumar-b2e [1 likes]: sir aap bahut acche ho  ho love you sirji
  7. @moonlight-bt2vt [1 likes]: Kal exam h😂
  8. @BibhuPrasad-s9q: Sir your teaching skills is amazing
  9. @MotivationLelo-i3m: Needs improvement
  10. @santanumondal8469: For which class?
  11. @manashvisingh271: Very well explained ❤
  12. @AnkitAtom: Spectacular analysis by u sir❤❤❤
  13. @sunidhigupta497: All vedio are very nice sir❤🙏
  14. @ifra4152: Thank you so much sir ❤😊

- How do buildings affect the environment: Kind: captions Language: en How do buildings affect the environment? Buildings have a big impact on the environment. The construction and renovation of buildings uses precious natural resources. Then, when in use, buildings are responsible for a significant proportion of all our carbon dioxide emissions. Energy used in the construction and use of our homes and other buildings accounts for around half of the UK's total carbon dioxide emissions. Under the Climate Change Act 2008, we have a legally binding target to reduce these emissions by at least 80% by 2050. Globally, it's a similar picture. Buildings account for around 35% of resources, 40% of energy use, consume 12% of the world's drinkable water, and produce almost 40% of global carbon dioxide emissions. So, what can we do? Producers of building materials like us can ensure this is done in ways so as not to adversely affect the environment. We believe we've performed one of the largest number of life cycle analysis in the UK on our product range. These environmental product declarations, or EPDs, show how our products have been made in a sustainable way, minimizing energy usage, and helping to protect the environment. In addition, many of the products and solutions we produce then go on to help minimize energy use in the buildings that have been built or renovated. Poorly designed and constructed buildings use more energy, increasing the demand on energy production, and contributing to global warming. Reducing energy use in buildings is one of the most important ways to reduce humans' overall environmental impact.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sofiamarino6847 [41 likes]: Am I the only one here because they are having trouble with school work?
  2. @DarrenVelSatis [9 likes]: it was a bit too general, give specific examples
  3. @shivakoliar4846 [3 likes]: If population of the world was less then we dont need buildings. Everything could be just ground floor and we would need simple things to build homes which wont be a problem for the environment.
  4. @anewr [1 likes]: Good introduction.  Thanks for sharing.
  5. @sabrinamaracle6660 [1 likes]: Im here for school work lol
  6. @abeed_yt [1 likes]: i am haveing school pro b this helps a lot
  7. @adaezenjoku8760 [1 likes]: It’s a great way to learn!👧🏾
  8. @SEBASTIANANDRESSUAREZGARCIA: chevere
  9. @eleni33koro88: There's no such thing as buildings with no environmental impact. They can only have less of an impact. Even if a building were only built and not used, the development alone is reducing habitat for wildlife and green areas for people.
  10. @andresfigueroa6617: Hi again
  11. @andresfigueroa6617: 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢 WHY DO I HAVE TO WATCH THIS 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁🙁☹️☹️☹️☹️😡😡😡😡😩😩😩😩😩😠😠😠😠😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😑😦😦😑😑😑😦😦😦😦😴😴😴😴😴😴🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱💩💩💩💩💩💩💩👾💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
  12. @kodiakcrabbe5684: 12% hail southern
  13. @sauly_aep: Oui oui moi je chie la
  14. @dyanaalshibani4957: I want to use your study of Buildings account (35% of resources, 40% of energy use, consume 12% of the world’s drinkable water, and produce almost 40% of global carbon emissions) in my research paper but I can not find this report in the website that you have mentioned.  can I have some help, please?
  15. @abugti6350: Yes me too
  16. @lizethzamora3691: Sate sate sate
  17. @marcelmolenaar5684: Dark  Surfaces

- Ecological footprint: How Many Planets Do We Need in 2026?: Kind: captions Language: en Hi Alex here! What is our ecological&nbsp; footprint? Today I am going to use&nbsp;&nbsp; illustrations to explain what it is and how&nbsp; we fit on pour planet. So, let’s get drawing! This is what we need to provide the resources&nbsp; we use and to absorb the waste we produce: 1.5&nbsp;&nbsp; planets. That means that it takes about a year and&nbsp; a half for our planet to regenerate what we use in&nbsp;&nbsp; a year. The Global Footprint Network calculates&nbsp; every year Earth Overshoot Day and in 2013 it was&nbsp;&nbsp; on August 19th: that was the day when we finished&nbsp; using our resources for the year. Think about it&nbsp;&nbsp; as a bank account: for the first 7 months and 20&nbsp; days we lived on our annual revenue. After that,&nbsp;&nbsp; we spent our capital. Humm. Seems like&nbsp; there is something wrong with that math… Our ecological footprint measures how much&nbsp; land and water area we need to produce the&nbsp;&nbsp; resources we use (things like energy,&nbsp; food, land for settlements, timber,&nbsp;&nbsp; seafood) and to absorb the waste we generate.&nbsp; Our biocapacity is the amount of biologically&nbsp;&nbsp; productive area available to provide the resources&nbsp; we use and to absorb our waste. So we can compare&nbsp;&nbsp; footprint and biocapacity to see if we are well&nbsp; balanced or not. Let’s dig into that a little… I live in Canada. Our ecological footprint in&nbsp; 2007 (published in 2010) was 7.01 meaning that&nbsp;&nbsp; to provide what we consume every year, we need&nbsp; 7.01 global hectares per person (gha/pers). But&nbsp;&nbsp; we live in a huge country and our biocapacity&nbsp; was actually 14.92 gha/pers so if we do the&nbsp;&nbsp; math 14.92-7.01=7.91 so technically we are an&nbsp; “ecological creditor” country. Does that mean&nbsp;&nbsp; that it is okay to consume as much as we do? Well,&nbsp; not really. If the whole world lived like us,&nbsp;&nbsp; we would need more than 4 planets to provide&nbsp; the resources we use and to absorb our waste,&nbsp;&nbsp; because not every nation has so much land, such&nbsp; huge forests and so many other natural resources. The USA has a footprint of 8 and a&nbsp; biocapacity of 3.87, so 3.87-8=-4.13:&nbsp;&nbsp; they are a big “ecological debtor” country. This&nbsp; is actually the case of most developed countries. Among the smaller footprints is the Democratic&nbsp; Republic of the Congo with 0.75. Although it&nbsp;&nbsp; is not an economically rich country at&nbsp; all, it has a biocapacity of 2.76 so you&nbsp;&nbsp; see that it is also an ecological&nbsp; creditor country (2.76-0.75=2.01). The Global Footprint Network published the&nbsp; footprint in low-, middle- and high-income&nbsp;&nbsp; countries between 1961 and 2008. Here&nbsp; is the world’s average biocapacity.&nbsp;&nbsp; What do you notice? It’s systematically&nbsp; decreasing. So the story basically reads,&nbsp;&nbsp; the wealthier people are, the bigger&nbsp; their footprint. When we can afford it,&nbsp;&nbsp; it’s hard to resist I guess! This is confirmed&nbsp; by the fact that 17% of the world’s population&nbsp;&nbsp; consumes 80% of the world’s resources. So the main&nbsp; problem is not the absolute lack of resources;&nbsp;&nbsp; it is the fact that our global consumption&nbsp; is extremely uneven and inefficient. These were footprints for Nations but you can also&nbsp; measure the ecological footprint of an individual,&nbsp;&nbsp; a city, a business or all of humanity to assess&nbsp; our pressure on the planet. I calculated my own&nbsp;&nbsp; personal footprint on the Global Footprint&nbsp; Network website and it is around 5.5. Why is&nbsp;&nbsp; it significantly less than Canada’s footprint&nbsp; of 7? Well, mostly thanks to my lifestyle:&nbsp;&nbsp; I rarely eat meat, drive very little,&nbsp; live in a highly energy efficient house,&nbsp;&nbsp; and so on. You can go and calculate your&nbsp; own if you like, I included the link below. The Ecological Footprint is a really useful way&nbsp; of understanding our relationship to the planet,&nbsp;&nbsp; and how the ways in which we live&nbsp; impact our ability to survive and&nbsp;&nbsp; thrive as a race over time. Try&nbsp; it – you may find it interesting! As usual here are the key points to keep in mind:&nbsp; Humanity uses more resources&nbsp; than the Earth provides.&nbsp; The main problem is not the absolute lack&nbsp; of resources; it is the fact that our global&nbsp;&nbsp; consumption is unevenly distributed and favours&nbsp; only a few. It’s also extremely inefficient.&nbsp; Ecological footprint is a great tool&nbsp; to assess the pressure we put on the&nbsp;&nbsp; planet. It helps us keep the big picture&nbsp; in mind and not get lost in the details. In the next video, we will use the&nbsp; ecological footprint combined with&nbsp;&nbsp; a few other things to create a&nbsp; powerful metaphor describing our&nbsp;&nbsp; sustainability challenges. So stay&nbsp; tuned and thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @learnsustainability [11 likes]: If you found this video useful, please subscribe http://alturl.com/jc8u6 and leave us a comment below 😀
  2. @chickenbox001 [4 likes]: Im here in 2026!!
  3. @valeriarapp3542 [3 likes]: i cant believe this was a decade ago!! i really hope we wisen up soon :(
  4. @eva-old-songs [2 likes]: LOL I had a job as database manager at a medicine company, as a programmer, it was yes, lot´s of money. I couln´t stand for it! It´s time we start to change ourselves. Where are you at your life? I´m allways studying, all the time, I´ve got a lot´s of nice titles. From university in Malmö, and, so on: So I guess at my state of awareness, I´m good at studying. So now I´m so into ecological engineer program 4 sustainability, in an university in Sweden.  Everybody can do something out of their state of mind, or change the negative chains, and psykological prisons. You rock! ! ! ! ! ! !
  5. @azmirakhatun4954 [1 likes]: i am not leaving eating meat ! it is my lifelline....🥲🥲
  6. @shiraMavet [1 likes]: Soy un dinosaurio y me llamo Anacleto
Por cosas del destino no morí en la glaciación
Mis amigos se extinguieron, me dejaron solo
Y tuve que resignarme a esta situación
Me aburría mucho porque no tenía parientes
Nadie conocido con quien salir a jugar
Tuve que inventarme amigos para entretenerme
Sentarme frente al espejo para conversar
  7. @rahul1234-n1i [1 likes]: 🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩🚩indian
  8. @jan5504 [1 likes]: Why you explained this like it's nothing? Im having a hard time making my presentation. but thanks to you I understand properly how i'm going to deliver this presentation on my classmates.
  9. @aarthikannadoss1229 [1 likes]: Way ahead of time!!
This page deserves more attention
  10. @swaaaa11 [1 likes]: Ur great 🙂👌🏻👍🏼 nice video👍🏼
  11. @sonolamoyo6478 [1 likes]: What gets eaten up in the ecosystem, for compensation, in cases of ecological debtation. I mean what are the adverse effect.
  12. @School2025crsh: hate this video i dont understand it and im in biology. (gonna fail this)
  13. @zhaqqqq: was studying for a pilot aptitude test when a question involving global hectars per person showed up. didnt know what it is and watched this video. very interesting knowledge.
  14. @vivayo4588: Great work, thank you for sharing.
  15. @Enviro1: Awesome video
I really liked it! I"m sharing it with my environmental club(I'm the president)
  16. @Robert-dx7rj: I have never heard that much Bull#!lhit in one place in my life.  It is right up there Jan. 6 committee and the two fake impeachments
  17. @בעזפרחי-ו4ט: if 4 people  have tow fish  a day diet and  one  have 7 fish a day diet  you will not save the lake by making them all eat 3 fish a day right ? why bringing leftist views on this important subject that  should be taking seriously ? such a shame
  18. @thijswauters4920: great video and great explanation! keep the good work going! <3
  19. @kayak1613: We fit as well as every other animal.
  20. @scotdesmarais: 🤣😂

- HOW DO I BUY A SECOND HOME? | MORTGAGES FOR SECOND HOMES: Kind: captions Language: en how do i buy a second home have you ever thought about buying a second home or a vacation home if you have then this video is for you today we're talking about getting a mortgage for a second home and i'm even going to do a deep dive into some of the numbers if he came to me and said kelly i want to get a second home and i need a mortgage the first thing i would ask you is is this a vacation home is this going to be an investment property because how the loan is classified is going to be crucial and important to the overall strategy of the home loan if the home is truly going to be a vacation home then the loan can be structured as a second dairy home and or vacation home it's kind of one and the same from a lending classification now sometimes i will talk to people and they'll say well i don't have a primary residence so maybe they live out of state and they don't necessarily actually own a home in that state maybe they're renting from a lending standpoint we're still calling this a secondary residence in the sense that it's not the borrower's primary residence so secondary residence second home vacation home it's all the same type of classification from a lending standpoint when you're purchasing a second home you can do as low as 10 percent down on a conventional loan so with 10 percent down that means you are going to be paying mortgage insurance but that is the lowest down payment with regard on a second home the key with the second home this is where it starts to get gray i have so many people especially here in arizona that live all across the nation and they want to purchase a home here in arizona and maybe they're gonna come you know 30 60 90 120 days out of the whole year in the other parts of the year when they're not actually here vacationing or visiting arizona they want to be able to rent the home out this is really important the second home writer which means it's actually a document that's in your closing packet of all of the loan documents you're going to sign it's going to specifically tell you what you can do with this home and what you're committing to by signing the form and this is important because if you have different intentions that aren't in line with what you're going to sign on the second home rider then you want to be sure you're talking to your mortgage lender so the strategy the correct classification can be done up front we don't want any surprises at the close of escrow so here's what the actual second home writer says with regard to your obligation borrower will occupy and use the property as borrower's second home borrower will maintain exclusive control over the occupancy of the property that's key including short-term rentals and will not subject the property to any time-sharing or other shared ownership arrangement or to any rental pool or agreement that requires the borrower either to rent the property or give a management firm or any other person or entity any control over the occupancy or use of the property borrower will keep the property available primarily as a residence for borrowers personal use and enjoyment for at least one year after the date of this second home rider so what that's really saying is that can you do airbnb if you're purchasing a second home and you're using a second home loan property classification it's telling you that you can but you have to retain control over the property so you can't turn around and rent it into some type of management company or have a management company rent it you can do short-term airbnb type of stuff but you can't put a long-term tenant in the property that's essentially what this is saying so if that works for your purpose and you absolutely are good with coming out and visiting and staying in the home as a vacation home and then when you're not here you're doing some short-term rentals that's fine but know that this is what the writer says and this is what you're going to sign at close of escrow now if that is not your intent and you are saying well at some point in the future i might use that home either as a primary residence or a second home but initially my intent will be to put a long-term tenant in the property then that would be an investment property classification which means that the lending criteria and the lending strategy is completely different so an investment property will allow you to essentially rent it out so you can put a long-term tenant in the property and from a down payment and an interest rate standpoint the terms are different so it is important to kind of know that each classification from a lending standpoint is going to drive the terms of the loan and what you're allowed to do with the property so getting clarification around this up front and having these conversations in my opinion at the very beginning making sure that you're crystal clear and what your intent is so your loan officer can help give you guidance on the right strategy so there are no surprises as you move through the home loan process so this particular total cost analysis is actually showing two different things we're showing a 10 down second home as a single family residence a 10 down second home condominium property classification as well as a 20 percent down investment property single family residence and a 20 down investment property condo the reason that i'm showing the difference in the dwelling type is that condominiums have a whole different lending approach so many times we will see higher interest rates on condominiums not a lot but they are slightly higher so we do want to show the higher interest rate and or cost that may be associated with the scenario together with homeowner associations on condominiums many times we'll have upfront dues so we do try to project that into the total cost analysis out of the gate to give clarity around expected cash to close numbers so in this scenario you're going to see that on a 300 dollar purchase price if the property is being purchased as a second home no matter whether it's a single-family residence or a condominium the borrower can put as low as 10 down but once we move over to an investment property you can actually do as low as 15 down on investment properties but that mortgage insurance gets pretty expensive so in most cases investors that are purchasing real estate as investment properties are generally putting 25 percent or more down so in this scenario we're showing the 20 down you're going to see the difference in interest rate and this is really key i mean it's almost a point to a point 3 8 higher depending on the scenario and the day between a second home property classification as well as a investment property classification so that's how it pans out this scenario is also going to show the estimated payment together with the estimated funds to close so depending on the scenario again and what your ultimate goal is i think having the conversation up front is critical to your success once you determine which route you want to go you'll want to reach out to an experienced mortgage lender to get pre-qualified and get started on your journey to buy a second home or investment property if you have questions comment below and please take a moment to subscribe to this channel i have a true passion for home loan education so be sure to subscribe so you can make educated buying decisions until next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @MortgageHowDoI [4 likes]: Want to see if you qualify for a mortgage? ➡Schedule ☎ https://bit.ly/3wERfRV  a FREE Mortgage chat with a Kelly Zitlow Group team member today! 📞OR call / text 480-725-0150
  2. @miriamthompson4661 [4 likes]: Pay off first to home before buying a second...it's possible I did it in 22 year
  3. @ashleywebster9830 [3 likes]: We just bought our primary residence but in 5 years would like to purchase a vacation home. We are both teachers and don’t make a ton of money but we want to be smart with what we have! What’s the best thing we can do now to prepare to purchase another home in 5 years?
  4. @realministry7778 [2 likes]: I'm renting my home but forgot to tell my mortgage company. I have been renting it since September of 2024. Will i get find!!
  5. @2peter1v2 [2 likes]: Assuming you own, or have mostly paid off your current home, take out a home equity line of credit for a much as you can, and buy the 2nd home with that. You're borrowing from yourself, so you skip a lot of hoops the banks put you through. We did it, and we've owned the house for 13 years. Just gave it to our daughter.
  6. @KosherFinance [1 likes]: Oy vey!
  7. @sonertokkusgil1661 [1 likes]: Hi there 
If I use the second home as primary residence do I have to rent it out first one right before buy the second one or how does it work to lower my debt income ratio
  8. @DowneyPools-sb1tw: What about teardown house in Texas at 100k ?????
  9. @TurelliTwoSaints: Figner
  10. @CGMDaily: so can family live in the house
  11. @givethanks29: Shhh just gotta new boss lmao
  12. @zizoumonk10: Rice and beans. Beans and rice. No mortgage. Pay cash.
  13. @edleclair2072: THANK YOU FOR PUTTING OUT THIS INFO.VERY HELPFUL.
  14. @mrsshelton226: What if you already own a home but plan to buy the home your mom lives in when she passes away. The plan is to buy the house and give my siblings a share of the proceeds. This is to avoid selling it to strangers. I want to keep the house in the family (I have an emotional attachment).  Can I do this?
  15. @decoherence926: Funny, I can't find a lender that will do a vacation property with less than 20% down and most require 25%.
  16. @reffangeable: This is such valuable information !, thank you so much!
  17. @fortunatopires: I like your idea so much on YouTube video right now
  18. @Easyservice-x8q: Many things can be done in life if you take your advice
  19. @basehead617: what about if you want to have a management company manage it as an airbnb?
  20. @aldocastillo009: Who wants to have a vacation home in Arizona? 😂…lies…

- How I Financed My First Two HOME BUILDS!! (WITHOUT A CONSTRUCTION LOAN): Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to my channel in this video I'm going to be breaking down exactly how I financed these two home builds which are now my first two rental properties stay tuned okay so whenever you plan to build a house or build a building or any other kind of structure in real estate you have two main options for financing that bill you can either use your own cash and your own personal resources or the second option is you can get a loan from either a bank or a private investor or some kind of other lender to build that house this home build I use cash in my own personal resources and I did that for a couple reasons first I will say if you get a construction loan there's going to be time that it takes to close on that loan so typically about 30 to 45 days and I move very swiftly throughout these two home builds and I did not want to waste time on including a bank so there's one reason secondly is it is a bit of a headache to get approved and to go through that approval process and submit all the documentation and all the information that they need as well as there communication throughout the building process where you have to request money from the bank that is a headache that I did not want to deal with on my first two own builds next is it cost money through interest and fees and that is something that I did not want to take on as well I did not want to have to pay to get a loan if I had the resources available to myself to be able to build it so those are the main reasons that I did not get a construction loan on my first two home builds but I will even go to say that even if I wanted a construction loan I probably could not have gotten it because most lenders want to see some kind of completed portfolio of completed houses that show that you are qualified to be a home builder and build houses here in Texas so even if I wanted a construction loan on the F these first two houses I probably couldn't have got it but that kind of even goes into more of the reason that I decided to build these houses because I know that building homes and building buildings in the future is something that I do want to do and I want to build big real estate Investments and in order to do that I have to partner with bank and I couldn't partner with the bank if I didn't have a portfolio of completed projects that's why I was like okay I'll go ahead and buy the bullet build these first two houses with my own personal resources and have that completed portfolio of projects to then once I have them finished bring it to a bank and say okay now I've built these houses I know how to build a house will you give me money to complete this whatever my next Real Estate Investment may be those are all kind of reasons that go into play on why I chose to finance this home build using cash and credit card okay so here's an Excel sheet that I put together prior to starting the build that way I would be able to track the cost of each line item that went into the build so I have it named the cost tracker here on the left I have each individual line item that went into completing this home build everything from the lot Purchase cost down through the foundational cost then the framing all the way down to the total here on the right I have the total column and this column lists the price that goes with each corresponding line item sock purchase $27,000 architect and Engineering plans $8,100 rendering $500 and so on then you'll notice there are four more columns one is the cash column these columns name what payment method I utilize to pay for that specific line item so here we have lot Purchase cost cash $27,000 next we have the chase Inc business credit card which is which I use to pay for the architectural and Engineering plans in this column we have the Home Depot card that I didn't use quite as much and then here on the right we have the ABC credit account that I have with a local material supplier here I'm going to go through this kind of briefly and just touch on the main items and what I used to pay for and then we'll get down to the totals that I I paid for these four columns and explain to you why I use these items so as we go through the list here I paid for all the foundation with cash because that contractor did not have a credit card processing option and you'll kind of noce Noti if you pause and look through I'm not going to go through here too detailed because it might take a little bit too long and not be too interesting but feel free to pause the video and look at it yourself but you'll notice if you do pause and look it through here you'll notice that I paid for most of the material on credit cards and then I paid for that labor for that specific trade using cash cuz most of the subcontractors did not use credit card processing machines or whatnot They didn't accept credit card so here is the list going through here feel free to pause if you would like and then boom here's the total so the total for the build was $264,000 of which I paid $135,000 using cash I paid $100,000 using the chase Inc business credit card I paid $2,731 using the Home Depot consumer card and I paid 15,9 158 using the ABC credit account I have with the local material supplier so as I just mentioned I paid for cash only when I had to but I paid it to most subcontractors who did not have a credit card option I only pay cash when I have to is the only time I'd write a check or pay cash other than that I always try to put everything on a credit card and I do that because the more you use a credit card the more you can show whatever Bank you have that credit card through the more you can use that credit card the more you can show you have a higher spending limit and in return as long as you use that credit card responsibly and make payments then in return they will increase your credit limits which is very powerful deal to do as you can see here I have a $100,000 credit limit with the chase Inc business credit card and that $100,000 credit card limit is what ultimately allowed me to build this house just being completely transparent with you I built this house for $264,000 and before I started the build that was more cash than I had in the bank and that just kind of goes to show the size of risk that I took on by building these houses just being transparent with you I only had somewhere around $160 $170,000 in the bank prior to starting this build so I wouldn't wouldn't have been able to build this house and complete this home build for this investment without having such a high credit limit and that's just how powerful credit itself is so let me explain two main very powerful benefits about this specific Chase Inc business credit card itself for one they have a intro promotional period of 12 months with 0% interest so therefore you can Max that thing out whatever the credit limit they may give you you can Max it out and not pay any interest on that balance for a period of 12 months so I got this credit card right before I started the build and got a limit of $100,000 as I use that credit card throughout this build and built that limit up to $100,000 I did not pay any interest on that $100,000 even thereafter once the home is built which I'm not going to reveal how I was able to pay it back yet I will in a future video but essentially I paid off that balance of $100,000 all without paying any interest on that amount so very cool deal there secondly the cool thing about the Chase Ink business credit card is that once you get approved for a a limit my in my instance is $100,000 that limit will stick with me forever yeah maybe once I get to month 13 I'm not going to use this credit card as this specific credit card as much because I don't want to pay interest what I can do is I can go get another Chase Inc business credit card and get approved maybe they'll approve me for $50,000 or $100,000 again and once I get approved let's pretend I get approved for $75,000 I can take the $100,000 balance from this specific Chas Inc business credit card and transfer that balance to my new credit card therefore I'll be approved for $175,000 and who knows maybe after a couple years I'll be able to build one whole house using that single credit card as long as I can find subcontractors to accept credit card payment so anyways that's just some cool things about the chase Inc business credit card next is the Home Depot consumer credit card I'm not sure if you go to Home Depot too much if you're watching this video then you probably construction when not so you probably go to Home Depot this is something I got I don't want to say scammed into getting but I got talked into getting by one of the people at the cash reg oh you want a Home Depot credit card I ended up getting this credit card whenever I was like 18 years old and I do regret it but I ended up us utilizing it on this build and one cool thing that Home Depot does is they offer 0% financing on the purchase of any amount greater than $399 so given that I exceeded that $399 purchase amount I did not have to pay interest on this amount for 6 months so that's a pretty cool financing deal that Home Depot offers if you do have that credit card so that is why I chose to use the Home Depot credit card there next we have the ABC credit account of $166,000 they supplied the roof decking material the wall sheathing material and then all the siding and all the windows $166,000 this ABC suppli is a material store that sells roofing material siding material windows and exterior doors and I have a credit account with them because I own a roofing company and just over time through building a good relationship with that supplier they have trusted me enough to open a credit account well also one that comes with that relationship is they will give me in a new construction scenario they will give me a job account where I can put a balance on that job account for a period of 60 days before I have to pay it off and depending on when you start that job account if you start in the beginning of one month they'll give you the rest of that month plus another 60 days so long story short I was able to get this job account for a period of about 88 days where it allowed me to finance the cost of the siding the windows the roof deck and the wall sheathing and not have to pay off for for about 88 more days but essentially that is the four resources and ways that I Ed to pay for this home build which costed a total of $264,000 if you're interested in building your own house then you should check out my house to build your own house course this course teaches you everything you need to know to successfully complete your first home build and the knowledge that you gain from my course and the skills that you will gain from actually building your first house will stick with you forever and allow you to build many more houses and many more real estate projects to come in the future in this course I provide 50 instructional video lessons that give you a step-by-step layout on everything you need to know for how to build your house everything like how to design your house how to get your building permits how to find subcontractors how to hire subcontractors and then of course how to manage the actual home build itself also I provide eight Excel sheets and PDFs that assist you in task like how to request bids from subcontractors how to budget for the home build and how to schedule everything with the home build and much more I created this course to be a one-size fits-all solution for any person considering building their own house whether that's for a big custom dream home or maybe a small single family investment property like this or maybe even a big real estate investment like a multif family property so if you're interested in learning how to build your own house then click the link Down Below in the description and sign up today so from the start I built this house intending to keep it as my second rental property and as you well know I just finished the build and I called the bank to get a Cash out refinance considering I was going to get a long 30-year permanent loan and they ordered the appraisal to determine the fair market value of the house and the appraisal came back at $430,000 and this kind of has me thinking this is my opportunity should I really keep this house as a long-term rental property or maybe should I sell it and make probably a six fig profit on the sale so stay tuned for my next video I'm going to be breaking down the numbers on should I sell or should I rent and how much money I can make on either one catch you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @henrycoversguitar [42 likes]: Step 1: have $200000
  2. @To-Ro1 [28 likes]: He had the  160k cash in a bussiness checking account with chase   so when he applied for the card, they seen the balance on the bussiness  checking and that helps get that credit card.
  3. @CaseLucasRobinson [2 likes]: Join My Program To Become A Home Builder!
https://BLDRU.com
  4. @nayepps6163 [2 likes]: You paid it back by cash out  refinancing the homes into 30 year mortgages. The bank cut you a check for 80% value and you paid everyone back. I do like the credit card option. You have to be very organized
  5. @Pastorjeremyrutland [2 likes]: THIS IS SO GOOD!!! WOW thank you. keep the videos coming
  6. @eyalraber1234 [1 likes]: Texas labor is amazing, in Ohio last house I drywall I pay 12k for 250 sheets for labor only and this is a very good price here.
  7. @cooperyoung1928 [1 likes]: This is really cool. Thank you.
  8. @killinLs: Bro’s got 2 things 99% of people will never have and then has the nerve to plug a course on “submitting request for bids”. Gtfo
  9. @ILLUMINATEDbyGRACE: This is a very good list I will come back to copy so I plan better
  10. @yousuck5314: You're going to pay even more using credit cards...
  11. @bedirhan_m25: Bro, so the cost of these 2 houses was a total of 264k?
  12. @uberdash007: How long did you have a business account before applying for chase ink business ?
  13. @DerikJulian-s1c: So you had a inheritance?
  14. @manuelcisneros5974: im planing on building my first one with the home depot 30k credit limit and the rest on cash and credit cards do you recommend using all the 30k in materials and storing the materials in a container, because I have a ballon payment on the land due next year of 100k does the lumber go bad or for a year , does it bent or something thanks
  15. @Tom_Jensen: I loved the tips in this video! When estimating flooring costs, I always consider materials, labor, and project size. FloorTally has been a lifesaver for keeping my calculations organized. Any chance of a video on DIY flooring repairs?
  16. @corneliusjohnson5963: What is the square footage?
  17. @la2386-w7o: What was the time frame to complete the project?
  18. @JuneLuva2010: Do you teach the steps needed to take to get 100 thousand limit?
  19. @1972arg: How do you built houses without paying and or being a General Certified Building Contractor???
  20. @DevinMostDangerousGantt: Terrible, how is this beneficial,  I mean to regular people they don't have that type of money sitting in a bank

- Buying vs Renting A Home - Dave Ramsey Rant: Kind: captions Language: en okay I've had a couple of these calls in the last little while so I got stopping addresses for a second Dave the rents in our area are so high so much higher that I can buy a house so much cheaper a month not true you're not comparing apples to apples at least over a period of time it cannot be true economically and let me walk you through why because it's a basic concept but you know again this is the thing where we get scope creep a thing where we get justifying rationalizing buying the house when you're not ready to buy a house or buying a house you can't afford or buy a house in a situation where you shouldn't I loved homeownership I've always believed long-term owning home is one of the best plans you can have long-term but you need to do it in a wise way so the home is a blessing and not a curse and the stupidity that's out there in the culture including in some of the wonky think tanks it's like all home ownership is down Americans you know the the wealth inequality gap is widening it's difficult to buy a home yeah that's all true but broke people when they buy a home aren't blessed it makes them broker that's why they call them mortgage brokers and if a whole bunch of Piro people buy a house at one time you could bundle it and sell it on the hedge fund and later on is a regular mortgage block and actually crash the whole economy back to 2008 does anybody remember so it's not a good policy decision not a good macroeconomic decision to force people into buying homes or to encourage people to buy homes when they are broke now once you're ready to buy a home though and you're looking at rinse and you say rents are you know $1,500 a month but I can buy this house for $800 a month that is just not true long term and here's why it could be true for a moment in a boomtown where something's going on like the struck oil okay I mean you get in one of these boom towns you could have that happen but eventually a supply demand curve and economics will take effect and here's why landlords want to have renters and when there is an abundance of renters willing to pay ridiculous prices what they do is they start building rental property or buying property and turning it into rental property and so if there's a house on the market on the street and an individual can buy that house and it's $800 a month or an investor can buy that house and it's $800 a month and he can rent it for 15 and there's an abundance of renters out there is the reason the price has driven up there's a shortage versus the demand anytime demand is higher than supply prices go up okay when there's a shortage on something that's when prices go up in other words okay but what happens is the shortage corrects itself very quickly because those of us that are investors we want to tap into this hot rental market and so we go buy a bunch of property and turn it into rental property or build a bunch of property and turn it into rental property which raises the supply back up thus the shortage goes away so over time rents are not going to be double prices of a house price of a monthly payment on a house because investors that are willing to borrow money or willing to pay cash like I am will buy enough rental property to take advantage of the great rates of return that overpriced rent an overpriced rental market will do and it will cause the rental to come down or the value of the houses to go up and they so rent always approximates slightly above payments it always does over time and so when you call me up and say oh I can buy fifty percent of what I can rent no you can't you're looking you're not comparing apples to apples in the neighborhoods you can if you can buy you know because investors would have already gobbled that house up and doubled their money that's the point and that doesn't weigh with the shortage which causes the economics to balance out now again there might be a six month period of time where that is not true but long term in Missouri long term in Boise long term in Abilene that's what happens at a probably you know if there is a bit of a jump for one reason or another very quickly it will even out and most of the time it's already pretty even rent is going to be slightly more than payments on average because investors require renters to pay enough rent so they can pay their payment or so they can get a rate of return on the cash they have tied up like in my case I'm not going to tie up money at four percent return in a piece of rental property I got to get more rent out of it than that because I can make more than that on my money doing something else and so that's going to drive rental rates that's what we're talking about here and so these are always going to approximate each other now if you find rent that or if you find a house payments slightly less than rental that would be normal and it is not cheaper in that case so let's say you have a $1,500 rental rate and you have a $1,200 payment now that would probably be fairly accurate rent is always going to be a little bit more than payment but you're not paying when you're renting to put roofs on and fix heating and air and fix broken hot water heaters you're not paying the increases in insurance and increases in property taxes that come along until I renew your lease and then I'm going to bump up enough to cover that but that's the difference homeownership in a given year might be more expensive for you as a consumer than renting depending on the repair bill that you end up having and so there is no economic no mathematical excuse for buying versus renting until you're ready on the short-term on the long-term owning is always better than renting so you want to get yourself in a position that you own as you build wealth and as you head towards retirement that's going to assist you and with a paid for home and in building wealth but it does not assist you when you buy a home and you rationalize your little butt off just because you got house fever and your little friends are out there buying houses and your little family members are whining at you over Thanksgiving dinner about they bought a house and you and bought a house yet why didn't you bought a house because I'm freaking broke and I'm not gonna be broke soon because I'm on a budget I'm gonna get my debt paid off I'm gonna get my emergency fund in place so when I buy a house with a good down payment on no more than a 15 year fixed rate on no more than 1/4 of my take-home pay as a payment then I'm gonna buy a house and the house is gonna be a blessing not a curse I want you to own your house I don't want to own you and too many people rationalize their butts off they got student loans at Browns long we think they're a pet they got two car fleeces sitting in the driveway they got Master Card they've discovered bondage and American distress all the money comes in and all the money comes out and they've strapped themselves to a house on a thirty year adjustable rate mortgage and it's some of the lowest interest rates in my lifetime and I'm almost 60 years old if it's the lowest interest rates in 60 years where the flip do you think it's going to adjust up dummy up not down I mean where are you going from two point nine one point nine I mean really is this your set of assumptions on which you justified buying an adjustable rate mortgage that's dumber than a grubworm in a box of rocks that's stupid you're gonna get killed don't do that but we gotta have that one with a Jacuzzi in the skylight and I don't feel safe three streets over and we come up with all this crap that we used to justify and all this peer pressure the most expensive purchase you're ever gonna make for most people which is their house don't do that do it right so that your home becomes a safe haven and not a point of stress on your finances on your marriage and in your belly

  Top Comments:
  1. @DeniseChavis-f5g [2 likes]: A renter can’t make adjustments to the home and is always threatened with eviction
  2. @lachlanoneil8938 [1 likes]: those prices went up alot and the interest rates too and that didnt matter in the end
  3. @kookpatrol7490 [1 likes]: He was right
  4. @Farehaven [1 likes]: My Mom got 3% interest
  5. @nahun12 [1 likes]: Woahhh that accent or thing he did at 1:16 was crazy lmao😂
  6. @caturpin01: Regulators completely blew it at Canadians expense
  7. @LEAsalmanMOsalahallahLEAMHSAW: LEalisalman salah LEA
  8. @SunnahLiberty: 6:00 mark is why I have resigned to never owning a home. I do not have the FCF to replace an AC unit or put on a new roof. People all over and even Trump want to make unwise choices or encourage unwise choices all to have a false sense of security….a roof over their head but house poor. I live in Vegas and all the homes here I would basically have to pay 30-40% down to get to a manageable 15 yr mortgage. Some of us don’t have the luxury for job or family reasons to relocate our families 2,000 miles away on a dime either. Let’s leave the judgement to people like Dave who actually have proven they have wisdom to kick us in the ass when needed and teach us what to do.
  9. @jmavierpayne9726: 4:00
Convincing people not to buy a home is probably some of the worst financial advice I've ever heard given.... I would love to hear this argument with "cars" as the property and not a home... Please tell me more about how it's cheaper to rent a car monthly than own a car 😂😂😂
(Also the whole "replace a roof" fallacy is way overplayed--I'm sure Dave knows that you can do a home inspection before you buy a property and you know the condition of the roof ahead of time or every time when you buy a car do you think man how much would it cost to replace this engine block- literally 0%)
(PS. The same argument is that it's better to be an employee and not a boss, "it's hard to be a boss and it's just so easy to be an employee" thanks for the great advice Dave-😂😂😂)
  10. @abhijitkundu1879: Hey pal I reside in a property which is decent though but planning to convert from G + 1 to G + 2 lets see by the grace of god will do it on immediate convergence Jesus Christ the power of Christianity
  11. @abhijitkundu1879: Have complete faith on USA 🇺🇸 and Hyundai and other banking institutions whose o relation and coefficient and tied up with World Bank and world stock exchange
  12. @CrashOutTimer: Your I idiot my friend, 
Your not Estimating correctly in the 80s it went down 2 Percent for renting.
This is now where renting cost is more and wanted but who has those houses to rent.
And how much old heads like yourself buy up the houses and put on higher prices.
-
Your not helping your case how about you pop the bubble yourself with your rentals
Stop spreading miss Information on something as stupid as roof costs.
  13. @charleswagner284: Not true in this current market.
  14. @mariacorazonreyes484: To each their own. I’d rather rent, invest my money in stocks, and travel the world than be tied down by a mortgage, property taxes, and constant maintenance and repair costs.
  15. @ivancedillo8: It’s 2026 now the house mortgage cost more than rent
  16. @LadyJpraise2024unbound: 2026 and he was wrong.  Definitely dont agree with Dave.  He left out alot of truth to justify his belief system.  Definitely an arrogant man and a advantage taker
  17. @peat381low8: Dave in my area it takes a down payment of $250,000 on a $465,000 house to get payments to $2500 a month. My wife and I would need $10,000 a month to follow your rule. A down payment of only 20% payments would be $3900 a month and would force my family to make nearly $16,000 a month to make those payments comfortably. College tuition is insane, people are losing jobs now, who in the world is making $10,000-$16,000 a month to buy houses these days? Then your plan says put money into your children’s college fund. How can you not admit this is a bit much for the average american?
  18. @thomassciurba5323: I often disagree with him but the simple notion that being a landlord has to cover the cost of ownership which makes ownership a better deal makes perfect sense.
  19. @deannalarsen394: Buying a house is over-rated.  You pay 1.5 million for a 500k house, you pay property taxes, you pay house insurance, you pay for repairs, you pay for maintenance, you might have difficulty selling and then overhead costs while it is up for sale and then you pay fees, fee, and more fees when selling and buying.  AND, if you live in certain parts of Richmond, BC or Kamloops, BC in Canada THEN you might not be able to sell it at all because it of aboriginal rights to the land.  Owning is NOT always better than renting unless you can pay for it without having to get a mortgage.  I DON"T agree with everything that Dave Ramsey says.
  20. @JoeOutdoors: Google search ~ Total cost of a $100,000 home loan, $239,000.
If my math is right, that is a 139% gross profit off the money I have in the bank that pays me 1% for the bank to lend out and get 139% gross profit off of.


How much does it cost to have my loan payment automatically deducted from my checking account by a computer?


SO, if you have a home loan from the same bank you save and check at, you are getting raped twice.

Anybody else see the problem to affordability?

- Renting vs. Buying a Home: The 8.71% Rule: Kind: captions Language: ja 賃貸か持ち家かという話は、 本当によく出てきますよね。 では、 経済的にはどちらが 得なのでしょうか？ 賃貸の場合、 総コストは大家 さんに支払う、 二度と戻ってこな いお金だけです。 例えば、 家賃が月二千ドルなら、 十二ヶ月を掛けて年 間二万四千ドルが、 もう戻ってこない お金になります。 一方、 持ち家の総コストには、 利息と元本からなる住宅 ローンの返済に加え、 年間の維持費などの諸 経費が含まれます。 公平な比較のため、 どちらのシナリオ でも戻らないお 金を計算する必 要があります。 この独自の視点は、 カナダのポートフォ リオマネージャー、 ベン・フェリックス氏がYo uTubeで提唱しました。 彼の動画「賃貸か購入か： 五%ルール」が元です。 動画は下にリンクします。 全ての功績は彼にあります。 しかし、 彼の動画が公開され てから四年が経ち、 最近では住宅ローン金利が ずっと高くなっています。 今は六・五から七 ・五%の間です。 なので、 このトピックは今の 時代に合わせてアッ プデートする必要が あると感じました。 ここで解明したい 主なポイントは、 持ち家のコストです。 それを月単位で出す 必要があります。 そうすれば、 家賃と比較して、 どちらが自分にとって良い選 択肢なのかを判断できます。 理論上、 月々の持ち家コストが同等の 物件の家賃より安いなら、 賃貸より購入すべ きでしょうし、 その逆もまた然りです。 さて、ベン氏によると、 持ち家のコスト、 この月々のコスト計算には三 つの要素があると言います。 それは固定資産税、維持費、 そして住宅ロー ンの返済です。 住宅ローンの返済は、 今日詳しく説明する二つの異 なる要素に分けられます。 これらのコストはすべて持 ち家に関連するもので、 賃貸では発生しません。 まず、 固定資産税につい て話しましょう。 固定資産税は、 所有するすべての不 動産に課されます。 基本的には、 その不動産を所 有することで、 住んでいる政府や州に、 不動産価値の一定の割 合を毎年税金として 納めなければならな いということです。 アメリカでは、 すべての住宅用不 動産における平均 固定資産税率は一 ・一一%です。 今日の例ではこ の数字を使い、 また、 五十万ドルの家を 例に挙げます。 カナダ、オーストラリア、 あるいはヨーロッパのどこか にお住まいの方のために、 今日は皆さんがご自 身の数字を入力でき る特別なツールをリ ンクしておきます。 ですが、この動画では、 先ほどの例で進めましょう。 なので、このような家だと、 毎年五千五百ドルの固定資産 税を支払うことになります。 これが一・一一%です。 そして、 これが二度と戻って こないコストです。 次のコストは、 家の維持費です。 専門家は、 不動産価値の年間一% から二%を維持費と して確保しておくこと を推奨しています。 家がとても古くて、 いつも修理が必要だ と感じる場合は、 もう少し高くなる かもしれません。 計算を簡単にするため、 今日は一%を使います。 五十万ドルの家の 年間の維持費は、 その一%になります。 つまり、年間五千ドルです。 さて、ここまでで、 持ち家で戻ってこな いコストである固 定資産税と維持費 を計算しました。 これは不動産価 値の年間約二か ら二・一一%に相当します。 さて、次に、 住宅ローンの返済コストを 計算する必要があります。 ベン氏はこれを資本コ ストと呼んでいます。 これはつまり、 この家にお金をつ ぎ込むことで、 実際にはどれだけのコス トがかかっているのか、 ということです。 頭金が二十%だとすると、 残りの八十%の家の価値 に対して融資を受ける、 つまりローンを組む ことになります。 また簡単な数字を使うと、 家の価値が五十万ドルなら、 二十%の頭金として 十万ドルを払い、 残りの四十万ドルを、 おそらく三十年かけて返 済することになります。 これが最も一般的な 住宅ローンです。 ここには二つの変動 要素があります。 まず頭金のコスト、 そしてローンにか かるコストです。 これが負債コストです。 よく耳にするのが、 お金には機会費用がある、 つまり、 頭金に十万ドルを払うと、 その十万ドルを株式 市場に投資して、 さらにお金を増やすことが できなくなるわけです。 これは、 かなりもっともな懸念です。 頭金の機会費用 がいくらなのか を計算する必要があります。 これが資本コスト計 算の第一部です。 データによると、 S&P 500の過去三十年 間のインフレ調整後 の年間平均リターン は七・一九%です。 一方、住宅用不動産、 つまりアメリカの過去三十年 間の住宅価格の中央値は、 インフレを考慮した後で、 実際には一・九七% 上昇しています。 ここで意図的に住宅価格 の中央値を使ったのは、 もし商業用や賃貸用の 物件を含めていたら、 不動産のリター ンがもっと高く 歪められてしまうからです。 ほとんどの人は家を借りて、 それを住宅用不動産 と比較するので、 住宅用不動産価格の中央 値を使うべきでしょう。 簡単にするために、 株式の年間平均リ ターンが約七%、 不動産が約二%だとすると、 この二つの差は約 五%になります。 株式は不動産を年間五%上回 っているということです。 その十万ドルは、 もし株式市場に投資 していれば年間五 %多く稼げたはず のお金なのです。 この家に投資していなければ 得られたはずのお金です。 後で実際の数字を 当てはめますが、 まずはこの概念を説明 したかったのです。 これが資本コスト、 つまり住宅ローン返済 コストの第一部です。 アメリカ以外にお 住まいの方は、 世界の不動産リターンや、 ご自身の国の不動産リ ターンをググって、 500や他の株価指数と比 較することができます。 私が調べたところでは、 国にもよりますが、 株式は不動産を大体三%から 五%上回る傾向にあります。 資本コスト計算の第二部は、 利息の支払いがも たらすコスト、 別名、負債コストです。 今日の簡単な計算では、 これを年間二万八千 ドルと仮定します。 ローン残高 に年利を掛けるという単 純な方法を使います。 こうすることで、 どんな家が買えるのか、 そして戻ってこないコスト は何かを把握する上で、 かなり保守的なバッ ファーができます。 住宅ローンを組む際の 重要な考慮事項です。 さて、 ここまでついて きていますか。 資本コストは、 頭金の機会費用、 これは十万ドルの五パーセ ントで五千ドルでしたね。 それに年間の利息支払い二 万八千ドルを加えます。 合計で年間三万 三千ドルが戻っ てこないコストになります。 これをパーセンテ ージで表すと、 三万三千ドルを 家の価値で割ると、 六・六パーセン トになります。 持ち家にかかる隠れた コストの一部です。 これで全ての数字が 揃いましたので、 これまで話してきたこと、 つまり固定資産税、維持費、 そして資本コストをす べて足し合わせて、 非常にシンプルなルール を導き出しましょう。 はい、 ここに計算式が画面に出 ているといいのですが。 もし出ていなかったら、 編集者のリッキ ーのせいです。 コメントで彼に伝 えてください。 まあ、冗談ですが、 彼はこれを見るで しょうからね。 具体的に見ていくと、 固定資産税の一・一一%に、 維持費としての一%を加え、 さらに資本コストの六・ 六%を足し合わせると、 これらの合計は八・七一% という数字になります。 この八・七一% という割合は、 皆さんの月々の 持ち家コストが 一体どのくらい になるのかを、 素早く簡単に把握す るための非常に便 利な目安として活用 できるでしょう。 ここでのルールは、 家の価格に八・七一パ ーセントを掛けて、 それを十二で割ることです。 これが月々の持ち家の 総コストになります。 お住まいの地域に四十万 ドルの家がある場合、 その四十万ドル という数字に八 ・七一パーセン トを掛けると、 年間の持ち家コスト、 つまり三万四千八百 四十ドルが出ます。 これを十二で割ると、 二千九百三ドルになります。 これが月々の持ち 家コストです。 もし、 お住まいの地域で同等 の四十万ドルの家を月 々二千九百三ドル以下 で借りられるなら、 天秤は大きく賃貸 の方に傾きます。 賢明な財務判断を下すた めの重要な比較点です。 皆さんのために、 Googleスプ レッドシートで 便利な計算ツール を作りました。 無料でダウンロ ードできます。 これを使えば、 色々な数字を試せます。 リンクは下にあります。 検討中の家の価格や、 固定資産税、維持費、 頭金などの変数を 変更できます。 計算ツールの最後には、 月々の損益分岐点となる 支払い額がわかります。 住宅ローンの金利 が変わったり、 違う国に住んで いたりしても、 この計算ツールで、 自分にとって賃貸と購 入のどちらが良いか、 ある程度の目安 がわかります。 このルールは非常 にシンプルで、 多くの人に気に入ら れるでしょうが、 同時に批判する人 も多いでしょう。 月々の損益分岐点を評価す るのには役立ちますが、 欠点もたくさんあります。 それに、 家の購入に関す る計算以外の、 話すべき重要な考慮事項 もいくつかあります。 僕が考える最初の欠点は、 人間はしばしば非合理的で、 衝動的だということです。 7ドルのラテを買うのが得策 でないとわかっていても、 つい贅沢してしまう ことがあります。 自己資金には機会費用 があるからといって、 頭金を払わなかっ た賃貸派の人が、 浮いた10万ドルを市 場に完璧に投資して、 その機会費用を最大限に 活かすとは限りません。 投資には規律と完璧な 実行が必要なんです。 賃貸派が頭金分をルーレ ットの黒に賭けたり、 ブラックジャック で21を狙った りしないと誰が言 えるでしょう？ 21の赤？ 何を言ってるか分 かりませんが、 言いたいことは分 かりますよね。 人間は非合理的で、 常に完璧ではありません。 そういうことです。 住宅ローンの支払いは、 ある意味、 強制的な貯蓄方法だ と考えています。 ローン返済で自己資本を 積み立てるからです。 貯金が苦手な多くの アメリカ人には、 非常に良いでしょう。 自己資本形成の話題ですが、 今日、 利息コストはロー ン金利に借入額 を掛けたものだ と話しました。 実際には、 住宅ローンはそうは なっていません。 ローンはいわゆる 元利均等返済ス ケジュールに基 づいています。 ローン期間の初めは、 元本の返済は少なく、 利息を前倒しで多く支 払っているのです。 30年のローン期間 が進むにつれて、 実際には利息の 支払いが減り、 元本の返済が増 えていきます。 この時点で僕が 気づいたのは、 元利均等返済スケジュ ールの変動により、 自己資本コストと 負債コストは常 に変化していると いうことです。 これに加えて、 15年ローンや様々 な種類の変動金利ロ ーンも存在するとい う事実を考えると、 今日のシンプルなルー ルでは考慮に入れてい ない変数がたくさんあ ることになります。 さらに、 30年後には利息コスト は実質的になくなり、 その時点ではほとんどすべ てが自己資本になります。 それは、 今日話しているルールを大幅 に変えることになります。 これも賃貸より購入が優れて いるもう一つの利点ですが、 30年後には、 時間とともに価値が上 がっている可能性のあ る有形資産を実際に手 にしているのです。 賃貸派は毎月家 賃を払い続け、 そのお金は大家の懐 や銀行口座に入り、 その恩恵を受けること は決してありません。 このルールでよく見ら れる三つ目の欠点は、 常に条件が全く同じだと 仮定していることです。 ある年にはインフレが急騰 するかもしれませんし、 実際そうなっています。 あるいは、 住宅ローンの金利が倍に なるかもしれないし、 自己資本の機会費用が大き く変わるかもしれません。 これは間違いなく考 慮すべき点であり、 僕がいつでも修正 できるように計算 ツールを作った理 由でもあります。 最後に、 住宅ローン金利控除 の税制上の優遇措置 についてはまだ話し ていませんでした。 アメリカにいる場合、 住宅ローン金利を所得 から控除できます。 アメリカの標準控除は、 個人の場合、 年間一万三千ドルから 一万四千ドルです。 控除できる住宅ローン金利 がその額を超えなければ、 あまり意味がありません。 もし控除できる住 宅ローン金利が、 例えば一万四千ド ル以上あるなら、 月々の住宅所有コスト全体 を下げることができます。 所得税率区分やローン額、 金利など、 住宅ローン金利と控除には多 くの変数が絡んでくるので、 これは自分で計算して みる必要があります。 税制上のメリットを最大 限に活用するためには、 専門家のアドバイ スも有効です。 家の所有には、 計算とは全く関係のない利 点もいくつかあります！ 一つ目は、 特に固定金利ローンなら、 支払いが予測可能で固 定的であることです。 支払額がほとんど変わらず、 住宅ローンを正確に予 算に組み込めます。 賃貸では大家がいつでも家 賃を吊り上げられます。 もう一つの利点は、 家を所有すると自由 度が高いことです。 改造や改修を加えても、 大家の許可は不要です。 大家が物件を売っても、 立ち退かされたり追い出され たりする心配がないため、 安心感も増します。 住宅ローンを組むも う一つの良い点は、 インフレが実は有利 に働くことです。 少し直感に反するように聞 こえるかもしれませんが、 基本的には、時間とともに、 価値の面で借金の額が 減るということです。 ここでは、 実際には存在しない、 かなり極端な例を挙げます。 仮に50年固定金利 ローンがあって、 50年前に家を買っ たとしましょう。 突っ込まれる前に言 っておきますが、 50年ローンなんて存在しな いことは知っていますし、 40年ローンもただ の都市伝説です。 でも、 この例え話に付き 合ってください。 50年前に50年固定 金利ローンを組んで、 月々の支払いが300 ドルだったとします。 当時、 月300ドルは今 の月2000ド ルのような価値 がありました。 しかし、固定支払額なので、 ローン期間中ずっと月30 0ドルを払い続けます。 そして今では、 皆さんはどうかわ 300ドルは大した 額には思えません。 これは実際の30年ロー ンでも起こることで、 もっと小規模で、 緩やかですが。 家を所有する最大に して最後の利点は、 住宅価値の大幅な上昇 が見込めることです。 僕の近所で今年初めに売れた 家の例を見てみましょう。 1995年に59万9 000ドルで売れ、 最近の1月には323万 ドルで売却されました。 これは明らかに、 アメリカの住宅価 格上昇率の中央 値を三倍以上上 回っています。 とはいえ、 家の所有はコストや 投資だけでなく、 時に純粋な満足感 をもたらします。 引退後の終の棲家がある という安心感も大きく、 特に今、 余裕があるうちに 手に入れることで 得られる安心感は 計り知れません。 賃貸の利点につ いてもいくつか 話しておきたいと思います。 一つ目は柔軟性です。 30年間も一つの家に縛ら れることはありません。 何らかの理由で、 今住んでいる街を来年、 あるいは来月に出た くなったとしても、 契約を早期に解約すれば、 それが可能です！ 次は、税金や維持費、 その他そういった類の費用を 支払う必要がないことです。 賃貸なら、 ただその場所を借りるだけ。 もしかしたら賃貸用の保険に は入るかもしれませんが、 それだけです！ その点では、 生活はずっとシンプルです。 そして最後に、 賃貸なら素晴ら しい共用施設を 利用できることもあります。 特に大都市の大 きな建物では、 ドアマンがいてセキュリ ティ面で安心ですし、 ジムやプールもあります。 バーベキューをしたり、 イベントを開いたり する場所もあって、 そういったものは家を所有し ていては手に入りません。 今日皆さんにお伝えした い最も重要なことは、 賃貸か購入かを 考える際には、 特にご自身の地域で 検討しているなら、 自分で数字を計算する必要 があるということです。 今日の計算ツールと8. 71%ルールがあれば、 金銭面では、 ご自身で状況を判断する準 備がかなり整うはずです。 現時点のアメリカでは住宅ロ ーン金利が非常に高いため、 特にこの短期的な 期間においては、 賃貸の方が家の 所有よりもはる かに魅力的に見 えるでしょう。 もし五年から八年以上同 じ場所に住む予定で、 実際に家を購入す るのであれば、 そちらの方が投資と して最も大きな上昇 の可能性を秘めてい ると僕は思います。 この動画が役に立っ たなら嬉しいです。 もしそうなら、 ぜひチャンネル登録をして、 次の動画もチェッ クしてください。 ここに、 あるいはここに表 示しておきます。 えー、 賃貸か購入かについて、 皆さんの考えをコメン トで教えてください。 次の動画でお会 いしましょう。 ではまた！

  Top Comments:
  1. @humphrey [156 likes]: Here's that free calculator: 🏡 Rent Vs. Buying Free Calculator: https://beacons.ai/humphreytalks/freedownloads 

Also did you love the new Outro? Lmk your thoughts!
  2. @dax_megathor479 [1 likes]: 1:34 this is false. a renter DOES face these costs. as they are not just passed on to the renter, but passed on to the renter with a profit percentage for the landlord.
  3. @royneder351 [1 likes]: You can live cheaper than the home owner by getting arrested.  The question is, can you live in THAT house cheaper than the owner? No. You are going to pay all the owners expenses plus give him profit.
  4. @patrik4446: Its such a pain in the azz to do either. Im struggling with the idea of selling because ownership will cost me 55k within the next 5-7 years. Thats just upgrades and repairs! My downstairs heatpump(carrier) died 7 days after its 10 year warranty had expired! So my upstairs has 9 months warranty left! I can only assume how shtty they make things now...it will be the same! Roof is 16k, insulation updates, porches, deck, paint, flooring etc. Rent is throwing away.....but so is home ownership! If you put 50k in a house and the market falls.......you lost 50k! Renting seems to be so easy! And lets not forget property taxes! They tax you.......to own property??? 😭 so ur Renting regardless!
  5. @JMXZY: This background music is very distracting and unsettling.
  6. @AmaraExplainsMoney: Very helpful breakdown of home buying!
  7. @Muyung-v1r: I agree, renting is good and cheap. But if the rent goes up, up & up. You can always sleep on the streets or go live with your parents.
  8. @KevinKupczyk-g4g: One caveat to that calculation is that paying down on a downpayment you have relatively secure profitabllity. 
Additionally when you have gains you are usually paying income tax on those (except qualified dividends) or long term gains. Which reduces your initial 7% yoy by 15% - 20%.
  9. @0000lmm: Condo / strata fees?
  10. @denizersoz7012: Money is not everything though. Owning a home and making it yours is just invaluable. Just dont overstretch...
  11. @catom960: Great video. You're greatly understating rent price inflation. I know you mentioned it with the "50-year mortgage" example but its actually a very huge concern especially in major cities where renting is a lot more prevalent. You could have easily given an example using today's numbers using cities like NYC, SF, LA, Boston, Houston, WDC and you quickly learn that rent inflation is high enough that if you can get through the first 5-10 years of initially relatively higher payments you're coasting from then on out.
  12. @duanemiller5606: This video kind of starts up with the dumbest statement ever when it says it’s a renter. You don’t have to deal with taxes, maintenance, and mortgage payments. The reality is you’re covering all of them. The rent on our house is generally higher than the payment on the house and this increased amount covers the maintenance, the taxes, and the mortgage along with profit to the homeowner. The real decision on whether to rent or buy should be based more on your own market and available funds based on your income. Big rule don’t buy a house that’s more house than you can afford. Buy a smaller cheaper house you can afford.
  13. @michaelrepovich3856: Don’t forget hazard insurance and hoa fees  - nice video
  14. @geidicalcagno: Wao❤ thanks.
  15. @ottisa.bailey1562: what about cash buy vs rent?
  16. @maybetnp: Once house is paid off, you live for free for the rest of your life.
  17. @amansaleh5946: Are there actually places out there where renting a home has a significantly lower monthly cost than the mortgage payment +taxes/insurance of an equivalent home? Don't get me wrong, i think this is a useful thought exercise if you are debating moving from an apartment to home ownership. But if you are looking for a single family home out of need, the monthly costs are very similar (at least in my area). Might as well lock in the monthly payment to protect against inflation and at least build a little equity. The only exception I see is you think you are only staying in the area for a year or two and are worried about recouping closing costs and realtor fees.
  18. @jappleseed6322: I always looked at home ownership as a diversification of assets in addition to being a roof over my head. I also refinanced and rolled the purchase of 20 more acres into the new mortgage using my equity. Land in my area has historically performed at a 6% annual appreciation. Again it’s diversifying and allowed me to plant several acres of black walnut, a 30 year investment. I would not have that opportunity if I had rented. Owning gives me more options. I can add a playground for my kids. When they grow out of it I can put in a covered grill out area and party area where the playground is and it will be mine.
  19. @uwebeltz: Thanks!
  20. @SKYBLUEPINATA: "let's pretend there's a fifty year fixed mortgage" 😐

- Can we avail home loan for two houses?- Property Hotline: Kind: captions Language: en moving on to an email query now yogesh borsa says that he took a load of 25 lakh rupees when he had a salary of forty thousand rupees a month now he also made some part payments has paid 16 EMI so far his salaries increased 65 thousand a month now and he wants to buy another house now he wants to know if he'd get a home loan for the same and if yes how much you know at the outset yogesh seems like somebody is very proactive about his home loan which is something that we really encourage on the channel of ear karthik but the fact that you know he's looking to take a second home loan before he finishes of the first home loan does it really make sense how much of your salary should actually go towards paying EMI absolutely i mean you know he's already paying more than sixty percent and i was going to say yo gation for everybody else so you want to buy another house fantastic what happens if you lose your job you know you lose both the houses because you'll go under a defaulter your assets will become in NPA and you know the bank is not going to give you any sort of moratorium or anything of that order so which means you know come six months nine months and both your properties will be on the block and you can't even stop it the surface he act is so powerful so please do not go you know overboard you are already overboard now a good rule of thumb is to not pay more than fifty percent across all your EMIs from whatever your salary is because then you know you want to obviously spend about thirty or forty percent of that or at least about twenty five percent for your expenses and if you don't save twenty thirty percent of your income you will never make layer long-term assets so you make those long-term message which will help you on retirement other education goals and other financial goals that you might have for you and your family so therefore you are already way above the board even when your salary goes up to 65,000 even in that kind of a situation you will be somewhere in the range of about you know little less little short of fifty percent which leaves a little bit of a gap you know but then invest that money I don't think this is the time to buy the property but still to answer your question with this little increment that you're going to have you can approximately expect that you know if your income is going up from forty to sixty five thousand that means you can have an additional loan and somewhere in the range of about 10 to 15 or legs because you know half of your 25,000 which is about 12,000 is which will be taken as your am I so depending on the tenure in the rate of interest prevailing 10 to 20 lakhs is 10 to 12 lakhs 15 lakhs maybe at max so that's your loan you know yogesh are taking off from Karthik's advice just now here's what I would recommend to you you could actually go ahead invest that surplus that are going to get to answer salary increases invested surplus and save up again make a nest egg which you can then use to find your second home so the home loan that you would probably end up taking for home for your second home you know that could be that much lesser so you could actually use it as two to create the down payment and a little more than down payment for a second home or you probably have to delay the dream of the second home for another year or two but it should work out better in the bargain however that's a call that you need to take at the end of the day so go ahead figure out what works best for you and take the decision you can watch live TV on our website MP now dot in find us on facebook at facebook.com forward slash magic tricks now and don't forget to click the like button you can also follow us on twitter at magic bricks now to stay updated with all our programming hit the subscribe button on our youtube channel by logging on to youtube.com forward slash magicbricks now

- How to Network with Rich People | NYC EDITION: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys I'm in New York City let me tell you something we can make plans but the final outcome is in God's hands you never know how he's gonna engineer your anything they want to accomplish in their life so much Alan there's someone with so much knowledge and understanding that you need to have but now it's time to act on your biggest dreams and believe more than ever before forget the criticism forget the meteors forget the people that say you can't leave yourself forget anything that has nothing to do with who are about to become believe the crew your pop be telling you this in your breakthrough year this year will you receive mighty blessings and you become the greatest version of who you were meant to be pioneers alright guys happy new years happy January we're coming to you from New York City I'm about to take my lady out see the city there's so much to do and we're about to go and experience a New York bagel because she's never had one me growing up in New York I've had a lot of them but I actually forgot what it tastes like so let me go remind myself and by the way since her name is Shivani and we're about to get a bagel I call her cheb Agel so let's go so here we are about to do it big hey guys okay a ball falling hard ha how's your day going suburban guys when it comes to doing anything you have to think big look you have the option to think small or you can think big you might as well think as big as possible don't go small you've been small before it's not worth going back to you continue to think big don't be blanketed in your fears don't have any doubts have complete belief and who you are and what you're about to do and I'm telling you big blessings are coming your way so always think big and everything you do in every action that you take warmest looking furry hat Daniel found let's see how it is I always say it's worth it like this keeps you warm you guys thing you like that yes like that I say yes I'm there because I look cozy do I look cocked on so it's the first day of the year and Daniel is taking us out somewhere nice well I'm gonna take her to the River Cafe in Brooklyn so we can overlook Manhattan quick fact look it's not only a five-star restaurant but you have to know that it was in an abandoned area and one entrepreneur saw that there was a tremendous opportunity in Brooklyn to overlook the Manhattan skyline and so he took a risk and decided to go all the way build this restaurant and now everyone comes as the main attraction to one the finest restaurants in the world so let's go and see what the River Cafe is all about we have arrived to a restaurant the River Cafe look how beautiful this is for her entrance right next to the Brooklyn Bridge with this incredible view if you didn't know now you know Daniel is so romantic we're Brooklyn at we're Brooklyn at this part of Brooklyn the best part of Brooklyn I can never take you I'm telling you [Music] our guys win the River Cafe we're having a good time and I'm gonna tell you something when you do fine dining good to understand you have to be on point every single moment your tie has to be straight your purse has to fit your shoulders every detail matters not only for the consumer side but from the producer side Ernst is trying to record a blog like this and being ready when the food come and enjoying the moment that takes a lot of effort I'm telling you we're doing this successfully but I'm also telling you that even though we're doing it successfully those challenges these challenges and everything you do if you want to accomplish greatness you got to take a risk you got to do what it takes you got to pay the price and if you do that then everything's gonna work I then find that newsworthy I'm telling you that details matter five stars don't even question it don't even think to yourself that you can't afford it that is too expensive because when you dine five stars you think bigger you think higher you think further and you want to do even more that's how it's always been and that's how it always be it's always think big always do everything you know is right hey the price guys do everything on the highest level and I promise you the end of your life you won't regret the decisions that you made when you were younger here we are at the River Cafe hope you guys are enjoying this experience I only want you to be with me and the time is near so I know some of you guys gonna be joining me some of you guys on the verge of becoming millionaires you're building your wealth building your companies you're building your future I look forward to watching your success as we grow together at 2019 and many years afterwards hi guys I know I'm dropping a lot of Secrets but I just met a venture capitalist was a multi-billionaire here in New York then a lot of times people come to me they ask me Daniel how do I find investors how do I find people because won't invest my business won't give me money that's so simple in my favorite way is to be in a restaurants that they eat that basically everyone likes to eat and if you go with the rich people are and you eat with them and you have a conversation with them I'm telling you you're gonna meet investors I'm not saying enough to go and push and pitch and do all these things outrageously I'm just saying you have to be lovable headed you have to have the right approach just ask my idea the right business you work hard before you get to this point but if you have the right understanding of what it takes to pitch an investor and appeals to them in a way where they know that they're getting a reward then you're doing the right thing so why I'm basically saying is go out there meet people shake hands wherever you go and do whatever it takes to show people that you mean business

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielallyway [6 likes]: Since the 1st month of the year is officially over, I thought you’d enjoy how it all started. Let us know where we should go next!
  2. @EsaChinita [5 likes]: Very true what you said towards the end of the video. In order to be part of the high society one has to adapt to the high society.
  3. @NurHasanah-vi7cr [4 likes]: Daniel, You must love her so much! I can see it in your eyes. I'm happy for your happiness.
  4. @salemthaxton9279 [3 likes]: I want to be like you one day multimillionaire
  5. @MrHappySwag [2 likes]: Nice video brother, this will help me with my new career in PR 😊
  6. @jean_s8888 [2 likes]: Thanks for the great video! I'll get there very soon
  7. @nealfry7494 [2 likes]: Mr. Daniel Ally,
   " Thank you " & God Bless you & Your's " for all of your Outstanding 
Advice.
   I've been retired from Ford Motor Company for exactly 12 years and 1 month. However, I'm going back to work in a Mico Brewing business this year. 
   Thanks to you"!"
Sincerely, 
Neal Fry from Detroit, Michigan.
  8. @toddtoure7041 [1 likes]: Continued Success to You Daniel..Get ThatCake$$$$
  9. @marvelousmabaso [1 likes]: Durban, South Africa
  10. @Lfavored777 [1 likes]: Living large!! Love it!!🤩
  11. @truepresense435 [1 likes]: Thanks very much Daniel, I think we should go to buying dinner for the worthy so as to tap on how they all started from scratch. Its really a beautiful video, Hi to your woman. God bless bro.
  12. @gitaujosphat573 [1 likes]: Always wanted to start a business had no idea why it doesn't kick in now I know think big...thanks Daniel.
  13. @cnin [1 likes]: God bless you!
  14. @Legendaryhutch [1 likes]: I enjoyed this video 😎😎
  15. @thelight2379: Thanks you guys that was sooooo beautiful and lovely and so are you all🌉🌇💟
  16. @gustavor9229: John:3    27
  17. @brandiabbassi7756: You nailed it within the first 15 seconds of this video!!
  18. @FZAChannel: Don’t be blanketed In your fears!
  19. @Faisalkhan01730: Please brooo send  me whatsapp number.my email.faisalkniazi12@gamil.com
  20. @elderbocardo: El portero fue lo mejor. La mejor de las vibras

- How to Network: Networking Etiquette Tips for Professionals: Kind: captions Language: en business networking love it or hate it it is critical for your Career Success you need to know how to do it and you need to know how to do it well in this video you're going to learn how to improve your networking skill at networking events so you can come across as somebody who is poised confident and warm these tips will help you build your professional reputation and make valuable Connections in business it's up to you what you do with those connections afterwards if you like the sound of what you're going to learn then hit the like button subscribe to my channel for more content like this and let's get straight into it one of the most basic tips that most people Overlook when it comes to networking and going to networking events is to find out who is going to be there the purpose of this is to go into the networking event prepared and with a strategy so you know exactly who to talk to at networking events you have limited time you have limited time to meet people and to have conversations you don't want to waste your time talking to somebody who can have no impact whatsoever ever on your career so you need to be a lot more strategic about who you talk to at networking events now I know what you're thinking you're probably saying to yourself well that's really shallow Cara you never know who you're going to meet at a networking event you should keep all opportunities open that is true to some extent but from my experience when you go to a networking event you go there with a purpose you go there to meet people who can connect you to a new job if you're a job hunting you go there to meet new clients if you aren't running your own business or if you're in an organization and you need to look for clients you go to those networking events with a purpose in mind if you fill your time the whole time you spend at that networking event talking to this person talking to that person it is very likely you will never achieve the purpose you had of going to that networking event you will walk away from that event not having achieved anything not having met anyone of significance of importance who can help you in your career here I know this through my experience going to many networking events as a business person that you really need to have strategy you need to be prepared you need to find out who is going to be there it doesn't mean you need to spend all of your time talking to people on your list who is going to be there leave some time to open yourself up to New Opportunities if you want but please do go with some type of preparation to at least meet two maybe three people who can help you in your career or help you achieve the goals that you want to achieve now how do you find out who is going to be at the event well a lot of the time the events are posted on Eventbrite on Facebook or even on LinkedIn they are posted on this on those platforms and you can actually see on the event page who is interested in going or who is actually going to be attending those events so take a look at the pages where those events are posted online if that fails you can always ask the event organizer they may or may not tell you who will be attending the event but there's no harm in asking right arriving early gives you a fantastic advantage to see who is entering the room and to start conversations with the people you want to talk to so stand near the door or near the bar both of these areas are great Vantage points to see who is entering in the room and to be able to approach them as soon as they enter another advantage of arriving early is that you are already there when people enter the room now when people enter the room you have to understand that they usually go through a period of feeling a bit nervous a bit stressed a bit uncomfortable because they don't know who to talk to they don't know what the first thing is that they should do when they enter the room you have the advantage of being able to approach them to start a conversation to introduce yourself to help them feel more comfortable and more relaxed at the event which of course will help you give a good first impression and help that person to remember you more if you are at a networking event looking for someone to talk to looking to enter an already established conversation you need to know the right way to do it sometimes groups will be very closed off people will be standing very close together it will be very difficult for you to enter that conversation and start to talk to someone other times groups will be very open and there'll be lots of opportunity for you to enter the group and to enter the conversation as well how can you tell the difference how do you know which is an easy group to approach or a difficult group to approach well you need to look at the body language of the people in the group if they are standing close together if there is not much space at all in between the people in the group then that means they are very closed to anyone else entering the group it's going to be very difficult for you to enter the group and to start talking to anyone in that conversation I recommend you avoid those types of groups on the other hand if there is a group where people have gaps in between them or if they're using very open body language maybe they are not directly facing the other person they're slightly angled away from the other person this is an indication that they are open they're opening up the group for other people to approach them for other people to enter the conversation and start talking when you see groups like this at networking events whether it's one person whether it's three people or more than three people this is your opportunity to approach them and to enter the conversation and meet new people you can learn a lot just by reading someone else's body language if you liked what you have learned so far in this video then please hit the like button subscribe to my channel for more videos like this every week and let's continue on using a business card case is one of my favorite tips to share with emerging leaders when it comes to networking events a business card case will absolutely make make you look polished and professional like no one else does if you're wondering what a business card case is it is a small pouch where you store your own business cards and also the business cards of other people this ensures that both your business cards and the other person's business cards remain neat organized and secure a business card case is something I use religiously for every networking event or a business function that I go to I have been using a business card case ever since I was working in Japan it is a tip that I picked up over there and I absolutely love how it can really make you look a lot more polished a lot more confident and a lot more organized as well which definitely helps you give a positive first impression when you meet people for the first time there are so many different types of business card cases out there it's really important you find one that matches both your personality and also your leadership brand I definitely recommend that you get a business card case but if you want want to start with some options that could be really helpful for you I have linked to some options in the description below I do need to let you know those links are affiliate links so if you do purchase from them I will earn a small commission at no cost to you the next tip for networking events is to avoid eating now I know at networking events there are some amazing food there and it is really tempting to wanna eat all the food that is served to you or presented to you or offered to you at the networking event but you need to go back to the purpose of why you are at the event you are there to meet people you are there to have conversations how can you have a conversation if you have a mouthful of food you won't look polite if you're talking with your mouth full you won't feel comfortable and you won't feel confident either I recommend you eat before the event that way you won't be tempted by all the delicious food that's offered to you and you can focus on your main purpose of going to the event which is to meet people when you start talking to people at a networking event I recommend you start the conversation by asking non-threatening questions what do I mean by non-threatening questions these are questions that are really easy to answer they're not too prying they're not too interrogative in nature you see when you meet someone at a networking event they will be nervous just like you they're likely to be stressed when you start a conversation with them they'll probably be very wary about who you are or what you want what your intentions are they might be worried that you're going to try to sell them something immediately or try to get them to say yes to some kind of request you need to help them relax you need to bring down their defense mechanism you need to get them comfortable talking to you and you do this by asking non-threatening questions have you been to this event before how did you find out about this event and the dreaded question what do you do you I know a lot of you are probably thinking that is so boring it is so typical to be asked that question at a networking event but it is extremely effective in getting the other person to talk to you and getting the other person to feel relaxed around you why because they expect you to ask them this kind of question if you start to ask some questions out of left field questions they don't expect they will start to become cautious they'll put up their defense mechanism they won't be able to relax with you and they probably won't want to continue the conversation with you either how can you meet people who can help you in your career if you're not able to talk to them if you're not able to have an in-depth conversation with them so you need to find ways to bring down their natural defense mechanism get them relaxed to get them to talk to you and you do this by asking non-threatening questions and the handshake you give conveys a lot about who you are as a professional I've had bad handshakes I'm sure you have had bad handshakes at some stage in your career as well they definitely make you notice there are definitely memorable but they don't help you to remember that person in a positive way you don't want people to have this reaction of you you don't want people to think this of you any less of you because you gave a bad handshake I want you to be able to connect with people I want you to be able to get people to like you at networking events this is how you can build a relationship with that person networking events are the first point of contact with someone if they don't like you at their first point of contact then you have no hope of developing a relationship with them so it's really important that you give a positive impression and you give a good handshake or the right handshake to convey the right impression there are many different types of handshakes there is the dead fish handshake where the other person has a slightly clammy hand and it feels a little moist there is the queen handshake where the other person offers you just their fingers instead of their entire hand to shake then there is the limp handshake where they offer you their entire hand but there is no strength to their shake you want to use a strong confident handshake so that is exactly the impression people form about you and here's how you do it you need to make sure you have web to web contact when you shake the other person's hand this is the first step you need to wrap your hand around the other person's hand firmly then you need to shake up and down two to three times then you can let go a handshake is generally the only physical contact you're going to have with someone at a networking event so you really want to make it count we haven't talked at all about body language but body language is extremely important for networking events it's extremely important to help you look more confident and look more poised and professional when you meet people I do have a two-part series on my Channel about body language which I will link to in the description below or you can click on this video right here if you want to watch the first part of this two-part series before you go if you did like this video hit the like button and subscribe to my channel for more content like this every week thank you so much for watching this video and I will see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @benjosephblue [20 likes]: Kara, c’mon, let me grab a spring roll or something :) helpful stuff, thank you.
  2. @TheTruthAintInYa [5 likes]: I have to disagree with the first one. You shouldn’t be trying to manipulate the situation rather than let things happen naturally and just be open minded
  3. @Uprooted-JediFabian [4 likes]: I always carry an extra breath sprays and hand it out or let someone else use mine as a networking tool! We all have to eat and usually that event is the first half of our dinner so pass out your business card or digital one!
  4. @mrs.becomes1234 [1 likes]: How do you find these events, they are not advertised anywhere?
  5. @Abhishek-hw3nw [1 likes]: Asking good question, ask non threatening question is the key. 👍 ❤
  6. @gustom3654: Nice! If can share more common topic to start conversation, it will be nice to
  7. @DanielDiaz-fg7ej: Ethical leadership is fundamental for building trust and accountability within organisations. Leaders must demonstrate integrity and transparency.
  8. @marjn1030: i think it's best to network with people doing what you want to do or where you want to go career wise and just start off collecting data with the people you meet....mindset, beliefs, and what patterns you notice, ect.
  9. @Wallabiway: This video sucks. Waste of time
  10. @aaronkarres3603: You missed a crucial piece of advice given the basic nature of the information in this video. Don’t bring your mom to the event to speak for you.
  11. @Compatible-n7h: Loved it
  12. @JDNigma: Excellent tips. I admit the food can distract me. And I tend to stick in closed groups and sometimes forget to approach the right people due to fear of rejection
  13. @alialvi8909: An amazing video.
  14. @cindywam-z8220: Beautiful tips🔥👌🏽
  15. @가족심리토크룸: I hope you continue growing your channel. Videos like this are truly necessary! Does anyone have a different viewpoint on this topic? Share your opinion!
  16. @관계치유카페: This video is really amazing, thank you for sharing such valuable knowledge! Has anyone tried this method? Share your thoughts and experience below!
  17. @감정회복저널: You’re doing awesome! Please keep sharing more insightful videos like this one! Do you think this solution is effective? Share your thoughts below!
  18. @가족소통대화클리닉: I can’t wait for your next video, this one is truly useful! I’m sure you have a different perspective, share it in the comments!
  19. @내면여정스토리: This video is really amazing, thank you for sharing such valuable knowledge! Has anyone tried this method? Share your thoughts and experience below!
  20. @davidstein9129: Thanks for the video, Cara.

- Make Rich Friends (Without Money): Kind: captions Language: en here's how I went from knowing zero people to getting Mark Cuban to invest in my company and Richard Branson invited me to spend a week at his house in Switzerland so here's the deal I recently had a bunch of my high-end clients in town in this place called Kelowna where I live in British Columbia and as we went around to visit different companies and had speakers come in and I hosted them all at my house a lot of them came to me and said hey man like you've only been here for a little over a year and a half how have you created this network of not only incredible entrepreneurs but a lifestyle where you're you're doing Founders hikes every Tuesday and there's mountain bike nights and there's wake surf Fridays and all these different aspects of my lifestyle that for me I didn't even think anything of it they were like I want to create this in my city and what I did is I sat down and I unpacked it because people have come to me over the years and be like how did you build this network how do you get Mark Cuban to decide to write you a check for 250 Grand not on Shark Tank for your company like who did you know to get them to do that or why did you spend a week with Richard Branson with Tim Ferriss and the co-founder of square and the founder of Braintree that sold for 800 million like what happened in your life that got people to want to spend time with you and invite you to do these things and what I want to share with you is my strategies for networking with billionaires creating value when you feel like you don't have a lot to give or reach out to people in a way that doesn't look douchey I mean so many people do this wrong and I want to break down the four key areas that I think will take your networking your ability to add value to another level number one is become valuable even without confidence you know when I moved to San Francisco I was 28 years old this was 2008 and I didn't know a soul I went there with my mountain bike and my backpack and I wanted to network I wanted to meet other entrepreneurs and I thought I had a good strategy I'm just going to go around to coffee shops and meet people and just say hi and start conversation it was so crazy what happened to me was I would be there you know trying to meet people and I'd talk to this person and they would go what do you do and I would say well you know what nothing much I just moved here and immediately they would lose interest and this happened to me day over day over day until eventually I was like all right I need to say I do something because these people have zero patience for somebody that's clueless So eventually I just told people I help startups with marketing because that's what I was really good at and immediately they went like I'm a startup I need marketing and then I realized that that skill that value was a high value skill that it's something that if I know the person has a channel around I can offer it now here's a tip see most people that have a high value skill think that they could just offer it but that's not where the magic happens what I got really good at what I'm going to encourage you to do is figure out how to ask questions to uncover the problem to insert your high value skill see most of you guys want to go straight to the offer but they're immediately gonna go like I don't have that problem what you need to figure out is how to ask the questions to uncover the problem that allows the thing that you can help them on to be a natural offer right too often we put the heavy lifting on the person we're trying to build relationship with when we got to do it ourselves by getting really good at asking questions to get even better at this I want to teach you the knowledge triangle okay anytime I'm trying to build a skill or learn something I always think of these three core areas what are the top three books around this subject what are the top three seminars or places I could go to learn more around this subject and who are the top three people in this industry that I should follow or I should pay to learn from that knowledge triangle will take you from not feeling valuable about what you do to becoming really world class at it and offering that up when you identify the problem the person is having where you can insert your high value skill number two is how to add value when you don't have a skill see a lot of people are like well I don't know where I can be helpful I don't have a thing like sales or marketing that can help somebody get a result really quick right I'm not not that organized I'm not good at project management I'm not that outgoing I just don't have that skill here's the thing that I underestimated for years and it's the idea of bringing people together that alone adds a ton of value for people back when I was in my early 20s I read this incredible book by a guy named Keith frazi called Never Eat Alone and in this book he argues that one of the best ways to build relationships deep meaningful connections with people is to break bread with them and I was thinking to myself there's no way that any person that's in business is going to take time out of their day to come eat a meal with me if there's no way for me to add value now this is the trick is what Keith suggested is also invite other people that that person should get to know and here's why that's a beautiful strategy is just by bringing them together you become valuable to that person you know I taught this to my friend Scott Alford back when he was a teenager if you don't know who Scott is he's a very successful online entrepreneur and I met him when he lived in Newfoundland Canada this this island on the Atlantic coast of Canada and he was a young teenager and I invited him to a Founder's lunch that I hosted while I was speaking at this event and he was so taken back by the fact that you know he reached out to me for advice I invited him to this launch I invite these other entrepreneurs he met these other speakers and he was just like wow that's really interesting do you always do this and I'm like yeah it's something I've been doing for a long time I read this book I told him about it and Scott took that to another level he literally went to New York City organized a ton of dinners went to Toronto organized a ton of dinners and he built his Network when you see the network he's created today and the people that he knows it was a huge byproduct of just bringing people together and the value is in them knowing each other and they contribute it to you so execute the dinner strategy here's how to do it it's three steps One schedule it first to group it meaning start recruiting people to add to the group and then third connect it meaning that after the dinner I want you to connect everybody with each other cell phones emails just ask everybody at the meal if they're okay with it and be the person that brought them together the third strategy is how to be a fan of somebody without being a weirdo you know I used to think that I don't want to be that guy you know those people that they run around they meet somebody that's doing something interesting and they're always like glad handing and they're like asking for a photo oh in there they're just it's almost like they're collecting relationships right they're they it's it you're not even sure if they even know what that person has done they're just like oh that person's important so I'm going to take a picture with them so I never wanted to be that guy but what I've come to appreciate and understand is I want to be other people's biggest fans and the way I do this in a very tasteful way is every day when I'm on social media I try to identify three people that I acknowledge what they're doing that I think the content they're putting out there is really great so if you know somebody that's had some kind of achievement they won an award and you're friendly with them send them a message and just be like congratulations like wow that must have been so hard I'm really impressed with your persistence like this is really inspiring me to think better or bigger about my own life send them that message I'm telling you the more you do that with the people that have the blue check marks you will start to build a relationship you're not saying that they're better than you or or that you're here and they're up on this pedestal you're just acknowledging that that moment that thing is really impressive and what I love about it is that it allows me to listen to my heart on what are the moments when I'm going through social media that resonated with me that day and it could be on Tick Tock it could be on Instagram it could be in the news but just send those messages because too often I think we think it and we just assume that person is bombarded with messages and they don't hear from anybody you know you read a book and you're like man this this book really transformed my life and the author leaves the email in the last page of the book and you're like man I would love to go and email that author but I don't do it I'm telling you from experience because I've done it with most books I've read email the author and thank them for writing the book will get a response almost 100 of time why because they poured their heart into it and for you to have read that whole book and get to the place where they put their email they know that you showed up you did the work and they're going to acknowledge that with a reply it is one of the coolest thing is to become somebody's fan and and let them know what they're doing this is hyping you up that's motivating you to do better in your own life volunteer your time to the biggest problems people have so you can build your network when I moved to San Francisco I didn't know a soul and I remember I was just going through meeting people and trying to add value and eventually I came across this lady named Cassie and Cassie had this event called failcon and we were talking I was just praising her about how cool this event was and just off the cuff I just mentioned to her hey if you ever need help with recruiting speakers let me know and she's like actually that's a big problem that I always have when I'm doing these events would you mind helping out and I was like not at all here's what I learned by offering to volunteer is that the person that recruits the speakers gets to build the relationship with the speakers and now I had something valuable to reach out to really notable people incredible entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley that I can then take that relationship hand it to Cassie she thinks I'm great the speaker thinks that I know Cassie and I'm involved in Falcon which I wasn't and now I built these relationships I've seen this over and over and over again I remember meeting an incredible entrepreneur named Chandler bolt okay he's become a very good friend of mine and he was a volunteer at the first ever Mastermind talks event this thing's been going on for 10 years it's seen in the industry as the premier event to go to and Chandler started as a volunteer now he's a participant it is crazy when people are like I don't know anybody I don't have a network how do I get plugged in volunteer with your time you know my last event every time I do my events I have a Handler and oftentimes my team reaches out to our followers on social media asking anybody if they're in that City that would like to to help me get around like oftentimes I need somebody to help me navigate you know the venue and where I'm supposed to be and make sure my laptop's brought here and all the stuff so we have somebody support me on that front and it is somebody who acts as a volunteer now they get to spend eight hours with me you know and if you've been following my stuff for a while um that's a big opportunity for them to see how I operate to ask me questions to really dig into opportunities for me to support their lives and that always comes from volunteering so I want to encourage you if you want to build your network find the people that already bringing other folks together and volunteer to help them with whatever they need whatever their biggest problem is volunteer offer to help show up be on time over deliver and you will create Goodwill that will go on years and decades later to support you in your dreams one of my favorite quotes on this topic is from Keith frazi and it states that the currency of networking is not greed but generosity so go out there and be of service to other people offer your time your skill your connections your resources and that will build the Goodwill and the relationships to unlock your biggest opportunities for you and as per usual I want to challenge you to live a bigger life and a bigger business I'll see you next Monday foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @danmartell [44 likes]: Building a world-class network doesn't have to be hard. In this video, I'll show you how to create a powerful network from the ground up. Check it out!
  2. @JonathonBowman-i9v: Why is he in a white shirt?
  3. @fatmaOmayr: How to then benefit from them after knowing them?!
  4. @koka-kaito: Wow! You ARE actually saying something useful! No genuinely, I'm so used to millionares here telling same things in their videos, but nothing that you can use when don't have any money yet! Thank you for sharing!
  5. @tinhentech: I would like your professional insight on a critical business ethics issue. As the original Project Initiator and Facilitator, I have successfully established high-level government coordination for a large-scale project. Now that the pathways are open, a consultant from our partner firm has stepped in, sidelined me, and is aggressively forbidding me from communicating with the government on their behalf.
​I possess full documentation and a paper trail proving that every milestone achieved was the result of my facilitation. Is it strategically effective—and ethically sound—to bypass this consultant and present my documented evidence directly to the Board of Directors or the Government stakeholders to assert my role? What is the most professional way to handle such 'project hijacking' without sabotaging the project’s future?
  6. @sassyshawnzie: You live in Kelowna??? That is funny
Love Kelowna!!!!
  7. @Andreea-p2p: Can I be your friend?
  8. @j9_njoroge: Thanks for this!
  9. @chandrawellnesscoach: After a long time I felt I needed to watch this video repeatedly over the next few weeks as there are points that I need to sink and imbibe... useful for me to go to my next level.... thanks... nice video
  10. @Clarityceo3: I’m getting into this. What happens when they connect and don’t need you anymore?
  11. @relaxingandstudysounds9051: @danmartell 
Can I be a volunteer for AI. I’m a good software architect… but have no idea about business xd
  12. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  13. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  14. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  15. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  16. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  17. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  18. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  19. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.
  20. @nasrinshaikh7035: Hey....Just wanna say that I know that if you people are watching this video then you must had an impressive mindset...so..it doesn't matter to be friends with rich only because all we need is there mindset....So....I wanna be your friend. 
Anyone interested can reply to this comment and I will email my WhatsApp number to them...maybe we could have a group of sharp mind or something....and I am.also gonna spam this comment because I am serious regarding this.

- Tom Friel: How to Network: Kind: captions Language: en [MUSIC] We talk a lot about networks. Most people don't have any idea how big their networks in fact really are. Your networks are enormous. I mean, you start with the people in the room, you start with everybody they know. You start with people that they know. You look at graduates of Stanford, people that they know, the places that they've worked. Before you know it, you can define your network literally as being hundreds of thousands of people. Because anybody who can make a connection to somebody that might be willing to help you, is in fact part of your network. And you may not even know who they are, but they're part of your network and you can make that work for you. If you want to meet somebody, somebody, usually somebody in the Stanford Business School alumni, Kim Marie will make that introduction for you. If you can figure out the right way to get to him and the right way to ask that question. GSB alums will usually help. I'll make this point because I always make it and that is, almost anybody is going to be willing to help you. I'd be willing to help you, your classmates would be willing to help you. Your professors and alumni will be willing to help you, but very few of them are going to be willing to do your homework for you. And so, an example, if you call me and say, Tom, I want to get into, I don't know, venture capital. Would you introduce me to some venture capitalists? What? That's a lazy question, okay? But if you said, I've got two years in the venture capital industry, and I'm working on a project that Josh Greene and More David Dahl is a board member of. I know you know Josh, because I know you work with him on a board. Would you be willing to introduce me to Josh Greene so that I can have a conversation about this project that I know he's interested in? Now, night and day, those two questions. The first one general, requires work on my part. And I'm not going to go do a lot of work to try to figure out what you could have figured out and didn't. But the second one, if I believe that that's a very credible question, it takes me about 30 seconds to pop off an email to Josh and say, look, this is somebody I think you ought to meet. And they've specifically picked you out of the hundreds or thousands of venture capital people because of your experience in this company. And they're interested in that and they think they have something to add, would you meet with them for 15 to 20 minutes? Specific on the one hand, general on the other hand. They said pick specific targets, make specific requests. And then if somebody does you a favor, particularly somebody that didn't have any reason to do it other than they were just trying to help you. After the thing is done, you met with Joshua Hunter, go back, send them an email and tell him what happened. Hey, I met with Josh, thanks for setting that up. I'm not sure what's going to come out of it, but I really appreciate it, we're going to stay in touch, thank you. Believe me, that will pay dividends later. First of all, it's just good common courtesy if somebody did something for you that they didn't have to do to call them up and thank them and tell them what happened because they're probably curious. It also leaves that door open to go back to them again in the future because they've got a good feeling about you. This is somebody that handled that right and they'd be willing to go do another favor for you down the road. Whereas I've got a lot of people, I won't name them, maybe I will later a few, but who seems like every couple of years would call me up and say, Tom, it's been so long since we've talked. I really wanted to get back to you and see how you were doing. Well, I'm doing fine. [LAUGH] How are you doing? Well, I'm getting work out of looking for a job. Well, what happened with the last thing that you called me about two years ago that he never came back and told me what happened about that? And maybe I'll be polite to him, maybe I won't. More likely they don't, somehow I'm out of town or something when that call comes in and my EA just handles it, it never sees the light of day. Stay connected to the people who've helped you.

- How to navigate networking events and leave a lasting impression: Kind: captions Language: en Strong people skills can contribute to a successful life and career. Those who have those qualities make an average of $29,000 more than Americans with average people's skills. They're also 42% happier with their lives. Vanessa Van Edwards is the lead behavior investigator at the research lab, Science of People. She uses experiments to help even the most awkward person make a positive impression. Van Edwards has consulted for Fortune 500 companies like Clean and Clear, American Express, and cyber security company Semantic. She now has a new book called Captivate: The Science of Succeeding with People. In it, she shares how to talk to anyone and be the most memorable person in the room. Vanessa, welcome to Studio 57. We are all ears. We are all ears. You call yourself a recovering awkward person, which I'm sure none here. All of everyone, all of us, none of us. What does that mean and how did you do it? Yeah. So, I was that kid who was terrified of recess, would beg my teachers not to go out on the playground and you can say, "Oh goodness, my mom is going to be like, why did they use that picture?" So, that was me as a kid. And as an adult, I always wondered, is there a way to study human behavior? Are there formulas for charisma or blueprints for personality? And so, I started a lab to figure out if we could crack the code from a science perspective. When you found out, you could ask me the same question. What did you find? Awkward. So, we're experts in those. That's good. So, yes. So, we found out that there are patterns that we can study. Um, we did an experiment actually with conversation starters. And I don't know about you, but I go to a lot of networking events and the questions everyone asks, what do you do and how are you? And we found we actually asked people to rate conversation starters and look at quality of conversations. We found those were the lowest ranking conversation starters. What works a lot better are what I call sparkers. Um this is when you ask people to think for all the exciting things in their life. So you ask someone working on anything exciting recently or what was the highlight of your day? In a way you're asking the brain to look for hits and not misses which is more dopamine producing. What's the best way? Now Charlie and Norah how to do this because they're pros. What's the best way to work a room? Oh yes. So when I got to events I'd always wonder where do I stand? Who do I talk to? So, we analyzed, we set up cameras around networking events and followed people's foot patterns. And we found that super connectors, those really, you know, they really know how to do it. They get the most cards stand in a specific spot in every networking event. And this is called the social zone. It's right as people exit the bar. So, when people exit the bar, they kind of have their drink and they're like, who do I talk to? And if you are their social savior, you're that person there. That's that sweet spot where you make really high quality conversations. You know what? I've never learned if you are at a party and you're talking to someone. Yes. In a good conversation, people who walk over Yeah. as if there's no one else there and start talking to you and interrupt. What do you Yeah. What do you do? So that actually is the best kind of bid for belonging. So what you want to do from a non-verbal perspective is there's research that shows that when we are attuned to someone, our toes angle towards that person. So if you don't want someone to interrupt you, the best thing you can do is actually close out your body. So if we wanted to talk, we didn't want Charlie to talk to us, we could just talk, the two of us angling our toes towards the other. So first it's angle in. And if someone comes in the conversation, your best bet is to put your arm put your hand on their arm. So I see you. Ask them to wait their turn. And then say, "So what brings you over here? What are you doing here?" That's that's kind of a nice way. Yeah, exactly. On that note, what are the other non nos you want to avoid? Okay, so biggest trap at a networking event. These were the lowest quality of conversations. Most people stand right at the beginning, right? When you're taking off your coat, you're like kind of surveying the room. The problem is is in those conversations, we saw the most overhead gazing, you know, when someone's kind of Oh, yeah. looking to see. So, the best thing to do is to try to avoid that start zone and stand with an ey line of the host. So, if the host can see you, they're much more likely to kind of grab you and say, "Hey, I really want to introduce you to that person." And then you can kind of gesture, how do you know the host? How did you come here? That's kind of is avoiding that trap in the beginning and getting to the the sweet spot. What about the you say faking it until you make it is not worth the effort. Yes. So there's this really interesting research. Explain what fake it until you make it is. Yeah. It's basically forcing yourself. Forcing yourself. What is that term? I've never heard of it before. I'm Charlie Rose. Yes. So awesome. Yes. So when you look at faking it, Dr. Dr. Barbara Wild found that there are there's fake smiles, right? We all know this. The hi, nice to see you. Never and never never we never do that. That we can actually tell if someone's doing a fake smile. In fact, that doesn't infect us as positively more than a positive smile. So, if you show up to events you don't really like, people can kind of catch that emotion, the difference between a fake smile and a real smile. Well, finally Charlie has the secrets to success. Make some Yes, Charlie. We did it. His next social event. Okay, Vanessa Van Edwards, thank you. Captivate is on sale

  Top Comments:
  1. @goodnoise4music [63 likes]: Good advices. Okay let me summarize it,
Things to do:
1. Start a conversation with conversation sparkers.
2. Finding the sweet spot, the social zone, where people exit the bar. 
3. Angle in our body to the person we are talking to if we don't want our conversation to be interrupted by someone else. 
4. Stand with an eyeline of the host

Things not to do: 
1. Hovering at the boundary of the start zone.
2. Lingering near the bathroom.
3. Floating around the food table.
4. Faking your smile.

Feel free to add in if I have missed out any points, cheers.
  2. @catDrama786 [17 likes]: Farting in room full of people would make me memorable. Focus should be on making good impression.
  3. @jesseatwater393 [16 likes]: Yeah, right, you go up to A COMPLETE STRANGER and say "Have any vacations coming up" or "What are you working on today?" when you don't even know what they do.
  4. @BarrettLarsen-p3g [9 likes]: Just applied these at a local event and made three real connections
  5. @jb9433 [7 likes]: The Passive Aggressive States of America
  6. @kylesosamon4194 [7 likes]: bro was feeling up on that host
  7. @akpovincent2866 [5 likes]: Am completely enthralled and feel much drowned in this conversation, much love to the author but how can purchase a copy of the masterpiece over here in Nigeria?
  8. @NovaNomad-p6r [3 likes]: great
  9. @ideaplusagency [1 likes]: EXTREMELY helpful!
  10. @CEOLife [1 likes]: This is great advice! Thank you for sharing!
  11. @estherowo2706: Thank you so much.
  12. @beckydarrow: Wait so I’m supposed to touch strangers arms?? I don’t think so 😂
  13. @SasianeSaku: Would you recommend speed date style at all ? I’m a host how can I ensure that everyone feels comfortable an are mingling ? I want to give individuals different numbers eg if you are number 1 find number 3.
  14. @Epicdavefox: She became cute
  15. @DharunHinata110G.R: How to start learning
  16. @ddharshithaaj: How to start learning
  17. @johnmayes7781: onion news "today now' is a better show
  18. @abishekmadhu6813: Amazing speech
  19. @Tres03: 1:08
  20. @NaveenprasathCEME: Like

- What is a Family Office and Why Does it Matter?  | Ron Diamond | TEDxDavenport: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] it was a Sunday night in 1990 I was 24 years old I was living in New York I had a great job on Wall Street I was working in a firm called Drexel Burnham which at the time was the most profitable firm on Wall Street about 5:00 I'm watching the Chicago Bears game and I get a phone call and I'm watching with a couple friends and the phone rings so I pick up the phone games on loud in the background I couldn't hear anybody on the other line so I tell my friend turn turn turn the volume down on the other line it was my mom and she could barely talk and I knew something was wrong but I couldn't understand a word she was saying and then after about a minute I heard her say dad is dying my heart sank my dad was my hero and I knew nothing about what why he was perfectly healthy my dad developed prostate cancer and back in 1990 if you develop prostate cancer at that age it was very terminal at the exact same time that my dad developed prostate cancer that my first boss was the guy Nam Michael milin who was a Visionary financier working for Drexel Burnham he also developed prostate cancer so what did my dad do and what did Michael milin do what my dad did is what I would do and what most people would do you go get a second opinion a third opinion you go to the best actors in the world get the best opinions do everything you can and he did it and he lasted three and a half years and then he passed from prostate cancer Michael milin looked at this as a challenge and rather than just going to a bunch of the best doctors he said I want to solve this and what he did is he built this rather than giving $100 million to the American Cancer Society he built it like a venture capital firm so he spent $250,000 here 2 million here 3 million here and because of Michael milin most men if we live long enough will die with but not of prostate cancer he started this through something called his family office and it was the very first time I ever heard the term family office fast forward 30 years we go through once in a century pandemic Co we can't figure this out the entire world is shut down Bill Gates through his family office probably did more for the Cure of coid than the United States government so what is a family office and why does it really matter well a family office they a little background family offices the very first family office probably was the medich family and go you can go back a thousand years but in the United States basically go back to 1880 and Rockefeller and vanderbild built the first family offices but when you hear the term family offices today and it's a term many people have heard many people don't understand and very few people understand how to work with family offices but it will fundamentally change how many of the real world problems that we Face are cured and it's can also fundamentally change how businesses are financed and it makes a huge difference in order to have a family office the first one was in like I said was in 1880 was Rockefellers most of the family offices were started in the year since the year 2000 which is 68% of family offices today started since the year 2000 half of those started since the crash so this is a relatively new phenomenon but it's very fragmented very inefficient and very siloed I gave a speech I was chair at the disruptive technology Center for The Advisory board at Stanford University and I gave a speech to five family offices and I said said to each of them what is a family office and why did you create it and I had five completely different answers nobody was wrong nobody was right that's just kind of where we are in the evolution of family offices I would argue we're in the second inning most people have heard the term family office they don't really know what they do what they are a family office is very simple rather than running a company and selling product a comp a family has sold a business they've had a liquidity event typically in order for it to make economic sense to have a family office you need a minimum of $250 million the goal of the family office is severalfold one to grow the assets two to do estate planning wealth transfer philanthropy and grow the asset base and to pass the pass money Downstream with values which is much more important going forward family offices right now there's roughly 15,000 family offices throughout the world controlling $10 trillion now to put that in perspective there's roughly $6.5 trillion globally in the entire hedge fund Universe all the all the hedge funds but this is really what's impactful even more impactful during the next 20 years we are about to experience the largest transfer of wealth in the history of the world there's 84.4 trillion that's being transferred from the Baby Boomers to the next gen why does that matter the next gen looks at things I think through a little different lens sometimes than my generation or older Generations when I was younger and I bought a pair of jeans I didn't look at the back of the jeans to see where they were made who made them how they treated their employees I didn't have the internet I had we I the encyclopedia britanica my daughters they want to buy a purse they want to know who made it where it was made from how do they treat their employees what's their wages Etc and they can get that because they care and the Next Generation right now the new generation the next gen is very very concerned about things like climate things like income and equality things like poverty all the major issues this is why it's really really important we're leaving a tremendous amount of money but the hands that we're leaving it in in general most of these people feel a need to do something and give back I think that family offices from a philanthropic standpoint it's not a Panacea it's not going to solve all of the world's problems but many family offices like Michael milin or Bill Gates or several different ones they have a passion and they have a cause and they have the mean and they're going to run their philanthropy you can't run a philanthropy exactly like a business but you can run it more like a business and that is how many of these Phil that many of these real world problems are going to get solved I I think that family offices right now um from a philanthropic standpoint will make a massive difference but also from a business standpoint currently controlling $10 trillion with 84 trillion coming Downstream from the next to the Next Generation you're as the largest transfer of wealth in history we are going to see fundamentally The Way businesses are financed completely changed in the mid 80s when I started my career most of the companies there were a lot of privately held companies and some mostly publicly held companies the privately held companies in Industry started in the mid 80s private equity and exploded and it exploded because it was a better model than the publicly traded companies the publicly traded companies I used to run a hedge fund which meant if you run a company every 90 days you have to report to a guy like me or an analyst on Wall Street and let us know how you're doing it's a very difficult way to start to run a business private Equity made it was a better model 2% you're paying for covers the overhead 20% you're only making money if I only make money if you make money the model was better and private equity and Venture Capital exploded the problem is in general that many not all but many of the private Equity firms have bastardized the business and it's become an assets under management game because they're making 2% on all of the money that they raise and as a result of that there's an inherent conflict of interest and how they're compensated is they're compensated to sell companies every 3 5 years a family office has something called patient Capital patient Capital basically means that they don't have to sell anything when they can sell it whenever they want which is the way it should be well if you look at what how companies are financed today on Wall Street typically private Equity Firm a buys a company from a family they hold it for 3 to four years after four or five years they sell it because that's how their people are compensated they'll sell it to priv private Equity Firm 2 they'll hold it for 3 four 5 years sell it to private Equity Firm three and over a 20-year period you could see the company change hands four to five times so if you look at all the taxes and all the friction and the transaction costs and Mis and the disruption in companies that's a huge disruption versus a family office which is going to buy a company hold it for 20 years let it compound and then it that's a much better model I think right now Family offices as I said are very inefficient very fragmented very siloed but I think that's starting to change every major Bank every Law Firm every accounting firm is trying to tap into the family office Market that's where the money is and the Reason family offices matter so much is because there's going to be so much wealth concentrated in so few hands but a lot of the hands that it's going into really want to make an impact ful difference in lives it doesn't matter if it was milking with prostate cancer it doesn't matter if it's climate these are real world problems where we are today like I said I believe we're in the third inning of the in the evolution of family offices how I think this is going to play out is as private equity and Venture Capital disrupted the public markets in the mid 80s I believe that family offices are going to start and will ultimately disrupt the entire private equity and Venture Capital Universe they're not going to replace them but they will definitely disrupt them as a result of that the way companies are financed is going to change drastically and the reason that matters is because if you're a smart kid and you're at a good school and you want to get financed and you've got a great idea typically you want to event your Capital firm to get money well now you can go to a family office the problem with going to venture capital firm is you're one of 20 portfolio companies and of all those companies while they've backed you and that's terrific you've raised the money they can sell you whenever they want if you're backed by a family office they don't have to arbitrarily sell in three to four years they can hold it and be patient with it so they're going to make make better Partners but what family offices have to do is several things one we as a community have to come together as a family office Community there's a bunch of conferences out there a lot of the conferences out there are pay to play they it doesn't make sense in my opinion to go to to attend many of these conferences what we did at Stanford I put together a we started a family office initiative where we basically tried to put together a conference where people were just educating people that's it just trying to educate people on different markets and not trying to sell product we had 880 families from six continents on the call this was during Co we're in the process of setting this up with another major university that'll be announced in the next three months and what we're trying to do is to get this family office Community which are siloed and inefficient and fragmented bring them together under an umbrella and solve some of the real world problems from a philanthropic standpoint but also be able to learn to invest together and do things together um right now I would argue that family offices people who set up family offices probably 80% of the family offices that exist shouldn't exist now the way they're structured but that's going to change it's going to become more efficient it's going to become less fragmented and it's going to become less siloed so from a perspective of what is a family office and why does it matter it's not a Panacea these really really rich people aren't going to solve all the world's problems but if you look at it through the lens of climate or through the lens of Parkinson's or through the lens of prostate cancer or poverty or whatever whatever your issue is in my opinion it's not going to necessarily come from the government probably not going to come from the corporate sector it's the family offices that are going to solve a lot of these problems so over the next 3 to 5 years you're going to hear the term family office over and over and over again and understand when you hear the term family office don't just think a really really rich guy who's made a lot of money they did maybe their parents did maybe their grandparents did but think about the generation that's going to inherit the money that's going to try to solve these real world problems family offices will help to solve a lot of issues that are mandatory to solve thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @natashadickson4819 [4 likes]: 5:00 The goal of the family office is growth of assets, estate planning, wealth transfer with values, and philanthropy.
  2. @nolickspittle4753 [4 likes]: What a load of nonsense the next generation don't see then need to give back any more than the previous or current generations. They are just as entitled as those they accuse of entitlement and and once they get the money their fake mantras will stop. Why not laud those who have already given. You don't need to be rich to give, whatever you have relative to yourself is philanthropy!
  3. @c2buff [2 likes]: Who's here after Dame dash interview?
  4. @natashadickson4819 [2 likes]: 2:55 An innoculation, not a cure. There's a difference.
  5. @willtraylor3821 [2 likes]: For this guy to state the model of private equity is better than the public stock market (even with the cons he stated) and try to corruptly characterize this as an ethical argument tells you all you need to know about this sleaze.  Warren Buffett would get nauseous just listening to this drivel.
  6. @ishathorpe3039 [1 likes]: Great video, but the speaker didn't really explain what a family office was. Instead, he talked about how they compare to bigger corporate firms.
  7. @Yourfavoritefixers [1 likes]: Gates tries more than some others do ❤
  8. @natashadickson4819 [1 likes]: 4:21 Former Chair of the Distruptive Technology Center for the advisory board of Stanford University.
  9. @peterhickey9485 [1 likes]: Ron, this was excellent. Looking forward to speaking again. Thank you for sharing your insights.
  10. @theeverydailyshow [1 likes]: Get to the point sooner!
  11. @zshanpatel: white people can talk forever without actually saying anything
  12. @marcellinodadon1103: totally Not what i thought a family office was.
  13. @YJCVentures: Nicely explained with the storytelling.
  14. @tedrager2460: This guy is out of touch. Only super rich kids care about income equality.
  15. @randyc754: Bill Gates created w fauci COVID . BAD EXAMPLE!
  16. @PhilPerry254: Let me introduce you to Deep State, Ron.
  17. @Compatible-n7h: Totally disagree
  18. @PauloMzima: There's a shift coming..
  19. @kadekb5944: what is this talk about?
  20. @Sranda-m7r: If his father had gone to an acupuncturist most likely he would still be alive. Bad choices have bad consequences..

- How to Protect and Grow Family Wealth | Full Audiobook Breakdown: Kind: captions Language: en ever wonder why some families Thrive for Generations While others lose it all within a few years what if I told you that preserving family wealth goes far beyond money and that there's a blueprint to pass down not just your assets but also your family's wisdom values and purpose in family wealth by James E Hughes jrb we dive deep into how families can Safeguard not only their financial wealth but their human ual and Social Capital true building blocks of a lasting Legacy this book is packed with practical advice on creating strong family governance building meaningful legacies and educating future Generations it's not just about the money it's about keeping the family together aligned and thriving for Generations whether you're looking to strengthen your family's wealth for the long haul or simply seeking strategies to create stronger BS and shared values this book is for you trust me it's a GameChanger for anyone thinking about their family's future so if you want to know how to create a lasting Legacy hit that subscribe button give this video a thumbs up and join me as we explore the key insights from family wealth let's dive in well dive into part one of the book where Hughes redefines the concept of wealth and and explains why true family wealth goes far beyond Financial assets when we think of wealth most of us immediately picture Financial assets money stocks real estate and business Holdings but James Hughes challenges this traditional view in the first part of his book he argues that Financial wealth is only a small piece of the puzzle he introduces a broader more meaningful definition of family wealth that encompasses Three core elements human capital intellectual capital and Social Capital let's start with human capital this is about the individual members of your fam or health well-being personal fulfillment talents and abilities Hughes emphasizes that a family's true strength lies in the growth and development of its members a family that only focuses on money but neglects the people within it will inevitably struggle in the long run and uring that each family member is thriving physically mentally and emotionally is key to sustaining wealth across Generations next we have intellectual Capital Hughes defines this as the education knowledge and wisdom that exist within the family think of it as the collective brain power that can be passed down through generations this includes formal education but also the experiences and life lessons each family member accumulates over time Hughes encourages families to cultivate learning environments where everyone can grow intellectually share insights and contribute to the family's overall success and finally we come to Social Capital Social Capital refers to the relationships and networks that a family builds both within and outside the family unit these connections whether personal or professional crucial for long-term prosperity stresses that strong relationships within the family founded on trust respect and open communication a just as important as external connections with business partners friends or the community together these three forms of wealth human intellectual and social Makey up what Hughes calls the true family balance sheet and unlike Financial assets which can fluctuate or disappear these forms of capital can actually grow over time strength string the family's foundation and helping it withstand challenges so what does this mean for families who want to preserve their wealth for future Generations Hughes explains that it's essential to invest time and effort into developing all three forms of wealth not just focusing on finances by nurturing human intellectual and Social Capital families can create a resilient Legacy that survives through changing economic land Landscapes and personal hardships in summary part one of family wealth redefines wealth as something far more holistic than just money it's about creating a rich family culture that supports individual growth encourages education and learning and build strong lasting relationships Hughes believes that this is the only way to ensure that wealth through wealth lasts across Generations in this part of the book Hughes explains one of the most critical elements of preserving wealth across Generations Family governance while finances are an obvious focus in maintaining wealth Hughes emphasizes that the structure of family creates for making decisions solving problems and communicating is equally important let's start with the key question what exactly is family governance simply put governance is how a family organizes itself to manage its Affairs maintain Harmony and ensure the smooth transition of wealth from one generation to the next without a clear system of governance even the wealthiest families can fall into chaos leading to disputes mismanagement and ultimately the loss of wealth to avoid these pitfalls Hugh suggests building strong governance structures that enable families to communicate effectively make informed decisions and navigate conflicts when they rise he introduces several essential tools for this process the first of which is the family Council a family council is essentially a formal Gathering where family members come together to discuss important issues related to the family's wealth and Legacy this Council isn't just for the elders or decision makers it's a platform where every family member can voice their opinions ask questions and direction by having regular family meetings families can stay connected solve problems before they escalate and ensure everyone is aligned with the family's long-term goals next Hughes introduces the concept of a family Constitution just like a nation needs a constitution outline its laws and principles a family can benefit from having its own guiding document a family Constitution is a written agreement that lays out the families Mission values and policies on critical issues like inheritance investment philanthropy and Leadership this document serves as a road map for how the family will govern itself providing Clarity and consistency over time the beauty of a family Constitution is that it creates transparency and accountability it sets expectations for every member of the family loing the chances of misunderstandings or disagreement agreements over wealth distribution in a sense it helps keep everyone on the same page ensuring that the family's Legacy remains intact but governance isn't just about creating councils and drafting constitutions it's also about involving the Next Generation in meaningful ways Hughes emphasizes that a key component of family governance is actively engaging younger Generations in the decision-making process why because if the Young members of the family don't feel involved or empowered they're far less likely to respect or sustain the family's wealth in the future to ensure continuity Hughes suggests gradually giving younger family members roles within the governance structure this might start with something as simple as observing Council meetings or learning about the family's history and values over time these younger members can take on more responsibility whether it's managing a portion of the family's assets overseeing philanthropic efforts or contributing to the family's intellectual Capital through education and Innovation through these governance tools family councils constitutions and engaging the younger generation Hughes shows that preserving wealth isn't just about making smart financial decisions it's about creating an enduring system of communication trust and collaboration in his view a well-governed family is one that can navigate the inevitable challenges of life conflicts economic downturns or shifts in leadership with it fracturing or losing its sense of identity in summary part two of family wealth highlights the essential role that governance plays in safeguarding wealth for the long term by creating structures like family councils and constitutions and by involving the younger generation in governance roles families can build a strong foundation for sustain Prosperity this governance system helps families not only protect their financial assets but also preserve the human intellectual and Social Capital that truly defines their wealth so as you think about your own family's future ask yourself though you have the governance structures in place to ensure your wealth values and Legacy will last if not it might be time to start building them in this segment wellbe exploring part three of the book where Hughes delves into one of the most profound aspects of preserving family wealth Legacy and stewardship this part shifts our Focus from wealth accumulation to understanding the values Mission and responsibilities that come with passing wealth down to Future Generations at its core part three of family wealth is about answering a key question what does it mean to leave a legacy for Hughes True Legacy isn't just about leaving behind Financial assets it's about passing down the family's values purpose and a sense of responsibility that transcends material wealth each generation should see themselves not as owners of wealth but as stewards entrusted to protect grow and transfer this wealth to the Next Generation the idea of stewardship is Central to hughes's philosophy he believes that when families view themselves as stewards WS they embrace the role of caretakers rather than mere beneficiaries stewardship means that each generation is responsible for the preservation of not just Financial Capital but the family's human intellectual and Social Capital as well in other words wealth should serve the mission and values of the family the other way around let's break that down further first Hughes talks about the importance of defining a Family Mission a guiding statement that outlines the family's purpose and long-term Vision this Mission isn't just for the current generation but for all future Generations it acts as a compass helping family members stay aligned with the principles and goals that are most important to them Hughes emphasizes that wealth without purpose can easily lead to conflict greed and even the eventual loss of that wealth that's why defining the family's Mission early on is crucial it gives every member of the family particularly the younger Generations a deeper sense of why the family is accumulating and managing wealth in the first place whether the family values philanthropy acation Innovation or supporting Community causes having a clear Mission ensures that wealth is used in service of those goals however having a family mission is only one part of the equation Hughes also stresses the import of teaching the younger Generations about stewardship and this starts with education in this part of the book he highlights the role that older family members play in educating the Next Generation about their responsibilities it's not enough to leave them with money they need to understand the why behind the wealth and more importantly how to manage it wisely this education should include both practical skill suck as financial literacy investment strategies and governance responsibilities as well as philosophical lessons Hughes believes that the younger generation should learn about the family's history values and the sacrifices made by previous generations to build the family's wealth this ensures that they not only respect the wealth they inherit but also feel a sense of duty to protect and grow it for their own children and grandchildren but stewardship goes beyond just managing Financial Resources it's also about ensuring the continued growth of human capital intellectual capital and Social Capital within the family Hughes explains that every family member has a role to play in building these types of wealth whether it's fostering strong relationships within the family encouraging ongoing education or participating in charitable work each action contributes to the family's lasting Legacy one of the biggest risks to family wealth hes point points out is the failure to prepare future generations to shoulder the responsibilities of stewardship families that simply hand over wealth without instilling a sense of purpose or educating Hors often find that wealth depletes within a few Generations that's why it's crucial to involve younger family members early on gradually giving them opportunities to participate in family governance and decisionmaking processes in part three Hughes urges families to see Legacy as something alive and evolving rather than a static inheritance stewardship in this sense is about nurturing the family's Legacy so it grows stronger with each passing generation it's about ensuring that every member of the family has the tools the wisdom and the sense of responsibility needed to protect that Legacy and as the family's Mission evolves over time future Generations will be equipped to adapt while still staying true to the core values passed down to them to sum up part three of family wealth is a powerful reminder that true wealth is about more than money it's about creating a legacy built on values purpose and stewardship Hughes teaches us that by instilling a sense of responsibility in future Generations we can ensure that wealth serves a higher purpose and that it continues to benefit the family and societ ofar into the future if you're ready to start building a meaningful Legacy for your family take the time to Define your family's Mission educate your younger members about their responsibilities and think about how wealth can serve your family's long-term goals in this part of our series we're exploring part four creating a system of Education where Hughes emphasizes the critical role that education plays in preparing future generations to manage the responsibilities of wealth and governance this part is essential for families looking to preserve their wealth across multiple Generations Hughes makes it clear that building and preserving family wealth isn't just about managing Financial assets it requires an ongoing commitment to education not just formal education like schools and universities but an internal system of Education within the Family itself he argues that the primary reason many wealthy families am lose their wealth within three generations is a failure to properly educate the younger members about the responsibilities that come with wealth so what does a system of Education look like for a family Hughes divides education into two key categories formal and informal let's start with formal education this includes traditional schooling wear children and grandchildren learn the academic and professional skills needed to suc Ed in life but for families focused on preserving wealth formal education should go beyond just academics it should include topics like financial literacy investment strategies Estate Planning and even family governance in part four Hugh stresses that families must expose younger generations to these topics early on ensuring they have a solid understanding of how to manage wealth responsibly this formal education prepares them to take on leadership roles in the family business manage investment portfolios and navigate the complexities of wealth preservation however formal education alone isn't enough Hughes then turns to informal education which he considers just as vital if not more so than formal education this type of education happens at home in conversations around the dinner table and through lived experiences in formal education is about teaching Family Values history and the mission that the family stands for it's where the older generation imparts the wisdom they've gained over the yearsing stories of success and failure guiding principles and lessons on leadership and integrity one of hughes's key points is that families need to create a culture of open communication and learning younger Generations should feel encouraged to ask questions seek advice and learn from the experience of their Elders this informal education helps them understand not only how wealth is built but more importantly why it was built and what it should be used for another crucial aspect of informal education is creating opportunities for the younger generation to participate in real life decision making Hughes advises that families give younger members roles in family governance such as positions on family councils boards or trusts by involving them in the decisionmaking process early on they gain practical experience which will be invaluable when they eventually take on leadership roles through these real world experiences younger Generations learn how to handle the complexities of managing wealth and governance they understand the consequences of their decisions and develop the confidence needed to lead in the future Hughes refers to to this as experiential education a Hands-On approach that complements formal studies with practical Real World skills but beyond teaching financial and governance skills Hughes emphasizes the importance of passing down the family's core values education in a wealthy family should also be about cultivating character integrity responsibility and a sense of stewardship when younger Generations understand that they are stewards of wealth rather than just beneficiaries they're more likely to preserve and grow that wealth for the long term Hughes also warns against focusing solely on wealth and governance Education Without preparing younger generations for the emotional challenges that come with wealth for instance navigating the pressures of family expectations managing wealth with humility and handling public attention are all part of the responsibilities tied to great wealth this emotional intelligence is just as important as Financial intelligence according to Hughes to build a well-rounded educational system Hughes suggests that families should develop a formal curriculum for teaching younger Generations about both financial and emotional intelligence this curriculum could include mentorship programs family Retreats seminars and even assigning older family members to Mentor the younger ones it's about about providing a road map to ensure the next generation is equipped to handle the responsibilities and pressures that come with family wealth in part four Hughes offers concrete steps for families to implement the system of Education First he advises families to institutionalize education creating structures like family councils or education committees that are dedicated to overseeing and updating the family's educational plan the these committees can ensure that each generation has access to the right resources guidance and support to carry out their roles as stewards of the family's wealth by institutionalizing the education process families can avoid the common Pitfall of neglecting the educational needs of future Generations this formalized approach ensures that there is always a structured system in place to pass down knowledge and values even if key family members move on or pass away to conclude Hughes reminds us that creating a system of education is not just about preparing younger generations for financial responsibilities about preparing them to carry on the Family's Legacy and Mission education both formal and informal is key to sustaining that Legacy in today's episode we're diving into part five the role of philanthropy Hughes emphasizes that philanthropy is more than just a tool for charitable give andits a key pillar in managing and sustaining family wealth across Generations he shows us how giving back not only benefits the community but also plays a critical role in family cohesion helping younger Generations develop the right values and mindset to become responsible stewards of their family's wealth at the heart of hughes's argument is the idea that philanthropy serves a dual purpose it allows families to contribute to the greater good while also fostering a shared sense of purpose within the family he argues that when families commit to philanthropy together it helps build stronger bonds and align family members around common values by working toward a collective goal of giving back philanthropy can create a sense of unity and Harmony that may not always be achieved through wealth management alone so why is philanthropy so important to the long-term success of wealthy families Hughes believes that philanthropy plays a vital role in preventing the fragmentation of families over time in many cases wealth can cause divisions and conflicts among family members especially when it's seen as a personal entitlement rather than a shared responsibility philanthropy changes this Dynamic by refocusing the family on a higher purpos a purpose that transcends individual gain when family members work together to make a positive impact on their communities it creates a shared mission that reinforces family values and strengthens relationships this shared Mission becomes particularly important during generational transitions when wealth and leadership are passed out Hugh suggests that families that prioritize philanthropy are more likely to stay cohesive and aligned because they have a common goal that keeps them working together through challenging times but beyond the Practical benefits of keeping a family united Hughes argues that philanthropy instills essential values like gratitude generosity and humility in younger Generations he believes that when children and grandchildren are involved in philanthropic efforts they learn to see wealth not as something to be consumed but as a tool for making the world a better place one of hughes's most important points in this section is that famili should view philanthropy as an opportunity to teach younger members about responsibility by actively involving them in decision making about charitable contributions or Community projects they develop a greater sense of ownership over their roles as stewards of the family's wealth Hughes encourages families to involve younger Generations early on in these efforts allowing them to participate in family foundations donor advised funds or philanthropic boards this hands-on experience teaches the Next Generation not only about strategic giving but also about the values that underpin the family's Legacy Hughes points out that it's not enough to Simply give money families must take the time to educate younger members about the why behind their philanthropic choices why does the family choose to support certain causes what impact do they hope to make how do their charitable actions reflect the family's core values Hughes encourages families to create a philanthropic Mission stenta clear set of values and objectives that guide their giving efforts this mission statement serves as a moral compus for future Generations helping them understand the broader purpose of the family's wealth it also helps ensure that the family's philanthropic efforts remain focused and aligned with their long-term Vision philanthropy also serves as a way to build and preserve the family's reputation within the broader Community Hughes explains that families who engage in charitable activities often enjoy more goodwi and respect not just within their local communities but also within their professional and Social Circles this reputation can become an asset in itself fing to open doors Foster connections and create a legacy that extends Beyond Financial wealth in in this section Hughes also touches on the long-term emotional benefits of philanthropy giving back instills a sense of purpose and fulfillment in family members helping them Find meaning Beyond material wealth by engaging in philanthropy families cultivate a sense of gratitude for what they have rather than focusing on what they might lack this shift in mindset can protect against some of the negative effects that wealth can have on individual sh as entitled or isolation moreover Hughes argues that families who practice philanthropy develop a deeper sense of empathy for others which can transform their approach to leadership and wealth management philanthropy helps them understand that their resources can be used for the greater good creating a positive ripple effect that extends well beyond the Family itself finally Hughes makes the point that philanthropy can serve as a bridge between Generations by creating opportunities for multi-generational collaboration families can ensure that the values of giving are passed down and practiced consistently when older and younger Generations work together on charitable initiatives it creates opportunities for mentorship knowledge sharing and bond Dingle of which strengthen the family's social and emotional Capital so how can families Implement philanthropy in a meaningful way Hugh suggests starting by by identifying causes that resonate with the family's values once these causes are identified families can develop a structured approach to giving whether through establishing a Family Foundation creating a charitable trust or setting up annual giving goals the key is to make philanthropy an intentional and integrated part of the family's overall wealth management strategy in conclusion Hugh sees philanthropy as a crucial tool for preserving family wealth it strengthens family bonds reinforces shared values and ensures that wealth is used for a purpose greater than individual gain by giving back families can create a legacy that extends Beyond Financial such as a legacy built on gratitude generosity and responsibility in part five of family wealth keeping it in the family Hughes shows us how families can use philanthropy to not only make a positive impact on on the world but also to build a stronger more cohesive family unit in this episode we'll be exploring part six overcoming challenges and obstacles Hughes dives into the common hurdles families encounter when trying to preserve their wealth and offers practical strategies to navigate these challenges successfully Hughes Begins by highlighting that internal conflicts are one of the most significant threats to family wealth he emphasized izes that disagreements over financial management differing values and competition among family members can create riffs that jeopardize not only the wealth itself but also family relationships these conflicts can stem from a variety of sources including differing views on how to allocate resources or a lack of clarity about roles and responsibilities to address these issues Hughes advocates for establishing open l of communication regular family meetings can provide a platform for family members to express their concerns share their perspectives and work collaboratively toward Solutions he stresses the importance of creating an environment where everyone feels safe to voice their thoughts without fear of judgment or retaliation this kind of openness Fosters trust and helps prevent misunderstandings from escalating into larger conflicts another another major challenge Hughes identifies is the entitlement mentality that can develop in wealthy families he notes that when younger Generations grow up with significant financial resources they may come to expect that wealth without understanding the hard work and sacrifices that built it this entitlement can lead to complacency and a lack of motivation to contribute to the family's Legacy to combat this mentality Hughes emphasizes the importance of in instilling a sense of responsibility in younger family members this can be achieved through active participation in family governance philanthropy and wealth management discussions by involving them in decisionmaking processes and encouraging them to earn their place within the family structure families can help cultivate gratitude and a strong work ethic teaching the Next Generation about the value of hard work and shared responsibility ensures they appreciate and respect respect the wealth they inherit another obstacle families face is communication breakdowns which can stem from misund understandings assumptions or emotional responses Hughes argues that these breakdowns can significantly hinder effective governance and the preservation of wealth He suggests that families should prioritize developing strong communication skills among members this includes active listening expressing empathy and being open to differing opinions Hughes provides practical strategies for improving communication such as setting ground rules for discussions using neutral mediators when necessary and focusing on problem solving rather than blame family should aim to create a culture of respectful dialogue where all voices are valued and heard ultimately Hughes emphasizes that overcoming these challenges requires resilience and adaptability families need to recognize that the Journey of preserving wealth is not always smooth there will be obstacles along the way embracing a mindset of flexibility allows families to adjust their strategies and approaches as needed by developing strong bonds and a shared sense of purpose families can navigate difficulties together and emerge stronger on the other side in conclusion part six overcoming challenges and obstacles provides valuable insights into the complexities of family wealth management James E Hughes jrb reminds us that while wealth can bring opportunities it also comes with challenges that require careful navigation by fostering open communication instilling responsibility and cultivating resilience families can overcome these obstacles and build a lasting Legacy for future Generations thank you for joining us on this journey through wealth keeping it in the family if you found this series insightful please like subscribe and share it with others who may benefit from these lessons together we can help families create a legacy that not only preserves wealth but also strengthens their bonds and values until next time keep nurturing your family wealth and its true essence

- The Best Financial Advice You’ll Ever Hear: Kind: captions Language: en What's the number one thing that keeps people broke? >> It's ignorance. It's not a lack of intelligence. It's ignorance. >> Today, you are getting the best financial advice you'll ever hear from the man that changed the way that I think about money. The way that I make money. You're going to love this. 10 million copies sold. Unpacking the five biggest takeaways. Let's go. >> Morgan. >> Morgan Hel. >> He's the author of the psychology of money. >> Psychology of money. >> Psychology of money. Like we live in a society that it's very easy to overspend. A lot of people are willing to give you credit cards, give you debt. Is very easy to have bad financial habits. >> Instagram has basically become the new, you know, QVC. >> If you're buying these things, particularly on credit, you have bad habits. You're getting yourself into debt. You know, every dollar of debt that you have is a piece of your future that somebody else owns. You can be one of the richest men in the world and have no independence. Morgan, what do you recommend we do every time we get a paycheck or get paid? >> I view savings as an expense just as I would view rent or food or whatnot. Anytime in finance that you can automate it. So, automating your bank and say every paycheck you're going to move $50 to savings, whatever it might be, and making it automatic. What are the odds that at least one of these happens to you over the course of your life? Job loss, divorce, medical illness, weward children, living through a giant recession, whatever it might be. What are the odds that at least one of those will happen to you? And the answer is 100%. And we I think a lot of people don't want to admit that. And when that happens, the savings that you have is going to be more valuable than anything that you've that you've ever had. >> And for the person who's still thinking, I mean, what's the point? I can barely pay my bills. What do you want them to know? >> The first thing I want you to know is I feel you. I empathize with you. I don't judge you. But the second thing you should know is that it is >> Hey, it's your friend Mel and welcome to the Mel Robbins Podcast. Hey, it's Mel. My team was showing me that 57% of you who watch here on YouTube are not subscribed yet. Could you do me a quick favor? Hit subscribe. It's free and that way you don't miss any of the episodes that I post here on YouTube. It also lets me know that you're enjoying the guests and you love the content that I'm bringing you because I want to make sure you don't miss anything. So, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for hitting subscribe. All right, you ready? I bet you are. So, let's dive in. Morgan Hustle, welcome to the Mel Robbins podcast. >> Thanks for having me, Mel. Happy to be here. >> I am so glad you're here. Thank you for jumping on a plane. I am a huge fan. I got to give a shout out to my husband, Christopher Robbins, because he was the one who first introduced me to your work, The Psychology of Money, Changed My Life. I am so excited for your new blockbuster, The Art of Spending Money. And we're going to get into all the takeaways from your mega bestsellers, but I wanted to start by asking you, Morgan, if you could speak directly to the person who is here spending time together with us right now and share with them what could be different about their life or the life of somebody that they care about that they share this episode with if they take everything to heart that you're about to share with us and teach us today and apply it to their life. I think it would be that your ability to feel wealthy, to feel rich, to be financially independent is absolutely in your control. It doesn't matter who you are, where you're from, how much money you make, what your job is, you can do it. And we I think we've told ourselves for generations that in order to become rich, you have to have the right educational background. You have to have the right career. You have to come from the right family. And I don't think it's it's true. It's not about how smart you are. It's about how you think about money. It's about how you behave. and behavior is in everybody's control. >> I don't know why I believe you, but I do. Like I literally no matter how in debt you are, no matter how old you are, you can learn. And that's kind of one of the big lessons I'm going to talk about that I've distilled from your work that has changed my life and my relationship with money and the way I think about money, the way I save it, the way I spend it. It doesn't matter the starting point at all. Lesson number one that I've learned from you is you can get good with money. You believe that? >> I've seen it time and time again. And there are so many examples of it. Let me give you this example here. An ordinary person doesn't have a good education. Maybe they didn't even graduate high school, let's say, but they have good financial behavior. They can think long term. They can keep their expectations in check. They're patient. They have those behavioral qualities. That person can do very well. But the person who went to Harvard and got an MBA and went to work on Wall Street has the best education, the best connections, the best experience, that person can easily go broke. and they do not uncommon for that to happen and that is not true in other fields. It is impossible to think of an ordinary person who didn't go to high school, didn't go to college performing open heart surgery better than a Harvard trained doctor. That's impossible. That will never happen. But it does happen with money because it's not about what you know. You don't need to know the secret formulas. You don't need to have secret connections. If you just get your behavior right and your thinking right, you can do well. patience, keeping your expectations in check, not comparing yourself to other people, using money as a tool to live a better life instead of a yard stick to measure yourself against others by it's very simple stuff and it's all in your head and it's I think it's it's 99% of what people need to know to do well with money is in your control. Well, I think one of the mistakes that I made for a very long time, particularly before I bumped into your work, is I believed that there was some secret formula, that there was some private club for rich people, that it was about who you know, where you went to school. And what I love about your work is that you basically say, "No, no, no, no. You're focusing on the wrong stuff. There are actual behaviors that we can learn that will help you get good with money." >> Exactly. And they're not that difficult either. They're in your control. It's not to say that they're easy, but they're simple. And so just just a couple of the behaviors. If you have an ability to focus internally on your own goals rather than constantly comparing yourself against others, if you can save a little bit of your money, live even slightly below your means, invest that money and be patient. Just those things, just those very that's a kindergarten list of topics that I just gave you. That's not a bunch of Greek formulas. It's not a bunch of Wall Street gibberish. It's not a bunch of acronyms. These are very simple things and that's it. Part of this too is redefining what what I mean by financially successful. I'm not talking private islands and private jets. But for most people, what they actually want if you said, "What is your ultimate financial goal?" They would say, "I want to have a stable housing for myself and my family. I want to have a little bit of cushion to fall back onto if I were to get laid off or have a medical emergency. I want to be able to have a dignified retirement someday. I want to be able to spend time with my kids. Those are very good financial goals. And that level of wealth and success, I think, is in within everybody's control. >> Well, you said you wanted to teach us how to use money as a tool. >> Yes. >> To live a better life versus using it as a yard stick >> to measure yourself against others by. >> Correct. And that's one of the core things you're going to teach us how to do and why this is so important today. >> Of course. And it's easier said than done. It is so natural for everybody to compare yourself against others. For me to measure my level of success by not saying what do I have but but by saying what do I have relative to that guy. Not how not how not how comfortable is my house but by saying how big is my house relative to that person over there to my neighbor to my co-orker to my siblings. And one of the problems that makes it more difficult today than it's ever been is that it used to be for my parents' generation, my grandparents generation, when they compared themselves to other people, it was relative to their neighbors or their co-workers, it was a pretty small group of people. Maybe a couple people who you saw on TV or heard about on the radio. But now today, just everybody, including myself, their comparison group is the most sophisticated algorithm on Instagram or Tik Tok. And so no matter how well you're doing, no matter how great your house is, no matter how much money you're making, you turn on Instagram a 100 times a day like everybody else, you open it up and there is somebody out there who looks better, happier, more successful, more beautiful than you are. And so this topic, I think, has always been true. It's always been important. It is more important today than it's ever been. the idea of keeping your expectations in check because it's easier today than it's ever been to let your expectations just spiral out of control. I see this with my own kids. My nine-year-old son, his when I was growing up, normal people drove old pickup trucks and rich people drove new pickup trucks. That was that was like the definition in my head. Like if you had a new pickup truck, like, oh, there's a rich person. My son who's nine, his definition of rich is like a private jet in a private island because he watches Mr. Beast and it's like, oh, sit in the circle and you'll win a million bucks kind of. It's a completely different level of expectations than even I had 20 or 30 years ago. And so it's >> and the hardest thing you're gonna have is that even though you're one of the most compelling financial experts on the planet, your kids won't listen to you, Morgan. >> No, of course not. >> Of course not. No. I think that's really important place to start because you have already dropped so many takeaways and one of them was developing a skill set of looking inside yourself for what matters rather than looking outside yourself at Mr. Beast or what's on the social algorithm or what your neighbor is driving for that yard stick. But you did mention this sense that you're falling behind. >> Yeah. And so many people today in particular are feeling like they're falling behind. I mean, I have we have a 26-year-old and a 24 year old and they are already feeling as though, okay, I'm not making enough money and how am I ever going to buy a house and how am I going to pay for a life? If the person listening has that sense that they're falling behind, particularly if you're older and you say it's too late, like I've already blown it, Morgan. What do you want them to hear right now? I think there's a couple things. One is empathy because there are areas in life where particularly a lot of people in their 20s, 30s, and 40s are falling behind relative to previous generations, particularly something like home ownership where it was more attainable in previous generations than it is has been particularly in the last couple of years. So empathy, this is not me saying, "Oh, you should just feel better. You should just be more grateful for what you have. You you actually are doing fine." There is some empathy that has to be involved here. And also for people that thought they were going to be able to retire at a certain age and then the cost of living has gone up so much or medical bills are at a certain state that you're realizing oh my god I don't have enough money right >> to be able to retire and so it is important to basically go these are very real feelings that people have right now and so if we start with empathy where do we go next Morgan? Well, I think you start with empathy because if somebody feels like they're falling behind, that's their truth. But I think it's it's important to realize, too, that all happiness is just the gap between expectations and reality. >> All right, say that again. All happiness >> all happiness is the gap between expectations and reality. You have the life you're living. You have the life you expect to live. In between there is is is where you can find some level of happiness. And the wider that gap is, the more miserable you're going to feel. >> Okay. So, let's talk about somebody who is in a situation where they thought they would be further along with their savings and they're starting to panic because they're worried that their money is going to run out before they die or they're not going to be able to retire. How do you use that happiness definition right now if that's the reality? >> This is not true for everybody. This is not black and white, but there are a lot of these cases, I would say the majority of these cases where the reason that person has not been able to save as much as they thought is because their expectations for many years probably have been spiraling out of control and they were spending more money than they should have been because they were trying to chase who they wanted to be even if it wasn't necessarily the level of lifestyle that they could afford. And so they were renting an apartment that was very nice because they had an expectation that that's where they should be and they were comparing themselves to other people even if it was kind of out of their budget. They were traveling and dressing and eating out in a way because that's who they felt that they should be even if they couldn't necessarily afford it. >> Morgan, you're calling us out here. >> I'm calling everybody out. Yes. I've I've been in this situation, too. There's no shame in it. This is a very common thing that I think everyone will experience. And I think a lot of why I got interested in this topic, every book that I've written started with looking in the mirror and being like, when have I been envious? When have my expectations spiraled out of control? No one is immune to this. So there's nothing to be there's nothing to be ashamed of. >> So there's a little bit of cuz cuz you know, just in full disclosure, I entered my marriage with $10,000 of credit card debt that my husband did not know about and then proceeded to hide it from him. But the truth is, I just walked my credit card into stores and bought stuff I didn't need with money I didn't have. >> And then even if I look at what happened to my husband and I when I was 41 years old and his restaurants were going under and taking our house and our entire life savings with it, the truth is we did spend a lot of money we didn't have. We did rack up that debt. And I remember several years later as we were starting to climb our way out, there was a level of relief when I could say to myself both, I'm responsible for this mess. I can see how I made dumb decisions at the time because I had outsized expectations for how I thought things were going to go. And admitting it to myself in a weird way made me feel like, well, if I've got the power to make dumb decisions, then maybe if I wake up and recognize that I've got the power to make better decisions. >> Yes, that's that's absolutely true. What happens with expectations for a lot of people? Yeah. >> Is look, if I said I want to be a 10% better dad, that's a good goal. But what does that mean? How what does that even mean? How how do I track that? How do I measure? That's impossible. But if I said, "I want I'm living in a one-bedroom apartment and I want a two-bedroom apartment." That that makes sense. If I said, "I want three new pairs of jeans." That's easy to wrap your head around. Money is so quantifiable. It's so easy to just say, "Uh, right now I'm making $20 an hour. I want to get to 25." >> Got it? >> I can measure it so quickly that it becomes this thing where we chase money because it's so easy to measure. And we chase spending because it's so easy to contextualize. And so if you don't have a good idea of what a good life looks like, >> it's very easy to just say a good life is one in which I have more money because it's so much easier to understand than how can I become a better dad? How can I become a better parent, a better spouse, a better friend, a better worker? That's hard to wrap your head around. Will Smith had this great I thought it was so astute and profound. He wrote this in his biography. He said when he was depressed and poor, he could tell himself, "If only I had more money, all my problems would go away." And that gave him hope. I just need to go out and make more money. And once I had more money, all of my depression, all of my doubts would go away. And then he became rich and he was still depressed. And then he said he lost hope because he couldn't say, "If only I had more money." And so we chase money because it's so easy to wrap our heads around. and we chase it with the idea that it's the solution to all of our problems. Even if it can solve some problems, but not the biggest ones, the hole that you're trying to fill, the psychological hole that you're trying to fill is probably not going to be filled with money. >> So, the takeaway that I've got from what you just shared, which is much deeper, is that if you're sitting there listening and you're saying, "I'm so behind. I'm so behind. I'm so behind." There's two things to do. First of all, you're in the right place because we're going to be learning from you exactly what to do, Morgan. And one of the first things you said is it's not too late because there are simple, you said kindergarten level behavior changes >> that you can make that will help you be good with money. But the deeper thing to ask yourself is what is the hole that money is trying to fill for me? >> Yes. And are there things that I can do right now in terms of redefining what it means in my 20s or my 60s to be a good friend or to have a good life or to take better care of myself that don't involved hitting myself over the head about my financial life. >> Exactly. That's it. >> Got it. You know, one of the things I want to talk about before we really start unpacking some of the tactics is that at this exact moment in time, it is a really challenging moment when it comes to money, finances, the job market. If you really identify with that sense that I'm actually scared, I'm scared I can't get a job. I'm scared about being able to make it. Where do you start, Morgan? I think if somebody says, "I'm scared about my money." Yeah. That's their truth. And you have to empathize with that. If someone were to say, "It is worse now than it was for previous generations." That I think you can push back on a little bit more. And you can say, "So, because you could look back at how people lived in the 1950s and the 1960s and the 1970s and say, look, I I empathize with how scared you are today. It is probably not true that we are worse off today than we were in previous generations." You know, I one thing I've always thought is very interesting is if you ask most Americans, when was peak middle class prosperity? When was when were the glory days? A lot of people will point to a lot of people will point to the 1950s is what they'll point at as peak middle class prosperity. But what's interesting is that if you looked at how the average middle class family lived in the 1950s and who we are aspiring to want to go back to, it is a quality of life that we would consider abject poverty today. I mean, the average middle-ass family house in the 1950s was about 800 square f feet for you, you know, two bedrooms for you and your four kids, no air conditioning, no washer and dryer, no go on down the list of what it was like back then. They were very happy. They were very content with it back then, but it's not a level of contentment that you would have today. And so, a lot of what what is with with finance is that it's not necessarily that these things will make you happier if you were to have more money. It's not necessarily that you would be happier. And that when most people think, "Oh, if only I had a bigger house, then I'd be happy." And when you imagine yourself taking a fancy vacation, you imagine how happy you would be. The emotion that you're actually thinking about is not happiness. It's contentment. If I imagine myself in Hawaii with my kids next year, and I'm just envisioning that in my head, I can come up with this emotion inside and be like, "Oh, that would be great. I would be so happy with that." But actually, the emotion that I'm envisioning is being content with that. It's being in Hawaii and saying, "This is enough. This is all I want. I don't want anything else." What actually happens to people if they do go to Hawaii with their kids is they're sitting on the beach and and they say, "If only I had stayed at the nicer hotel. If only we had stayed for a couple days longer. If only we had eaten at the nice nicer restaurant last night. How come those people got a better room? How come they got better beach chairs?" And so, you're not actually content with the experience that you're having. And so, when you realize that what you're actually chasing is contentment, you're not chasing more. you're chasing just I I just want to be happy with what I have. The first step is realizing that a lot of your money woes and a lot of what you're feeling in terms of falling behind and a lot of your gap between what you have and what you want is a solely a factor of your expectations. What if you don't think you're good with money though? Like cuz so because for a long time I had a story in my head. I'm just not good with money. Like I I'm bad with money. And let's say you're somebody who's gone through a divorce. You're financially wrecked. You gave all the power to your partner. Now you're starting over. Can anyone get good with money for real? >> You can if you want to. And I think the people who say, "I'm not good with money." don't want to be. That's that they use that as their excuse to say. >> Come on now. Really? >> I think that they use that as their excuse. This is not a difficult thing to wrap your head around. This is very basic arithmetic. Spend less money than you make. Save the difference. Be patient. That's that's it. This what we're talking about. You could explain this to a 5-year-old. And so if you're saying I'm not good with money, it's you're making a choice to not get better. Nothing is easier than bad financial habits that you want to have. Like we live in a society that it's very easy to overspend. A lot of people are willing to give you credit cards, give you debt. It is very easy to have bad financial habits. And if you want those, that's an easy thing to do. As soon as you actually want it, this is not a difficult thing for anybody. This conversation reminds me of something that I saw a musician say. I wish I could remember who it was, but I saw a musician saying, "Everybody loves it when I tell the story about how I had to live in my car for a year while I was just starting out, but nobody actually wants to live in their car for a year. >> Nobody ever wants to do it >> while they're starting out, >> right?" And so a lot of these things for people who are in debt, you you you are one of these people, you can empathize with this, I know, is that yes, it's going to be a sacrifice to get out of this. This might require a downshift in lifestyle relative to what you are used to. And so for a lot of people who say, "I'm not good with money." I think what they're what they're actually saying is, "I don't want to make the sacrifice. I'm unwilling to make the sacrifice to do it." And I think that is that is true. Now what is true the reason that you like the story about the guy living in the car is because I think people actually love stories or doing this themselves of suffering for a noble goal. >> I think this is true in so many aspects of humanity that it's not that people like humans are very willing to suffer and put in hard work and sweat if the goal is noble enough. I'm wondering if the noble goal for getting good with money is so that you'll be content with your life, not so that you'll make a lot of money. >> To me, the noble goal, what it's always been for myself, and I think this is true for the majority of people, is independence. I have no desire to be rich in the sense of a big a giant house, flashy cars. I I I have no desire to live that life. I want to be independent. I want to wake up every morning and say, I can do whatever I want today. And I'm using money as a tool to foster that. That's always been my goal. Now, that's very different from saying, "I want a bigger house," or, "I want a house." You know, it's it's it's a goal of independence. And my grandmother-in-law, who had no money, was completely independent. She was beholden to no one else's influence but her own. And she lived an amazing life because of it. There are billionaires, there are deca billionaires out there who are completely beholden to the opinions and the influence of other people. And so there are a lot of people for whom money is a is a financial asset, but it's a psychological liability. It completely controls their identity and who they are. And there's other people who actually don't have that much money. They have no psychological liability. They're in complete control over their personality and their goals. I've I've often used this. It's a very imperfect idea, but I think about if I was on a deserted island, maybe with just me and my family, nobody else could see how I was living. Nobody else could see my house. Nobody else could see my car. It's completely invisible to everybody else. What kind of lifestyle would I live? If nobody else was watching, what kind of lifestyle would I choose to live? And in that situation, myself and I think most people would instantly shift from uh status to utility. I have no interest in status if nobody can watch it. I have interest in utility. >> And so the kind of house that I would want to live in, the kind of car that I would drive would instantly shift from what are other people impressed by towards what is actually going to foster a good life for myself and my family. And they're very different things. You could be you can make a hund00 million a year and feel like you're falling behind if you're chasing other people. There's a great quote from the comedian Jimmy Carr where he says, "Everybody is jealous of what you've got. Nobody is jealous of how you got it. And that's another one of these points. It's very easy for me or or you to look at people who are more successful than we are and say if we had that level of success, I would be happier. Because when we look at them, I can I can see your house. I can see your car. Can see your clothes. I can see the material aspect of your success. I cannot see the hard work and the stress of how you got it and what it took and what it took to get there. So, this is one of the problems with envy and financial envy that we have for other people is that you don't have a good sense of what their life was and what else is going on in their life outside of of money. And this is why some of the studies that are so hard to wrap your head around, there's so hard to even believe that these are true, the studies that show that people who are wealthy are not necessarily as happy as you would think they would be. >> But here's the thing. When I hear that study, I'm like, who cares? Because I just want to be wealthy. You know what I'm saying? Like, like, let them be unhappy. I'll be the one person who's wealthy who's happy. I promise you, >> Or there's a lot of people who say, "Okay, that might be true, but let me experience it myself." >> They're like, they're like, "Let me get there." Because I think the pull is so profound in our heads that if only I had more money, these problems would go away. It seem It seems like, how could that not be true? And I think the people who have experienced it would say, "No, it can be true. Just much less than you thought." As a financial expert with more than two decades of experience of research and writing and teaching this topic, what's the number one thing that keeps people broke? >> It's this overwhelming sense of keeping up with other people and this overwhelming sense of other people have more than I do and they're doing better than I am and they're happier than I am. And that treadmill has has no end there. There's no end to that treadmill where you're going to say, "If only I had this much money, then I'd be content. If only I had a bigger house, then I'd be content." Once you're on the treadmill, it's it goes on forever. And if you're on it, it's almost impossible to feel like you're doing well with money. There's no amount of satiation of if you got a raise, then then you'll be okay. If you if you bought if you bought these nicer clothes, then then I would be happy. Then I would be content with it. you can be content with a pretty low level of material items. Of course, there's a basic need of food and shelter, whatnot, above what you need. You move into the the realm of what you want. >> Well, I think we're all there. Like any one of us, if we're being honest with ourselves, can walk into our closet and say, "There are roughly 12 pieces of clothing that we wear all the time." Yes. >> And the rest of it were all things that I wanted in the moment or I thought I needed or I thought would impress somebody if I were going to a wedding. But you didn't actually need it. And that is what keeps people broke. That's it. It's the simplest thing. And I think people know it. They may not want to hear it, but they know it. That it's your desire to keep up with other people. >> Your mega bestseller, The Psychology of Money, changed my life, changed the way I think about money, changed my mindset about money. And I want to read to you on page 41. This is the chapter never enough. >> Yep. And you write, "The hardest financial skill is getting the goalpost to stop moving. If expectations rise with results, there is no logic in striving for more because you'll feel the same after putting in extra effort. It gets dangerous when the taste of having more. More money, more power, more prestige increases ambition faster than satisfaction. In that case, one step forward pushes the goalpost two steps ahead. You feel as if you're falling behind and the only way to catch up is to take greater and greater amounts of risk. Can you unpack that for us? >> It's funny when you read that. I I remember writing those sentences. I remember where I was when I wrote those specific. I was in my basement at a house in Virginia where I wrote this book. And um I I remember writing that and thinking I I mentioned this earlier, but so much of what I write about is self-reflection. And it's not that I've mastered these things and I'm just trying to show you how smart I am. It's like I wrote that because I've fallen for that trap all all the time. It's true that the expectations game has has no ending. There's there's always somebody who is getting richer faster than you. And if you're always just seeking validation, if your key to happiness is always if only I had what that person has, you're never going to be satisfied with with what you have. And the the more dangerous thing I think is once you are once you have that mindset that if only I had more, I would be happier, then it kind of grows exponentially because if if you tell yourself, I'll be happy once I have $10,000. And then you get 10,000 and you're like, oh, maybe it's a hundred,000. If if I had $100,000, then I'd be happy. and then maybe you're fortunate enough to get that money and then it's oh maybe it's a million it grows exponentially >> and so I also think that there is this thing that happens at least it happened for me that as I started to feel like I wasn't under such crushing debt or I got some reward at work a small bonus whatever I immediately upticked the amount of money or the expense of the thing that I was already buying >> right and and part of that I think is is fine I think people can spend money in a way that's going to make them happier. There are some people who would give you the advice of like it's never going to make you happier. Just save everything that you can live like a monk. And I that that's not my message. I think you can spend money as well. I I found ways of spending money in my own household. I'm like, "Oh, that was that was well worth it." But I also back to the expectations thing. I grew up around Lake Tahoe, California. Okay. >> And this was before tech money where Tahoe and Truckucky, the town that I lived in, was not very wealthy. It is now because tech money came in, but back then it was very much a middle class town. And then I I went to college in Los Angeles and I couldn't believe making that shift from middle class mountain town to Beverly Hills kind of area. What it did to my e to my definition of rich. As I said earlier, it used to be that my definition of rich was a new pickup truck, a new a new F-150 was that's a rich person. And I moved to LA and it would just it just exploded. No matter how successful you are, you pull up to a stoplight and even if you're driving a Lamborghini, there's 17 others right there and you never feel like you're you're getting enough. And the conditions for happiness, I think, were much greater in that middle class town. Now, I was I did a pretty good job in LA in my own mind of still keeping my expectations in check. I think a lot of that was fear. I always had a fear that I was never going to make it. And so I was saving as much as I could just out of a sense of of of fear. Um but if I look at everybody else like who who who was happier? It was the people who were living a modest life, enjoyed their family, had good time with their friends, focused on their health, and lived what was by comparison to others a very modest life. And so I think about that now of like what should your aspiration be? It's interesting with parents. If you ask parents, "What do you want for your kids?" Particular if their kids are young, most parents will say, "I I I just want them to be happy when they're older." And then if you say, "Well, do you want them to be rich and successful?" The parents will probably say, "Well, yeah, that would probably be great, but I just want them to be happy." And I think parents say that because you know there's a difference between the two. You know, there's a difference between being rich and being happy. You've experienced it as an adult. Mhm. >> And so even if your kids are middle class, doing modest by expectations, you know that they can be happy if they're keeping their expectations in check and they're focusing on the things that matter. >> Well, what I love that you keep coming back to is that your definition truly for the word happiness and the way we casually use it is contentment, which means you are in the present moment of your life. >> And you are not seeking something more. you're able to be okay with where things are and where things aren't. How can somebody figure out why they're buying something? Because I think most of us mindlessly spend money because in the moment we want that thing or we're bored or stressed or whatever. Like most people don't actually know why they're spending money. So how can you Morgan start to become conscious of exactly why you're spending your money on things? I think with every dollar that you spend, it's always one of two buckets. And you should ask yourself which bucket this falls into. Is buying this thing going to make me and my family happier, or am I buying it to impress other people, most of whom are strangers? It's it's always one of those two things. If I'm buying food, that's for me and my family, clear as day. If I'm buying uh new clothes, a lot of that might be or new car, a lot of that might be my attempt to impress strangers, most of whom are not paying any attention to you whatsoever. It's always one of those two things. Do you want to use money as a tool to live a better life, or do you want to use money as a as a as a yard stick of status to measure yourself against others by? It's completely normal and natural to have that. But when you realize that that's the game that you're playing, that a lot of these aspirations that I have are to impress people who are not even paying attention to me and they're not paying attention to me because they're busy worrying about themselves. They're busy in their own heads saying, "Are people impressed with me? Are is are people looking at me?" And that is a that's that's a huge part of what's going on inside these people's heads is that their biggest aspiration in life is trying to impress strangers who are not even looking to begin with. Well, that was a huge that was one of the big lessons from your work for me, which is every dollar you spend falls in two buckets. >> One of those two things. >> You're either spending money to make other people think something about you, or you're spending money in a way that makes you feel good about you. How do you know the difference between the pair of jeans that you're about to buy that you don't need, but they look really cool, and you know, you think you're going to look good in them, and you're also feeling bad about your body, so you hit spend. How do you dissect that? Because I think a lot of us don't understand exactly why we're buying things. >> I had this experience in in college. I wrote about it in my first book, The Psychology of Money. I was a valet at a five-star hotel in Los Angeles. >> I love this story. >> It was it was so much it was such a cool job. There's never been a better job. I would I would go back and do that job again. It was so >> Why did you love that job so much? >> It was two things. I got to drive very fancy cars and in the mind of a 19-year-old boy parking a Ferrari, there's there's nothing better in the world. And two, I didn't really realize this uh explicitly at the time, but it was my first window into the psychology of very wealthy people. And that to me was absolutely I learned so much during those years age, you know, 18 to 22. And one of the things I realized and it I I I remember when this hit me during a shift that if somebody came into the hotel driving a Ferrari or a Lamborghini, I would stop and look at the car and be impressed. But I would never look at the driver and say, "That guy is so cool." What I would do is I would imagine myself as the driver. And I imagine that if I was driving, people would look at me and say, "Look at Morgan. He's so cool." And one day I was like, "Do do you see the irony? I don't care about the driver, but I want to be the driver because I think people will care about me." And it was this stark realization of like nobody is thinking about you as much as you are. They're busy thinking about themselves. And even when people are impressed with your house or your car, what they're actually doing is saying, "If I had Mel's house, if I had Morgan's car, then I would be h then people would look at me." And so the idea that everyone is pretty selfish and self-centered in that sense where they're not impressed with you. They might be impressed with your stuff because they're imagining having your stuff. Once I came to terms with that, my desire for impressing other people plunged. Didn't plunge to zero. I don't want to walk around in a burlap sack. I want to impress my co-workers and my I I want to look professional. I want to, you know, back then when I was trying to find a girlfriend who became my wife. Then then it was very important. But the idea that no one's thinking about you as much as you are will collapse your aspirations in a wonderful way and it will get you towards contentment much quicker than anything else. >> That is such a mindblowing realization because if we're all chasing all this stuff on the outside so that people look at the stuff that we have and then think we're amazing. >> Yeah. You're proving in that simple example that's not how the human brain works at all. They think the stuff is cool. They don't think you are. >> Everything being a competition for resources. It's it's it's rarely saying being impressed with another people. Not not never. And this is I think it's the same with your spouse, your partner. My wife does not care at all what kind of car I drive. She doesn't care about what new jeans I bought. She couldn't care. What she cares about is am I a good dad? Am I a good spouse? Am I a good friend? Am I patient and understanding and helpful? That's it. And I think you can extend that analogy to anything else in your life. Your friends, your co-workers, your relationship with your children. We spend so much time saying, "If only I had nicer things, bigger things, better things, then that would be better." What matters, and people know intuitively that this matters, is that you are a good spouse, a good friend, a good parent. If you do want strangers to be impressed with you, they're not going to be impressed with your car. they will be impressed with how kind and caring and helpful you are to them. Now, that's easier said than done, too, because I think the overwhelming urge is, "Yeah, Morgan, like, I might I I might believe what you're saying, but I still think this car would make me happy." Like, it's such a powerful thing that we have that it's it's not something that you can just get over immediately. And even after doing this for 20 years and writing these books, it's not something that I've been able to fully overcome. And another way to prove this point is that I guarantee you in your social circle, there is somebody that you know that has a huge house or an amazing car and you would not want to be near them and they're miserable. >> And so just having all that stuff that you want doesn't make you like them. And so I think intellectually we know this, but if you have bad spending habits, how do you change them? Morgan, >> I think you first have to ask the question, why do you have bad spending habits? What hole are you trying to fill? What has buying these things done to your happiness in the past? And if the answer is nothing, which is probably the answer, trying to fill that hole first, trying to answer that question first. So, I think you have to kind of start on the therapist's couch, literally or figuratively, and take a look in the mirror and being like, what am I trying to achieve? Who do I want to become? Why do I want to be that? And why am I striving for these things? And for a lot of people, it's kind of like a binge spending that has got them into trouble where it's a stress relief. It's a relief valve. >> And I think what the valve I think in your head, what you probably think it is is if I bought these things, then my problems would go away. And the truth is that that might be true in the moment. For spending, it's almost never true. It's very rarely true that your spending is going to fill any kind of emotional hole that you have. And the other thing is that if you're buying these things, particularly on credit, you have bad habits, you're getting yourself into debt. the new sweater that you bought might give you a day or two of happiness before it's either worn out or you don't care about it much anymore, but the but the paying it off is going to stick with you for years or months or even decades. And so that kind of thing of controlling your future and independence. You know, every dollar of debt that you have from these poor spending habits is a piece of your future that somebody else owns. It's a piece of your time that you owe to the bank, you owe to the lender. And the opposite of that is every dollar of savings that you have, the reverse of bad spending habits is a piece of your future that you own, that you have control over. Every single dollar, >> I viewed this since I was 17, that every dollar that I save, even if it was literally $1 of my future that I gained back. >> That's always how it felt to me. And that's always been my uh my goal for saving and my motivation for saving was I just want to be independent. I just want to wake up and do whatever I want. And I feel like my savings has bought that. It's not when I save money, it's not because I say, "Oh, I'm saving up to buy a new car." Even though there there can be that and that could be great. If I save $100, I view that as purchasing $100 of independence. I'm spending that money. It's giving me independence today. >> And I think that can be an antidote to bad spending habits. A lot of people will say, "Why save money?" like they they don't really understand the purpose of saving money, >> right? Because if you don't have a lot of money, >> it feels it feels useless. >> It's weird. Why would I put $20 away from my paycheck because that's all I can afford to do right now? >> It's all that you can do. And so it feels like why even bother? I might as well just yolo to spend spend all of it. I think once you shift the mentality from why save $100 to spend in the future if I could just spend $100 right now, why am I putting why am I delaying this gratification if I could have it immediately? If you view it like that, then I understand the mentality of yolo, spend everything. Why even save? Doesn't matter. Let's just go into debt. Who cares? Once you view it as at $100, you are purchasing today $100 of independence, $100 of peace, $100 of sleeping better at night. >> Then it it completely shifts the game. And so if I save $100, that's not delayed gratification. that today in this moment today and tonight gives me a $100 of happiness and more contentment today because I feel like I'm more independent than I was before I saved that money. And when you get back to I think what most people want out of money, >> oh my god, most people think the buying the nice car is the flex. You're saying >> independence is the flex. There's a great quote from Nasim Taleb where he says uh my only metric of indep of success is how much time you have to kill. And now, you know, there's there's obviously a spectrum of that, but that's always been I I just want independence. And you can have independence at a pretty low level of financial income and assets. That was my grandmother-in-law. She had nothing and she had pure independence. You can be one of the richest men in the world and have no independence. Completely beholden to the opinions and the desires of somebody else. And there are multi-billionaires who are way less independent than my grandmother-in-law. And that I think is a empowering message of like your feeling of being independent is a is a feeling. It's a story that you've told yourself. >> It's not there. There there's no financial level at which like okay once you have this much money then you're set free. You can be a multi-billionaire and completely beholden to other people. You can have very little money and have pure financial independence in your head. Let's touch on investing because you have a really great take on this. You said that success in investing has more to do with long-term thinking and avoiding jealousydriven behavior. >> Yeah. >> Why is that so powerful? >> All compound interest. So compound interest is an incredible thing of just you're growing your money over time and it grows at an increasingly higher level and that's how you become. Can you explain that to the person listening who may not know what that is? Cuz I know a lot of people are going to share this episode to people in their lives who may have never ever listened to anybody when it comes to the psychology of money or how to change your behaviors around money. So what is compounding interest? >> So let me explain it very simply. We have we have $100 and we earn a 10% return on our money this year. So in one year we have $110% return. So you earn $10 in profit this year. I'm also going to earn a 10% return next year. So now I earn 10% on $110. So my profit that year is 11. So my profit in year one is $10. My profit in year two was $11. The profit in year three might be 12 or $13. It's growing every year because you are earning gains on your gains. And if and if you extend that over a lifetime over 30 or 40 or 50 years, the returns get absurd. And so the example that I use in my book is Warren Buffett, the greatest investor of all time. He's worth over hundred billion dollars. Nobody comes close to the level of investing success that he's achieved. 99% of his net worth was accumulated after his 60th birthday. >> Say that again. >> 99% of his net worth was accumulated after his 60th birthday. Now when he was 60, he was a billionaire. absurdly successful by any metric, but he became worth over a hundred billion dollars from age 60 to he's 94 today. And so the reason that's the case is that how compound interest works, it's not necessarily about what your returns are, it's about how long can you keep it going. And I think what is so empowering for ordinary people is that if you can be an average investor for an above average period of time, you can achieve absolutely incredible returns. And so a lot of people when investing they look well I can't compete against Wall Street. I can't compete against all these smart hot shots and the hedge funds. They know more things. They can earn higher returns that I can. And so you become discouraged. The truth is that you don't need to do anything extraordinary with your returns. You need to have extraordinary patience. And so if you can be average for 30 years you will end up in the top 1% of investors. My parents uh really personified this. My parents are smart, educated people, but they have no financial experience, no financial education, no financial background, no connections, no information that anybody listening to this doesn't have. Uh, but they have had extraordinary patience and and self-control and discipline. So, they have been investing consistently every month for 40 years. Never sold anything. Every month they invest a little bit of money, leave it alone for 40 years. If you look at their returns, they would literally be in the top of professional money managers without knowing anything, without having any extra information that you and I or anyone listening can't have because they had the one skill that actually mattered which was just patient patience and discipline. And that's all you need. That's the only thing that you need. And you know there's a there there's some very interesting stories of professional investors who I remember hearing the story about this professional investor who in any given year was never in the top half measured against his peers. In any given year you look at this money manager and you're like yeah did okay. Nothing extraordinary. But over 30 years he was he was the best because that's all you need. It's not about what you earn this year. It's about how long can you keep it going for is all that matters. you know, having been $800,000 in debt and having leans on my house, I and clawing my way out of it. You know, it's funny in almost every interview I get asked, "How did you get out of debt?" I'm like, >> 15 years of just clawing away at the bills and saving more than I spent. I mean, it was lowering expectations for my lifestyle. I mean, it was grueling. But now I notice that I'm afraid to really do anything that feels slightly risky. >> No. >> And I know there's a lot of people that are worried about losing their money. And so if you have a mindset where you're worried about losing the money that you have, do you still recommend that people invest in the stock market? >> Yeah. Uh but it's always the question is how much? And so I have that fear. I was I've never been buried in debt. I've always been a diligent saver, but I probably have. And if you put me on the psychologist's couch, you could maybe pull a string of why this might be, but I've always had kind of a worst case scenario, prepare for the worst mentality of everything that I've done in life. So, I think that's why I've been a big saver. And so, I have, if you looked at my entire net worth, I'm trying to, it's probably a half, maybe a little bit more than half in the stock market. Most financial adviserss, if you looked at somebody my age or my income, would say, "You can have way more than that." >> And I said, "No, no, no." Like, this that's that's fine. That's plenty. Because I have this kind of worst case scenario, yeah, thinking. And that's fine. That works. That works for my personality. My my financial goal in that aspect is maximizing for how well I sleep at night. I have no desire for my tombstone to say he was in the top 5% of investors. He outperformed the S&P 5. I I couldn't care less. I want to use money as a tool to help me sleep at night. That's the metric I'm going for. And so during periods when the market has done very poorly 2008 2020 during COVID, uh it didn't really have that much impact on me because it was I was never 100% in it. I always had plenty to fall back on to if things happen. So I have quite a bit of cash and bonds and like boring basic savings. >> And look, you like you you can overdose on that. You can overdo that. But I think the idea that most financials advisors would just say, "Well, look, you know, if you want to maximize your investing returns, this is this is how much you should have in the stock market." That can be true for some people, but you really have to look in the mirror with you and your maybe your spouse and your partner and say, "Well, like what are we trying to maximize for?" And I think there's no amount of investing return that can compensate for waking up at two in the morning and saying, "Oh am I doing this right? Have I gone too far?" There's no amount of return, at least for me, that would be worth it for that. I I would much rather just use money as a tool to be happy and look at my savings and think, you know, I have young kids right now. When I think about my savings, >> I think about if something terrible happened to our family, my career, our health, whatever it might be, this savings is a cushion >> to prevent hardship on my children. >> Now, everyone's in a different situation, but for me at this phase of my life, that's that's what it is to me. And so it's not about like, oh, am I maximizing investing return? It's, am I using this as a tool to give myself and my kids, my wife a better life. That's what it is for me personally. >> Well, and that's what you said at the very beginning. You either use your money as a tool in order to live a good life and to be content. And you've now introduce this question, what am I maximizing for? >> Right? and or you're using it as this yard stick so that you can measure up with people externally. >> Right. And there's >> those are the two things >> and there's a graveyard of stories of people most of them were very wealthy people who the goal of their investments was beat other people. >> Their goal was outperform the next guy and it completely backfired on their they were chasing a goal that had no impact on their quality of life and that has that's never made much sense to me. It's always just been like, how can I use this as a tool to be happier? And there are a lot of people I explained in psychology money how I invest my money. And I was maybe not surprised, but I think it's so interesting to me that it seems like their goal is making the spreadsheet happy. >> Their goal is so that you could come up with a formula that says you're maximizing return. And my goal has always been use it as a tool to live a better life. >> What is the shorthand version? I do I know you do write about it in your book for how you do invest your money. So I invest in what are called index funds which are very boring, very basic. You basically own every stock in the universe. Pick a public company. I own it in this fund. Very low cost. And I invest consistently every month, every quarter. And I've never sold anything in any significant amounts. And I hope to do that forever. I hope this is money that I pass along to my kids or charity or whatever it might be. And and that's it. It's as boring and basic as that. And if you look at my entire net worth, it's a house, cash, index funds, and shares of a company called Markeel, where I'm on the board of directors. And that that's it. It's it's as simple and boring as basic as you can get. The more complicated your investments are, the lower the odds that you can actually stick with them for 10 or 20 or 30 years. And getting back to compound interest, like all that matters is, can you stick with this? Can you keep this going for years or decades? And I think the simpler it is, the fewer levers you have to pull in your portfolio, the higher the odds that you're going to be able to stick with it for a long period of time. >> You keep saying the word patience. >> And I think it's both patience with the things that you're doing, patience with yourself as your life is not meeting your expectations. Yeah. Patience with your emotions when you feel like maybe if you bought that new thing, those new set of golf clubs, it'd make you feel a little less depressed. Patience. Patience. patience for somebody who's never invested. They don't look at their money. They feel intimidated by this. What would you say to them, Morgan? >> One of the most important things about investing in the stock market is that we know historically you can do very well over time. You can make a lot of money in the stock market over time. Like anything else in life, there is a cost of that. >> There there is a fee for doing that. And when I say fees, I'm not talking about fees to your adviser, fees to your broker. The fee for doing well in investing is putting up with a constant never-ending chain of volatility and uncertainty. That's what you're getting paid for. That's the cost of admission is putting up with the fact that I am very confident that the stock market will do well over the next 20 years. But I have no idea when that return is going to come. We might get all of that return next year and then have 19 years of stagnation. We might get 19 years of stagnation and then it all comes in year 20. We have no idea when it's going to come. And enduring that and putting up with that >> is the cost of admission. There are other investments out there that have no volatility. The savings account in the bank, you have no volatility, very predictable what your returns are going to be. Your returns are going to be low. Those are the returns that you deserve. And so if you're willing to put up with volatility and uncertainty and not knowing, that's that's the cost of admission. And historically, that has been a cost of admission that is worth paying. that if you can put up with that over time, 10, 20 years, you can do extraordinarily well. >> You know, Morgan, you make a huge distinction between being rich and wealthy. Can you walk us through the difference and why it matters? >> I think if you are rich, that by my definition, that means that you have the money in the bank to buy the things that you want. You can make your mortgage payment, you can make your car payment, you can pay for your dinners out, whatever you want to do. That's rich. Wealthy is independent. It's money in the bank that you're not spending. It is money. It's things that you have not purchased. It's savings. It's investments that's sitting there not being spent, but it's giving you independence. It's giving you financial independence and psychological independence where you can live your life in your way without chasing what other people what you think other people want out of you. And there are some pretty astounding examples of the two sides of the spectrum. I use this in the book, The Art of Spending Money. The Vanderbilt family was the richest family that the world had ever seen. Uh back in the 1800s, Cornelius Vanderbilt, if you adjust it for inflation, he had something like half a trillion dollars was his his net worth. And some of the other very wealthy families, the Carnegies, the Rockefellers, did a pretty good job at giving most of their money away to charity. The Vanderbilts basically said, "We're going to give it all to our kids and our grandkids and our great great grandkids." And their job is to live the biggest, most ostentatious life that you can possibly imagine. And the biographies that came from there of those Vanderbilt heirs would show, I think without exception that every single one of them was miserable. every single these are you know if you were a Vanderbilt heir in the early 1900s the day that you were born you got half a billion dollars trust fund and the only thing that was ever expected out of you in life was that you spend as big as you possibly can and every single one of them was miserable there's a book called fortune's children written by one of the heirs name is Arthur Vanderbilt and he talks about the history of his of his ancestors and it is a saddest one of the saddest books I've ever read because these people are people who maybe you and I and people listening would look at and say, "You're so lucky. That's I can't believe how lucky you got. You just got a billion dollars the day you were born." And you read it and you say like, "I I would not I would never I would never want that life because they were so they were very rich. They were the richest people in the world, but they had no independence. >> Everything was dictated about even including who they were allowed to marry was dictated by kind of the social circle of of their family. And to me, the most interesting part of the Vanderbilt family is that by this point today, virtually all the money is is gone. There are a couple Vanderbilt heirs that have some money, but the first Vanderbilt heir who got no inheritance, no trust fund, was Anderson Cooper, the CNN Post, who I'm sure most people are familiar with. His mother, Gloria Vanderbilt, was kind of the last person to get a big trust fund. And Anderson Cooper has talked about this that being the first Vanderbilt heir who didn't get much money was probably a good thing. He was the first person in his family in like 150 years who was told you have to go figure it out for yourself. You have to build your own career, make your own money, figure out your own way. And he's talked about this like he's probably the happiest person in his career. Not that he's had a perfect life, but he's he's probably one of the happiest. And I think that is again like if you look at the richest people because the Vanderbilts were the richest people in the world and they had no wealth by my definition. They had no independence. They had no ability to live their own life. I think that's the difference between rich and wealthy. >> It all comes back to what are you actually using money for? And the clearer you are about the drivers for why you're doing it, it changes what and how you're doing it. >> Yes. And it's so clear in my head like, would you rather earn $70,000 a year and your kids admire you? You've have a great marriage. You have barbecues with your friends and you sit and laugh and you're in good health. And would you rather have that life or make a million dollars a year and you're on your fifth divorce, your kids don't talk to you anymore, you're in terrible health, you're being sued by all of your business partners? It's when you frame it like that, it's the most obvious thing in the world. like would you rather have a good life and less money or more money and and a worse life? If you frame it like that, it's obvious. But still, even if you agree with that framing, it is so normal and natural to say, "Okay, but I'd still rather make a million dollars a year." Like the pull is still always there. >> Well, cuz you think you're going to be the exception. >> Everybody does. >> Everybody does. So, if you're in your 20s and you're just getting started, you haven't been a big saver, you're just got your first job out of college, Morgan, what is your advice in terms of getting good with money? >> A really simple tool that I I came to this by realizing that most people's who are making financial mistakes and have a problem with money, it's not because of the lack of intelligence, it's it's ignorance. And for most people, they actually have no idea how much money they're making or spending. And if you ask them like, "How much money do you make per month?" And how much money do you spend per month overall? Most people in that situation either couldn't tell you or they would give you an answer that's false. And I think the the very basic such boring advice that goes the longest is check your bank account balance every single day. It takes every day. Every day it takes 10 seconds. It's not that hard. And just to give yourself some sense of how much money is coming in and how much is going out, just be cognizant of it. I've never, now people don't do this anymore, but back in in a different generation, balancing your checkbook was always a big thing. Most people don't do it anymore, but I remember for my entire life since I've been a teenager, I've never had any desire to never need to do that because I know my bank account balance down to the dollar every day since I've been 16 or 17. And I think just having that awareness of what's going in and what's going out, it's the most basic advice. But for people who are new and starting out, nothing goes further than that. It's not a lack of intelligence, it's ignorance. You just have to become aware of what you're spending and how much is coming in and how much is going out. That's the very first thing. >> And what's the next thing? >> The other thing is financial independence exists on a spectrum. It's not black and white. So most people would say, we talked about this earlier, why save $20? That doesn't seem like it's going to make any difference whatsoever. So, I'm not even going to save. Every dollar that you save is a piece of your future that you own. Every dollar that you save is a little bit marginally more comfort that you're going to have if you get laid off, if you have a medical emergency, if your car breaks down, every single dollar is getting you to that place. So, if you view independence as black and white, either I'm filthy rich or there's no reason to do it, then I understand why you would say, "Why even save?" When you view it as every dollar that I save is a piece of my future that I control, it's a night of sleep in the future that's going to be a little bit better. I think the desire to save becomes even more. And you don't feel like it's idle money, like you're saving money and it's just sitting there not being used. It can give you pleasure today, right now. And I think some of the best financial decisions I've ever made was what I didn't do. I almost bought a house in my early 20s that I wouldn't have been able to afford. that would have locked me down to a region of the country that I didn't want to stay in. That would have done all kinds of things that in hindsight would have been terrible. And the freedom, the independence that I had by renting earlier in my life of getting up and going, moving to where the jobs were, I look back at that in hindsight as being an absolutely wonderful thing. >> Well, you know, as I listen to you, what I'm realizing it's also a matter of expectations. >> Yeah. If you expected to be able to afford a house in your late 20s or early 30s, then of course you're going to think you failed, >> right? >> But if you shift your expectations and say to yourself, if I'm patient, markets go up and down, >> inflation goes up and down, >> mortgage rates go up and down, if I am patient, I will be able to figure this out. And when the timing is right and when I can afford it, I will find the right house for me. >> Yes. And that's the way that you manage the stress that you feel right now because it's your expectation based on what societyy's telling you or your parents are telling you that is making you miserable around the topic. You know, one of the other big lessons of your work is the importance of mastering saving money. And I had always made the mistake of thinking about making more money. I got to make more money in order to have more money. and you really switched my thinking to focus on saving. Can you talk about why saving is so important versus the obsession with making more? >> Well, so much is is just what you need to be happy and content. And um you know, for someone it's I've always felt like my level of savings since I don't need that much to be happy. We live a my wife and I live a good life, but not a not a very materially flashy life. So, we don't need that much to kind of check the boxes in our life. And so, I feel like that can be a a superpower for your savings. If if you need $10,000 to be happy, but I only need $1,000 to be happy. Like, I'm getting way more out of that savings than you might. And so, once you realize that that gap between expectations and reality is like the feel the super like supercharging your savings, then it has a totally different feel. And so this is especially true when I was younger where saving $100 or $1,000 that was that made an extraordinary difference in my life. I think the wealthiest I've ever felt was when I had $5,000 in the bank. And I I remember just feeling like that's it was such an unfathomable amount of money at that phase in my life. And I look back at it now where that would that's a less meaningful amount of money to me now than it was back then. But I look back at it now, I'm like, "Yeah, but I was like I I I I thought it was more extraordinary back then." And isn't that kind of sad that like that made me feel so rich? I remember waking when I had $5,000 and just being like, I can't even fathom how much this is. And now I don't get that feeling with that kind of money. And isn't that kind of sad? That's what happens when your expectations kind of kind of spiral up. So the idea that the power of your savings is completely dependent on the expectations of what you have and the lifestyle that you want to live, I think is is is a pretty powerful idea. How do you switch the focus though from this obsession of making more to understanding the importance of saving? >> I' I've always viewed it as again back to independence. And if you are earning a high salary, but you need that money >> to to pay your bills this year, you have no independence whatsoever. But if you have lower expectations and a lower level of life, still a good life, not a not a completely frugal life, a good life, and your savings can cover some portion of that, that's going to give you a better sense of contentment in there. And so, look, I want to earn more money. I want to earn more money this year than I did last year. I want to earn more money next year. I have that as well. I think ambition is is a wonderful thing, but I also have a level of savings that would tell me that if I did not earn more money next year, even if my income collapsed next year, I'd be okay. And particularly at this phase of my life with kids, nothing matters more than me to that. If my career collapsed next year, we'd still have our house. We'd still have this level of savings that I've been saving for for, you know, 25 years having the savings built up to which we're going to be okay. Because income can be much more fickle than savings is, you know, most people over the course of their life, what are the odds that you will get laid off at some point in your life? >> Very high. >> Guaranteed. very almost 100% that at some point in your life your income is going to fall to zero. >> It might be for a week, it might be for a year, it might be for you, who knows how long it's going to last, but it will happen to you. So income is much more fickle than savings. >> And when that happens to you, and it will, or maybe it already has, the savings that you've built up in the previous years is going to be the most valuable thing that you've ever imagined. >> Morgan, what do you recommend we do paid? I view savings as an expense just as I would view rent or food or whatnot. Now, obviously, it is more subjective. You don't have to save in the sense that you have to buy food, but if but once you view savings as a nice to have, it's it's almost unavoidable that you're going to you're going to avoid doing it. Once you view it as I don't need to do this, you're going to view it as I shouldn't do it then. >> So, how do I think about it? If I think about it as an expense, >> I think about savings as the most valuable portion of my of my financial life. I think the idea that life is more fragile than we want to admit. Careers are more fragile than we want to admit. The economy and geopolitics are more fragile than we want to admit is why you should save. If we all lived in a world where we knew exactly how what our income and expenses would be in the future, this would all be very easy. But we don't. It's a constant chain of of unknowns and surprises in your personal life and throughout the broader country, the broader world. And that's why savings is mandatory. And I just like I think everyone has a desire has an obligation to manage their health. You have to manage your health. You can't just put it off. It's going to affect you whether you like it or not. I think money falls in that bucket or two as well. Even if you don't have any desire to learn about money or finances, you have an obligation to learn about it and to respect it because it's going to impact your life whether you like it or not. >> Here's one way that I have started treating savings like an expense. Use the 10% rule. No matter what you're getting paid, save 10%. So, if you're working a restaurant shift and you get 50 bucks in tips, save $5. That's the 10% rule. If you watch somebody's dogs this weekend and somebody's paying you a hundred bucks to watch the dogs over the weekend, save $10. That's the 10% rule. And that's how you can make savings a habit, no matter how little or how much you make. Anything is exponentially better than nothing. And I I meet people I I I remember when I was younger, when I was a teenager, saving $5, saving 10 I remember transferring $15 from my checking account to my savings account. And that might seem completely worthless to people, but it made sense to me back then of like that's that's that's a meal in my future that I have now that I didn't have before. It's like anything is better than nothing is is is the most important rule of thumb. >> Is there a simple and effective way to make saving money a habit? >> Anytime in finance that you can automate it as well. >> Okay. Okay, so automating your bank and say every paycheck you're going to move $50 to savings, whatever it might be, and making it automatic, the more that you can take behavior out of the system, >> because we're all flawed, we're all emotional, we're all biased, we've all got social pressures, I do, you do, everybody does. The more that you can take emotion out and put automation in, the better you're going to do over time. pay my bills. What do you want them to know? judge you. I'm sure you're a good person and you should not be embarrassed about it because there are tens or hundreds of millions of other people in your shoes. So, knowing that you're not alone, I think is an empowering thing for most people because a lot of people look at their lack of savings, look at their poor financial uh skills, and they feel guilt, shame, and embarrassment. >> And you shouldn't. This is a very, very common thing. It doesn't mean you're a bad person. But the second thing you should know is that it is in your control. I use this in the psychology of money. It's an astounding story. It's a guy named Ronald Reed. Ronald Reed came from the most humble, if not impoverished background that you can imagine. And even as an adult, he spent his entire career as a janitor and a gas station attendant. And when he died, he left millions of dollars to charity. And everyone was like, where this janitor has millions of like what in the world happened here? And the answer was he saved what little he could. $10 here, $20 there, maybe $100 a year. He invested in the stock market. He left it alone for like 70 years. And that's it. That's the whole story. And that's that's all you need. If you have the right behavior, if you have the right mindset, you don't need much else to even achieve extraordinary returns over time. >> You know, one of the big lessons from your work for me is also this idea that enough is better than more. And I'm reading from your blockbuster bestseller, The Art of Spending Money. This is page 36. Desiring less can have the same impact on your well-being as gaining more money. And desiring less does not mean giving up. It doesn't mean you don't know how to spend money and have a good time. I think it's quite the opposite. To be content with what you have is the deepest way to enjoy the house you've purchased, the clothes you wear, and the vacations you take. Talk to us about that. >> Having enough does not mean you have no aspirations for more. I want to work very hard this year and earn as much money as I can. I want to do that next year and the year after that. but with as much emphasis with as much strategy and will. I want to think about my expectations and keep my expectations in check. And when you realize that wealth is what you have versus what you want >> and the the wider that gap is, the worse you're going to feel. The narrower that gap is, the better you're going to feel. You can mix aspirations for wanting more with contentment with what you have and appreciation for what you have as well. And how do you do that? You have to go out of your way to think about it all the time because it's not normal and natural. What is normal and natural and everyone's knee-jerk reaction is I want more and once I have more, I'm going to be happier about it. The idea of being gracious and having gratitude for the world that we live in, for what we have rather than what we don't have. For me, it takes effort to do that. But every therapist, every psychologist would tell you how powerful gratitude is. And it sounds kind of mushy and wishy-washy, like how can that possibly be be a thing? Nothing in psychology, I think, is more powerful than keeping your expectations in check and being gracious for what you already have. There's a great quote from Stephven Hawking, the great scientist, who of course had ALS and uh was had absolutely no control over his body. He could not even speak. He was in a wheelchair for his almost his entire adult life. And he gave this interview with the New York Times several years before he died. And in the interview, he was talking about how unbelievably happy he was and how grateful he was to be able to do this research and how great his life was. And if there's any of us who have the right to complain about life, it's somebody like Stephen Hawking. If there's anyone who has the right to wake up and say, "I was dealt an unfair hand in life and I'm so jealous of you and me," it's him. And he wasn't. He was so happy. And so the New York Times asked him, they said, "What's your secret to happiness?" And he said, "My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21." That's when he got his disease. And he said, "Everything else since then has been a bonus." >> And it just made him in that dealing with that tragedy made it much easier for him to exercise gratitude for what he did have. Now, obviously, I hope to not be in that situation. I hope you're not, and I hope I hope nobody is in that situation. But it's unavoidably true that when you experience that kind of trauma, whatever the trauma might be, it can be losing a job, it could be divorce, whatever it is, that it can push you closer towards appreciating what you do have. >> How do you take that quote, everything was reduced to zero, so anything else that happened became a bonus. and use that philosophy to change your mindset about money, you know, for somebody cuz I because there was so much that you just shared that I think is super important and I want the person listening who maybe has no savings, who's living paycheck to paycheck to be able to take everything that you've shared with us and really use these tool two tools because what you're saying is whether it's constantly comparing yourself to other people or having outsized expectations for where you are or the power of being grateful and just stopping for a minute that you are where you are and that you can change your behaviors based on everything that you've shared with us today. >> That that's a foothold. >> To be able to work with like how do we apply this to flip our mindset right away. >> I remember reading the story many years ago about a family, husband, wife and two or three kids and their house burned down. Burned completely to the ground. They lost everything. the house that they had grown up in and imagined their future being in. And when their house burned down, everyone is distraught and in tears. We lost everything. And the mom gathers everyone together and says, "Guys, everything that we need to be happy is right here. The five of us, this is all that any of us ever need to be happy. It's right here. We have each other. We lost everything material, but none of that mattered. Everything we have is right here." And I think there is some version of that in everybody's life, regardless of what your family situation is, that you have all the tools that you need right now to be as happy as you are capable of becoming. It's not to discount your problems. It's just that everything is the gap between expectations and reality. And you have those tools right now. And I think if you go out of your way to not compare yourself to what you don't have, but to appreciate what you do have at any level of life, >> I think you get a little bit closer to that feeling of what you're trying to get to, which is contentment. >> And rather than waking up and saying, "What don't I have and what hole is that going to fill," you're waking up and being like, "Look, I'm pretty grateful for the control that I have over my emotions. I'm grateful for the hope that I have in the future. I'm grateful that I can control those thoughts without them being dictated by society and move ahead from there. >> I love it. It's also a way to double down on what you are capable of doing once you get out of your own way. >> Right, >> Morgan? If the person who's listening wants to change the story they tell themselves about money, what is the story that you would say this is what you should say to yourself from this point forward? >> Money can make you happier. having more money, spending more money can make you happier, just not in the way that you probably think and not as much as you probably think. That you can use it as a tool to live a better life and that is a great thing. It can also be much more commonly a yard stick of status to measure yourself against others by. We've repeated that multiple times because I think it's the most important thing today in this era about money is that because it's so easy to measure. It's so easy to quantify and our society has made it so that that is the level of success that your net worth is equal to your self-worth. And it's obviously a broken and damaging story. And once you exercise controlling your expectations, controlling your emotions, being having gratitude for what you do have, I think that's the ultimate that's the ultimate wealth for me. It's not necessarily about what your net worth is. It's your ability to control what you think and be grateful for what you do have. If the person who's spent this time together with us takes one action today from everything that you've shared, what do you think the most important thing to do coming out of this conversation? >> Realize that other people are not thinking about you as much as you are >> that you and your goals are often attached to wanting to impress other people, but they're not paying attention because they are busy worrying about themselves. That's the first step to controlling your expectations. Once you can control your expectations, you get much closer to what I think the ultimate goal is, which is being content with your money. >> Well, the most important thing uh for me right now is to thank you. You and your work have made a huge difference in my life. And so, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for what you do. And thank you for being here with us today. >> Thank you, Mel. This has been fun. Thank you for having me. >> You're welcome. And I also want to thank you. Thank you for making the time to listen to something that is going to improve your financial life. He talked a lot about independence and what I heard in that was freedom. And when you apply the simple things that he told you to do, I promise you, you're not only going to gain more independence, you are going to feel freer. And one more thing, in case no one else tells you this, as your friend, I wanted to be sure to tell you that I love you and I believe in you and I believe in your ability to create a better life. There is no doubt in my mind if you and I apply everything that Morgan taught us today, we will create and we will live a better life. All righty, I will be waiting for you in the very next episode. I'll welcome you in the moment you hit play. I'll see you there. And thank you for watching all the way to the end. I love being here with you on YouTube. And I know you're thinking, "Okay, Mel, tell me what I should watch next." But first, I got to tell you something. Hit subscribe. Got it. Good. Thank you for supporting me. Thank you for supporting the team. Now, let me recommend the next video you watch. You're going to love this one. And I will welcome you in the moment you hit play.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DecIanLong [9 likes]: I started with $5k just last week and now l"ve hit $17,590. I was having this exact conversation
with my son the other night -generational wealth isn't just about getting money. lt's about
teaching everyone not only how to make it, but also how to maintain it. Ilt does no good for me
to provide for my family if they dont understand how to manage and sustain it. That's why
really love this video.
  2. @PatrickGarcia35 [1 likes]: idk why but every time things get volatile I forget everything I planned before.
  3. @Liyabrown25: “Everybody is jealous of what you’ve got. NOT everybody is jealous of how you got this!!! Wow hit deep ❤❤❤
I noticed that my first car I got what my working hard earn money without Co sign. And the fact old ex-friend give a look or no congratulations for me is telling me how much people compare their life to others 😊
  4. @MoneyMapAI-g3o: 💫🩷
  5. @orenrozanski4374: TOP !!!!!!
  6. @BruceRamirez-l1c: I feel like I’ve been focusing on the wrong priorities, mainly quick gains instead of long-term stability.
  7. @MicahInvests001: Exactly
100% right
  8. @burnamars001: thank you too i really appreciate this
  9. @danielwillover: I have two buckets 
It's called. Is it a want or is it a need?
I never spend money to try to impress somebody to try to keep up with somebody
10% rule. There's a book called the richest man of Babylon with the same 10% rule
  10. @SmartMoneyIdentity17: How do you balance between learning new strategies and sticking to one system?
  11. @danielwillover: If you want your kids to listen to you, turn off Mr. Beast
  12. @DouglasBaker971: Do you think most people want results more than they’re willing to do the work for them?
  13. @NurFaiz_98: Watch this before you go to Coachella 2027🫶
  14. @StreetSmartMoney-y3v: Everyone is jealous of what you have but not jealous of how u got it
  15. @AndrewLewis399: yeah… this is one of those videos that makes you rethink your approach a bit
  16. @true6457: Too many adds Mel and the psychology is so boring. You use to have clear concise steps no nonsense direction. Now you have 40 mins of just research says and this expert digging deep. No more all this analyzing a lecture. No what we want is the old Mel coffee talk Mel where you actually gave I direct answers. It all this fluff from experts.  Don't get me wrong they're all brilliant. However Mel if you did a show on just you and YOUR STEPS the real nitty gritty of how YOU and your husband actually climbed out of debt, it'd be a HUGE hit! MILLIONS of followers! 
You always say we all know what to do to climb out of our debt. That's actually NOT TRUE. SOME folks (myself included) are so OVERWHELMED buried in debt that we NEED someone to help us w the steps. You'd have another huge following if you just gave a blueprint for different kinds of debt and SOLUTIONS. Ido enjoy the experts! They're TERRIFIC educated folks w great reputations. However we want to see you Mel. You're the star and your appeal is direct down to earth style and simply explained dialogue is so engaging! And BEAUTIFUL! You are one of the most beautiful pod caster/motivational speakers around. I still live watching your 1st Ted talk. What a gorgeous bundle of smart, witty and hilarious yet super smart engaging presentation. I could watch it again and again! ❤
  17. @MannyJaimes: Holy intro my dumbahh thought the video started lol
  18. @johngarrity9438: Be great if people would pay me on time
  19. @Perrock6338: there are so many points this not being touched like the cost of living in its current economy the way the government is controlling IRS  There's there's the fact of getting a job is controlled by AI so that the company that hires you goes  according to a standard in order for you to be hired
  20. @MelissaVela-b4z: Love this. Thank you Mel!!

- Family Offices Explained: Multi-Generational Wealth Management | PropertyAngel Podcast Ep15: Kind: captions Language: en But for someone who owns thousands of crores, right? How would they spend? The third generation usually kind of Yes. You know, uh completely uh destroys the wealth. Yeah. So, if we had to distinguish a family office from a wealth management company, right? So, what are the additional roles that you play? Ring-fencing the assets. If I'm an entrepreneur who has also got some uh have taken debt into my company or has got some leverage, then I need to ring-fence my personal assets while they are only getting wealthier. Right? So, the investment policy statement uh will have all the dos and don'ts when you're doing an investment. They had invested in some FDs in Ghana or and some other African country where they were getting 50% returns on their FDs, right? The reason why a trust is set up by families is one, it it is clearly a succession vehicle, okay? And you want to have a trust structure for the succession rather than directly going into the family's hands. family office in China. And she said, "You should see the kind of requests that you get. I mean, it's like, I just want to spend the day shopping in Paris tomorrow." Younger generation is not keen to manage the day-to-day aspects of wealth management. So, family offices have been investing more and more into startups, right? In fact, that's the most efficient way of transferring money. Any tips and tricks from these family offices that can be applied to retail investors as well? Family offices work well when they follow this three E strategy. It's been actually very heartwarming to see because in India suddenly philanthropy is happening a lot more than it was happening earlier, right? With the first generation entrepreneurs. Shripriya, welcome to the Property Angel podcast. It's always a pleasure having another woman on the show, which doesn't happen very often. Yes. So, today we are here talking about the concept of family offices in general and their relationship to real estate. Sure. You are of course a co-founder of InCred, which is one of the most well-established family offices that at least I'm aware of. And you manage Nandan Nilekani's wealth, so that says it all. Uh to start off, can you help us understand what is a family office and who it caters to? Sure. Thank you, Swapna, for hosting me. And it's a pleasure talking to another woman in this space, which is very good. So, uh family office as a concept is relatively new in our country. I think in the Western world, it is uh uh well-established. Uh in India, over the last one decade or maybe uh closer to two decades, the concept is evolving. And uh So, the the whole idea of family office is it is uh an office set up by the family. So, that means it's a professional team who will manage who will help you with managing your estate in a very professional manner, bringing in uh governance structures, robust process, and helping you to uh customize the portfolios and the investment uh management process, etc. So, it's an office set up by the family in a very Okay. shorter or a nutshell to say. And uh so, typically family offices are set up by uh the entrepreneurs or business owners who have kind of seen or uh created significant wealth, where they also want to uh maintain a distance between their operating business and their wealth or the personal wealth, which probably will be a family inheritance, right? So, it's a multi-generational wealth, which they would like to distinguish from their operating business and diversify. And again, family offices initially used to be a wealth management kind of an alternative form. But I would say there's a wealth creator space now. Okay. So, the the second gen and the third gen is looking at family office as a platform where they can help creating the wealth in a different form, diversifying or looking at other investment opportunities, which itself can be uh highly, you know, growth-oriented. And also um there is this concept which we all have learned and heard about uh the uh the third generation usually kind of Yes. you know, uh completely uh destroys the wealth. Yeah. So, family office stands very tall and quite uh helping these families to safeguard the wealth across generations. So, that's a very important role. Yeah. And one of the reasons mainly families set up or consider having a family office is this. Okay. That the next generation also Yeah. has this enduring legacy. This podcast is brought to you by Property Angel, the award-winning property management platform trusted by absentee owners since 2014. Got it. Yeah. Is there some threshold of net worth that one can become eligible for a family office? Uh I would say the threshold could be a 50 crores and above for a setting up a single family office. Not even 50, it's 2,000 crores and above for a single family office. Okay. Uh but anything between 50 to 2,000 crore, we call we categorize them under our multi-family office practice. So, you don't have to necessarily set up a team dedicated team have a dedicated team to manage your affairs. You can have something like a multi-family office where there are experts who can handle your uh estate and wealth management and other aspects. So, there is this concept of multi-family office, which is again evolving. So, we fall in that bracket. Okay. So, we have the capability of setting up a single family office Mhm. and also offer multi-family office services for our clientele who are from 50 crores and upward. Okay. And anyone lesser than that, so again uh family office is more of a lifestyle requirement, I would say. Somebody who is in 10, 15 crores today Yeah. and probably he or she is an entrepreneur Yeah. probably wanting to have a dedicated team to take care of their managing money, assets, etc., but want to continue focusing on their core strength business or developing some new technology, etc. They also can choose a family office because what you're ultimately getting is a professional team to manage your estate. Mhm. And you're also empowering the team to take decision on your behalf. Because what happens, even if I have 15, 20 crores, the time I spend on managing the wealth uh doing portfolio reviews, talking to the various bank relationship managers, etc., is not. And many many times people don't want to spend their time. They would rather focus their energy and bandwidth on building their businesses. Yeah. So, we always say that, you know, we we are advocates of saying that even 10 crores and upward, you can think of uh associating with a family office. But again, not a single family office, have a multi-family office. Yeah. To distinguish between a single family and a multi-family office, for a multi-family office is set up like entrepreneurs like yourself. Uh for a single family office, who would that be owned by? Would that also be a separate business entity or would it be run by an employee of the family business itself? No, so again, there are two types. Some of the families, they have either identified a senior member within the family, like the elder son Mhm. or the elder daughter who takes over management of Okay. assets. That is one possibility. But there are also families where they their children, probably the younger generation, is not wealth management or estates, etc. But they can hire a professional team. Okay. Uh who will be enabled to handle this uh family office for them. Okay. So, family offices are either owned and run, managed by the family members, or it can be outsourced to a professional team, but still overseen by the family. By the family, yeah. That's also possible. So, there are families where they have an investment committee, for example. The investment committee would be a set of professional team members, but will have one person from the family. Okay. Say the senior member of the family would be there in the investment committee who can be the decision-maker. Okay. So, that is Okay. So, are all your customers family businesses or do you also have professionals? We have a lot of professionals, thanks to being in Bangalore. In fact, we enjoy working with our clients because most of them are either first-gen entrepreneurs, techpreneurs, or they are uh professionals who have created wealth uh in this, you know, the the uh what do you call ESOP or over the last two, three decades of the growth story in India, especially from the Silicon Valley, where we are in Bangalore. So, Okay. not necessarily business families. We haven't had any business families. So, what's the percentage allocation between business families and uh the professionals? I would say 90, 95% is professionals which we are managing. In fact, that's the reason we always believe in this wise wealth concept. Yeah. Yeah. Uh that's a term which we coined after around four, five years uh of existence in our family office business. We realized that most of our clientele Mhm. which we had, thankfully, is all first-gen entrepreneurs who have uh built businesses, who have created wealth, and have also created a lot of impact to the society in terms of having lot of uh job creation opportunities, creating wealth for the employees, and all of that. So, we felt that wealth is not just, you know, something which is a transactional thing, which uh wealth is, you know, also to mean that you have the capability to now create a much more bigger impact in the society. And it is it the wealth is created in a clean, simple manner. And also they believe in continuing this to be a very simple, transparent uh and easily possible to, you know, go for the next generation, transition to the next generation. So, we believe this is a wise wealth kind of a journey. Okay. And thankfully, we have been associated with such clientele who believe in the same philosophy. Okay. So, we are again advocates of this philosophy widely. So, if we had to distinguish a family office from a wealth management company, right? So, what are the additional roles that you play? Okay. Uh That's a very good question because everyone usually compares and thinks that family office is all about managing money and wealth management. But, we clearly say that we are not a competition to the wealth management or we are not into that space only. Wealth management is just one aspect of what we do. Invariably, most of the families will have various other things which they want us to uh support with. Like, for example, the multifaceted uh requirements like your taxation, uh compliance aspects, legal services, uh managing their property for some uh some instances, real estate purchase or you know, buying or selling of transactions, uh having a will in place or setting up a family trust, for example, or setting up a new company for some requirements. So, each family has their own unique requirements. So, we have been uh from the beginning we believe that it has to be a tailor-made solution for each families. Okay. are very bespoke and customize the uh require customize the solutions for each and every family we work with. But, some are very investment focused, but some are they say that I already have so much of real estate in my portfolio. Mhm. Uh so, help me in probably selling some of these real estates Mhm. and then you can manage that money. Mhm. So, for us for us the foot into the door would be handling the real estate part of it. That's why we have built a capability in house with a uh team who can handle the property management as well as real estate service. And you know, in India most of them invariably at least the older generations they used to have a lot of real estate properties. And that is a very strong asset class in their portfolios. Yeah. So, I was at a family office conference recently and this topic came up as to what percentage is allocated to real estate. And somebody commented that family offices or wealth management companies haven't figured out how to monetize uh real estate management, which is why there's always advice to exit that and you know, invest in other asset classes. So, what's your take on that? No, no. So, I think one is real estate definitely is a major part in most of the portfolios. And some are by design, some are not by design, but they it could be inheritance where you do not have an option. So, over a period of time we help them if they want to, you know, reduce their holdings in the real estate, we help them. Uh there are of course, we don't uh we don't just suggest a sell immediately. If the property is good and you know, if it is in a right place where you see there's a huge potential upside, we will not definitely tell them to go and sell it, but we will help them to manage the property and see at an appropriate time when we can exit, when we get the uh you know, good buyer at right time, etc. So, many clients have given us the property management mandate only to manage these properties as and when there is a time for exit, they will tell us. Or the mandates like some of the families want to put all their documents in order. So, some of the inheritance properties we see that the documents are not in Yeah. order. Yeah. And you know, you have maybe one or two documents which are missing where not you need to send somebody to the government authorities and get it procured it, get the title deeds prepared, uh cleared, etc. So, all of that we we call it as sale ready documentation and we help them. So, that is one service which we do for family office clients. Okay. So, in terms of these are more transactional sort of activities or would you actually manage like a rental property? So, like for us at Property Angel we manage rental properties, we charge a small percentage of the rent. Uh so, is that also something that you would do or is it more transactional, you know? I get it. So, it is not our forte by itself, but for our family office clients, uh at least two or three of them, since we have the holistic mandate to do to take care of everything, we have got a one or two people in house in the team who can take care of their properties in the sense uh there's a tenant who's already occupied. So, we just have to ensure that if there is any requirement from the tenant, we would just take care of it. Or if the tenant moves out, then we can just help them to get another tenant and get the documentation done, lease agreement, and all of that. But, by itself property services or alone stand alone product we don't generally give. That is not our comfort area because it involves a lot of you know that. So, it's a very challenging and operationally intensive kind of a process. So, it's difficult. Yeah. So, you can think about Yeah, definitely. We'd love to manage our clients' properties. Definitely. Um so, in terms of the revenue model, right? Like, how would your revenue model be in terms of managing across the asset classes? Okay. So, our revenue model is purely fee-based. Okay. So, our principle is conflict-free uh advisory model. So, for every mandate which we take, there'll be a fixed fee which we would propose and the client agrees to that fee and it's purely fee-based services, all of these services. There is no other hidden cost from our side. Uh there's no other brokerage or commission which we would earn from any third-party product manufacturers or service providers. So, it's complete transparent, no conflict engagement with our clients. So, even if we do a transaction in the real estate front, we will upfront say that these are the costs involved and this is what we would uh be providing you as service as scope of work. And if the client agrees, we will do it. Wherever we have our own network, we can source a buyer or a seller, we will do it. Otherwise, we will engage a broker. So, we will tell the client there is a brokerage fee which would be additional or within the fees what he has agreed to us, maybe we would have to we will have to share that with the broker. So, it's complete transparent fee-based model is what we work with. Okay. So, there's no percentage of net worth or anything else like It is percentage of net worth. Obviously, the collection the fee is fixed basis the percentage of assets or the complexity of the you know, the estate because some of them would have primarily in real estate and not liquidable assets. So, I can't just say a percentage of asset. So, it will take time, but there is complexity of handling the property, you know, some kind of operational work. So, it purely depends on the percentage of assets if it is financial assets or it would be a combination of a percentage plus some kind of a fixed retainer because there is other operational work or a real estate mandate or something like that. So, I was reading on your LinkedIn profile that recently you had uh managed uh sale of or a purchase of a 100-year-old tea plantation, right? So, that's more of like an investment banking sort of a role. Yeah, it is correct. Play that role as well. So, that was a requirement which came from one of our clients and it is actually a takeover of a company which held this tea estate. Okay. So, it's more an M&A transaction and since there is a residence or there is a property also involved, we had to do multiple level of diligence, Okay. property diligence, legal documents, the company related documents, company secretarial papers diligence, all of this. So, it was a almost a 6-month exercise. Wow. Our entire legal team, our CFO and uh of of course, the MD, myself, operating officer and uh uh the we had to engage the third-party advocates as well, third-party legal team, another professional firm for tax diligence. So, it was a whole lengthy 4-to-6-month process, but it got completed successfully. Okay. It was a very good transaction. So, you have business advisory services as well, right? But, to advise on business you need experts in that particular industry. So, how does business advisory work? Uh so, it is a combination of both. So, we have business advisory team members who have worked who have been in businesses, who have held very senior CXO roles, etc. So, they can give certain perspective. And of course, we go to external consultants wherever required. We are tied up with many of these leading firms. So, wherever it is required, we have impaneled quite a few. So, we go and take their expert opinion as well. But, primarily our advice would be either in the fund raise, structuring of the fund, or any strategic guidance in terms of hiring a senior team member, senior CXO level person for the company, etc. Or fund raise, whether there's a right time, you know, how do we structure it, what kind of evaluation. So, all of this are kind of common across all the sectors. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's not a sector specific. Okay. Yeah. So, talking about uh investment planning and wealth management, which is one of the core activities that you do. Uh from what I understand, the different asset classes are one real estate, then you have securities which could be listed or unlisted, you know, like your private placements or startup investments. Uh you have the cash FD component of course, and then you have commodities, precious metals and alternatives, which could include your art and crypto, right? So, do you advise across all of these asset classes? Uh we have capability to advise across all of this except crypto. Crypto we do not do it. We have never uh done it and so far there is no comfort because firstly it is not regulated in India. So, we wouldn't want to do it. Art is a very case-to-case basis. Uh there have clients who have come to us, uh requested for certain, you know, specific art collection, you know, suggestions for uh art experts, uh museums, or you know, some connection to them, which we have done. Yeah. So, these are all very selective basis. So, like I said, for every family, depending on their requirements, we have to like customize and give our advice and option. Again, philanthropy is another one. So, again, it is selective. So, some clients come forward saying that I would like to have one portion of one part of my portfolio allocated every year towards a philanthropic cause which I would like to give. Okay. So, that's another aspect which comes into the overall advisory. Yeah, yeah. So. So, that's been actually very heartwarming to see because in India, suddenly philanthropy is happening a lot more than it was happening earlier, right? Especially with the first generation entrepreneurs. So, is this more like charity and charitable organizations or is this more in terms of social enterprise investing in social enterprises? Both. It's again, we see the trends where there's a mix of social impact related enterprises, plus there is direct philanthropy into foundations and charity organizations. Both are there. Both are there. Okay. So, I would say personally, I think I always believe that if it is impact investing, you might as well look at philanthropy and don't mix. This is purely a personal comment, not from my organization. Don't mix the investment part into your philanthropy part. It's like how those days, you know, people take insurance product or ULIP product saying that it is a mutual fund investment. I would say impact fund is an impact fund, but if you're looking for returns, don't get into impact fund, look at some other fund, the normal funds. And then philanthropy is separate. So, if you're allocating a portion for philanthropy, it should be a a separate bucket and has to be channeled towards the organizations which you want to support with. But it's also good for even an NGO to become self-sustainable, right? So, if they can invest in enterprises that are social enterprise and ultimately start making profit that they can self-sustain. Yeah, that that option is also there. There is a model. In fact, section eight companies are there. There are many section eight companies which are set up for this purpose that you'd run like an enterprise. You have your P&L. You also do that, but it's primarily a non-profit organization. So, it's a mix of both. So, in terms of all of these asset classes we spoke about, right? Typically, what do you I'm assuming the major investments will go into either real estate or securities. Right? So, how do you allocate wealth across all of these asset classes on the average? Okay. So, it's So, we do we have a very robust process of engaging or onboarding with every client. We first understand the risk profile of the client. Then we do investment policy statements or a kind of a framework which then becomes your guiding path for the investment journey. So, the investment policy statement will have all the do's and don'ts when you're doing an investment. When you're recommending a product, what suits to the client, what are the kind of asset classes which I can take to the client, within the asset class, how much percentage. There will be a prudential limit set for each of this. Like, for example, if it's a close-ended product, a locked-in product, then I would have a certain threshold. So, there are there are various parameters. All of this is captured in the investment policy document. And then that becomes our guiding path and our framework. So, based on the investment policy statements, then the allocations, the asset allocation will happen and the the advice would go based on these. The overall asset allocation which has been agreed with the client basis the IPS. And IPS is the investment policy statement. And then an advice would be sent. Once the client approves, it gets invested. Okay. So, ours is purely an advisory model. Got it. So, talking about risk profiling, right? I mean, you you hear the concepts of wealth preservation and wealth accumulation or appreciation, right? Now, obviously, anybody would want to preserve their wealth and capital and would want to maximize, you know, the appreciation as much as possible. So, it does risk profiling only mean short-term volatility and is it that somebody with a higher risk profile will on the average always make higher returns on the long term? Obviously, higher risk, higher returns. The more risk you take in your portfolio, obviously, there's a potential to give higher returns. So, capital preservation and capital appreciation is totally two different things. I would say a capital preservation kind of a client who's oriented towards preservation style would more be moderate conservative risk category. He or she may not want to have too much of allocation into equity linked products because there is a risk factor there. He He or she would prefer portfolio to be more fixed income or some balanced kind of a portfolio where capital is preserved. That's the first criteria. So, their risk tolerance level is very low. Okay. In a capital preservation style client. Whereas on the capital appreciation, your idea is to enhance the portfolio yield by taking exposure to riskier asset classes or having exposure to growth oriented kind of stocks or funds. That'll be the capital appreciation. So, there the risk tolerance is very high. Got it. So, recently we were talking to somebody and they said that they had invested in some FDs in Ghana or some other African country where they were getting 50% returns on their FDs, right? So, are there some similar unconventional sort of investments that you have made? No, definitely no. Again, for the reason that we are a SEBI registered firm. Okay. So, any investment advice which we give has to be it it all goes through these SEBI's, you know, the advisory regulations what has been given to us. And I don't think there's any fixed deposit in India at least which can give these kind of rates. So. Okay. So, family offices have been investing more and more into startups, right? I mean, earlier it would be through a VC, now it's happening even directly. So, do you help with the entire startup investment? How do you source startups? How do you value them? Sure, that's a great space now and it's a emerging trend, I would say, because family because you have a family office now. It was not there earlier. It was only wealth management firms. Now you have a family office, either it is dedicated your own set of team members or it is a professional team. But you have somebody who's dedicated to understand the investment, the private investment. And families are more comfortable because again, if they are a business family, they are very happy engaging with the promoter direct directly. Having conversations of how he or she, an entrepreneur, has built the business, what are his challenges, what he has gone through, and what is that potential he is seeing, he or she is seeing. So, that is kind of very interesting for our investors like our clients, right? So, our family office client finds this not just as an investment, but also a very I would say appealing You know, yeah, it is it's very interesting because I'm I'm as an entrepreneur can do only one business which I've been doing it or I'm successful. But how do I now leverage my skill set? Maybe also by, you know, getting involved into a business by means of an investor's role. I get to talk to the promoter. Obviously, most of the time family offices, one, they have the patient capital. So, they they understand the journey would be a long term. It will go through certain ups and downs, all of that. Second thing is they get to talk to the promoter. They understand the mindset of the promoter. So, their understanding and the alignment with the promoter, once that happens, they are like readily, you know, they kind of say that, "Okay, I would like to make this investment because I feel what he or she is talking makes sense and the sector is promising and numbers look good or he or she has the capability to deliver the kind of number." So, they get that feeling and then they are happy to make those investments. And we as a family office help them in this journey completely, right from sourcing the deals. How do you source deals? Sourcing, I mean, today it's very easy. Again, being in Bangalore, you are in part of many startup ecosystem. You attend so many events and conferences, conclaves. So, you get to hear a lot of news around that. And also, people send mails, meaning there are firms, VC funds globally as well who keep sending mails and mails directly to the clients because some of them are successful entrepreneurs. So, they directly send emails to the client and they forward it to us. Or we also get mails directly into our family office inbox. So, we help them in sourcing good leads, good deals in this space and then evaluate them. So, we have a team who does the evaluation and then we recommend to the clients. And after the investment Okay, so, while doing this investment also, in private investment especially, there's a lot of structuring and, you know, you have to take care of the documentation part, the diligence, the shareholders agreement. It goes through the review. You have to see that the investor rights are all taken care, right? So, all of that part we support. And then post investment also, ensuring that the documents are all stored and, you know, safely kept in one place, in one folder. And then if you have to follow up for the CCD document or the CCPS or the shares to be dematerialized, all that we will take care. Plus, on a ongoing basis, if there is any communication which is required between the company and the investor, we will act as a medium for that. So, the client is not disturbed frequently because we are connected to the investing company. So, we will be the one point contact for them. So, a general reporting like as and when we get a reporting from the In case if we do not have a significant stake, obviously, the companies will not give us access to the MIs and the reports. But here again, we have an interesting concept of CFO services. Okay. So, some of the companies where we have invested, we have also taken mandate of being a CFO service, a shared CFO service with these companies. So, that gives an access obviously to the whole of finance and the accounting MIS. So, that also helps. So, we provide these MIS to the clients on a regular basis and timely we will update on how the growth has been, how do we see the exit plans shaping up, etc. And at the time of exit, obviously again considering the tax optimization, each client would need a separately we have to see how the tax things work out. So, we help them at that stage also. So, right from entry through the journey and exit we will completely handhold them. And this is an important service because it's not like handling a listed space investment. Yeah. Because private investments, the more you do, you will have more of document work, diligence, reading of these documents. And how do you then take care of it? You know, you need to have a consolidated view of what are the investments at what valuation you entered, has the company raised a secondary or a third round, and what is the valuation, how is it moving? So, got it. So, these family offices would usually come into the seed round or series A, B, how Our Our comfort would be to get into at a growth stage at series B, C or later. But seed stage we have done few investments because it has come through some of our clients. So, if one of our client is investing in a particular one, mainly as a seed stage or at you know, later stage, and we have also kind of done a little bit of diligence, and we present it to few other clients who are also kind of interested in this space. Okay. If there is alignment, we also set up help in setting up a meeting directly with the promoters of the company. Okay. If they feel because in a startup you can't do much of diligence, right? You can only see what is the projections and how it is going to be. I mean, if the idea is really good, I'm sure the clients are much smarter. I mean, they have more knowledge than us about this space. So, they definitely would want to invest directly. And we facilitate the transaction. So, document support is something which they need which we will provide. But identifying the right startup to invest is mostly done by the families themselves. So, for an entrepreneur to raise money from a family office or from a VC, what would the difference be? Um going through the family office has its own advantage. Like I said, it's a patient capital. You get to interact with the family directly. Whereas in the fund you're only meeting the fund manager, and the fund will have certain selection metrics, right? Mostly the funds have one, two, or three themes under which only they will fund these companies. Whereas if you're directly approaching the family or the family office, you're a little more broader. You get to present across the sectors. Mostly family offices are sector agnostic. Hm. Because the idea is to, you know, enhance your yield and not very choosy and particular about sectors. They might be one or two no meaning filters of I don't want this sector like very rarely. We have not seen that. Mostly people are agnostic as long as it has a good potential to deliver the returns and it is a promising sector and the all of our the other criteria like promoter background, etc. If that suits in, mostly family offices will go with it. So, the biggest reason is family offices offer patient capital. Also the support during this journey of the family, the investment, right? So, that is a major player here. So, for the companies it's always I would say it's very easy. I have seen personally and some of the companies where we have invested, they have definitely appreciated the kind of support what we provide as a family office because they also get promptly all the responses because we have everything, right? We also don't have to go to the family. We act as a backup and we have all the required documents and everything. So, it's very seamless. So, the execution turnaround is much faster when you do it through a family office for the client. Yeah. Okay. So, in terms of the outcomes, what are the outcomes that you have seen with your startup investments? See, as a family office, it's primarily you're doing it as an investment. So, your outcome what you track is how they are growing and what's the kind of returns you're expecting and how they have achieved the returns. So, that's the only outcome which we will measure. Obviously the returns would come only if there is the product is, you know, good or the outcome whatever was expected, whatever was the goal of the company while they set up the company, has been achieved. So, Yeah, but in terms of the sort of returns you've seen so far. Okay. You mean to say what is the kind of returns it has delivered? That's I think too early to say because it's all a three-year, six-year journey. And we have started investing only in the last, say, seven, eight years. And some of the exits we have made like there's one investment in a skin care brand which we did where we have kind of made a slightly above three per three X kind of return. And um there have been other investments where we have kind of doubled all of that. So, these are very specific. So, I think the idea is to make returns. So, if there is no potential returns, definitely we wouldn't want to invest. And if it is not working successfully as per our requirement, maybe we'll have to exit. Also we would recommend an exit. It has not happened so far, thankfully. Okay. So, it's interesting that you say that these family offices are sector agnostic because I would have thought that they would invest in businesses aligned with Especially a multi-family office like ours would be sector agnostic. But if you if there are families who are personally or privately investing, maybe they are selective. But wherever I have met few of them, they said it is purely from an investment perspective. So, I'm okay and I'm sector agnostic. This is what we get to hear. I believe they are sector agnostic because it's only from the angle of investment. Yeah. So, let's talk about lifestyle management, right? An interesting topic. So, I was recently talking to someone who was managing a family office in China, and she said you should see the kind of requests that you get. I mean, it's like I just want to spend the day shopping in Paris tomorrow and things like that. So, to what extent, what is your role in lifestyle management? Do we see such requests coming in from India? How different is it? Uh so, definitely family office is a lifestyle requirement like I mentioned in the past. But I think so far we have not received such requirements of going for, you know, shopping to Paris, etc. But few of the requests I'll tell you, somebody was traveling and they wanted to get a flower bouquet arranged at the airport. So, they just called and we got it kind of coordinated and ensured that the flower bouquet is arranged. And then someone was traveling wanted a particular Indian cuisine at the restaurant. So, again we had to contact few of our known connections there and got it arranged. And someone who was coming to India from the US, she wanted some silk sarees to be purchased and she wanted to know in Mysore or Bangalore which are the good, you know, kind of stores where you can get very good high-quality designer wear sarees. So, that we have helped. And someone wanted for their birthday, for the special occasion of 50th birthday, they wanted to surprise the spouse with a Ferrari, right? So, we just arranged for a rental of Ferrari. I think I guess we have not reached the stage where we had, you know, clients calling up saying that I want to go to shopping Yeah, I guess it's too early days in India. But it's it's Wisewealth is a philosophy like I said, right? So, our clients are not the ones who are looking at such exotic lifestyle requirements. What they would basically need is keep it simple, don't give me headache, release my bandwidth, take care of my most important aspects like the tax compliance, legal, regulatory aspects, all of that. That itself is a lifestyle, right? That's also a lifestyle. That is IT notice or, you know, some regulator coming at my door and saying that you have not done this as per the policy. So, that is one of my criteria for having a good lifestyle. So, that is something which we have seen so far, but I haven't received any request. We haven't received anything like very But it's interesting to understand that for someone who owns thousands of crores, right? How would they spend their their day-to-day activities? You know, and you work with them so closely. But are you I mean, from what I'm hearing, these are people who are still running their businesses and, you know, more focused on that. But what about the second, third generation? Or has that not come up as yet? Uh in some families the second generation is just, you know, getting involved. So, there the families have requested, "Can you help my son or daughter also be part of the investment discussions? Take them separately." Because if it's a common discussion, it gets to what do you call it, like stand to two hours or so. But then they say, "Can my son come to your office and just understand how the macroeconomics work? Can you just take him through the last six months, how the markets have reacted, how the markets have uh been trending? You know, what are the key parameters which one should look at while investing?" So, I wouldn't say it's kind of an educative lesson, educational series, but people do give us these requests and we find it extremely what do you call helpful and encouraging because the families are involving the second generation saying that this is my family office and they are going to be here with us for multiple generations, right? So, obviously I am I have to play that active role in engaging with the second generation or the third generation. So, we consider it as a privilege to engage with the children and the next generation, help them navigate this investment space because for some it is quite complex especially if the kids have gone abroad for their undergraduate and studies and if they come back to India and if suddenly if the family says that you start looking at my portfolio it can be very difficult for them to understand right? So I would not say one to limit there is no limit but they take time. It can be 6 months it can be 1 year again depending on the what do you call the appetite to learn as well as the grasp the ability to grasp. So we have done that and it's okay it's been So for someone who's not directly involved in the business like in terms of how allowances are structured do you work on that as well? allowances allowances for people who are not directly involved in the business. I think this would make more sense for multi-generational Yeah. Yeah so see one important aspect is when we are dealing with this family office client is of course investment policy statement all of that is there but over maybe two or three years we also try to understand and create a family charter. Okay. I have to bring this concept because that's very important I wanted to ask you that next charter comes into the picture then maybe people also will think of setting up a trust. So when we do all this process the settler or the the author who is making this charter or the trust would would provide you know guidelines as in on what frequency the money has to be distributed or who should get what who all should be my beneficiaries at what stages they will receive the money or something like minimum age criteria or minimum education qualification whatever right the author can decide. So the family charter would also be there but we are also seeing that these days the families would want to actually give because children want to have that experience of handling money. Okay. They cannot wait till the money comes to them eventuality you know inheritance and all of that. So I see a lot of families are very open in allocating a small portion to the children directly once they turn like 20-25 whatever depending on the age they may want to give the ratio of the amount could change meaning the percentage of allocation could change but they are experimenting they are open to such experiments where they give some percentage to the children or it can be direct gift in fact that's the most efficient way of transferring money. So you gift some portion of your assets to your kids while you are there itself and the kid starts handling it. Like the son or the daughter can start managing the money. So they will also get direct involvement into their investment portfolio that will help them in learning and understanding the concept of investments what are the risk and how you know how the portfolio allocation has to be managed all of that so. So what is their risk profile like for a second third gen they must be a lot more Yeah it depends so for some family they say that okay this is the kitty which is meant to be preservation capital for multi-generational purpose. So they prefer making a risk profile at the family level. So at the family level considering there are four or five family members they say that this risk profile can be considered across all the family members and then we start working on that. But there are families where they say that okay we are now kind of 60-65 plus our risk profile could be different but if my son or daughter wants to have a separate risk profile we are open for that. So you manage that in a separate style because their risk profile is going to be different. We do a separate assessment understand their risk profile there goal etc. and then you manage that money. So that is also possible. It can be consolidated at the family level and reported but the risk profile can be different that is also possible. So you mentioned family trust right and this keeps coming up a lot. So is an HUF like a family trust? No HUF is actually not a separate legal entity by itself. A family trust is little more robust and it comes under the Indian Trust Act. You can actually you know dictate everything in your trust document and the trustee has to follow verbatim what is mentioned in the trust document. So it's more robust I would say in terms of governance structure this trust will be more suitable especially in the evolving scenarios and the changing dynamics of today we should actually focus on a trust. Of course those days there was this concept of HUF more or less the same but trust is more evolved today and it is it is proved and it is worked well in the other parts of the globe right? Yeah so but what are the benefits of having one? So for example if I had to if somebody had to move their let's say real estate some properties into a trust that becomes a sale transaction from the individual So any immovable asset we would say that it has to come through the will. So don't directly move it into the trust we will write a will in the will it will capture that this property on you know whatever happens eventuality post that it has to go into this trust. Okay. Otherwise if it comes directly I mean if you directly transfer obviously there will be a stamp duty involved. But what are the other advantages of having like a family trust? reason why a trust is set up by families is one it it is clearly a succession vehicle and you want to have a trust structure for the succession rather than directly going into the families hands because the children or the next generation may not be ready or equipped to handle a large estate. So it can go through the trust in a in a staggered manner or whatever manner that has been written in the trust document or ring-fencing the assets. If I'm an entrepreneur who has also got some have taken debt into my company or has got some leverage that I need to ring-fence my personal assets from the company assets. So I would prefer having a trust where I am putting my personal assets into the trust so that that will take care of my family while I focus on building my company by taking debt and you know taking all sort of leverages. So ring-fencing could be one reason. By ring-fencing you mean that if any liabilities come on the individual it would not affect the trust. Because your trust is separate and the assets which are held in the trust is considered as a separate entity having the thing. So that could be one reason. Then ease of operation because there are again we are seeing that entrepreneurs at the age of early 30s or even before that they make substantial amount of wealth where they do not want to get into the day-to-day operations job of handling money or get into the tax part and you know understanding how the tax calculations will work coordinating with your CA etc. So there again they prefer having a trust and a corporate trustee who can manage all of these aspects. So we act as a corporate trustee for many families which means that we will do we will take care of all of these like your compliance in terms of regulatory financial compliance if any legal compliance required all of that So that kind of eases their bandwidth. So that could be one reason or situations where you have a special family member who is not able to handle the wealth if it comes directly to them or somebody who needs special support then you want to ensure that whether I am there or not my person who's dependent on me today is completely taken care even when I'm not there at least the money part I can take care by setting up into a trust right? You don't know about the caretakers but I'm sure hopefully the parents will definitely take care of that aspect but money is again very important there right? Even if you want to trust that with a particular agency or a firm who does these kind of a care services but you need to give money. So for that you need to have a trust that can help. Yeah so there are various reasons one would look at setting up a trust. Again if you have children who are living outside India and you have assets which are diversified meaning which are which is across the globe you may need to look at structures not just in India maybe outside India also. In each jurisdiction if you have different different you know kind of assets you may want to have multiple trust structures and then kind of marry it together in a will. Okay. These are again evolving like we are seeing these these days. So we work with certain firms outside India Okay. because each of them have their own tax you know governance structures so we need to understand all of that. So in terms of the age profiling you mentioned some entrepreneurs in their early 30s as well. So what is your customer sort of age distribution? would be 35 and above but the younger generation who are now involving and you know having discussions with us are of course in the age group of 20 to 25 like that. But the clients or the first generation wealth sorry entrepreneurs mostly are 35 and above 45-60 like that. Do you manage NRI wealth as well? Yes yes there are few NRIs from the Middle East from US Okay. UK Okay. Again US has their restrictions so all investments are not possible for a US NRI there are limitations but we work with them as well. Okay. You also mentioned in your LinkedIn profile that simplicity is one of your mantras right? Like simple wealth management. Even for us at Property Angel it's a very core value so our values are based on trust like transparency relationships upgradation and simplicity and teamwork. So I understand the meaning of simp keeping things simple but from a wealth management perspective what do you what do you mean by that? Okay so what I mean by that is many times when we see clients portfolio maybe for example for review because that's the first thing which Okay. of the clients say that why don't you audit do a portfolio audit and review. Invariably we see that there are many exotic products like your PMS, there are multiple mutual funds, there are at least like 70-80 stocks and 70-80 portfolio managers, AIFs, and all sort of things, right? And there's a lot of duplication actually overlap between the strategies itself. So, which can be avoided. So. One of the things first thing which we do is when we do the portfolio audit is understand how the portfolio has been created. Is it aligned with your risk profile? And then what is the kind of risk and how is it, you know, in the portfolio what is created? Is it aligned with that risk profile? And then the quality of the portfolio, the cost structure in in the portfolio. Mhm. And then do we need so many products and so many line items in the portfolio? Can it be consolidated and make it simple so that somebody who's looking at this portfolio for the first time should not get overwhelmed, right? Yeah. Again, family offices at the highest at the in the pyramid, right? And when you want this to be as a you know, what do you call next generation if they have to inherit this? It should be simple, clean, transparent, otherwise they would not understand what my father or you know, parents have created. They get overwhelmed with that itself. Okay. And that is when they say that I don't want to take care of all this, you take care of it. And then they get into something else. So, this is something Yeah. Right? Yeah. So, we try to see that it can be made as simple as possible. Sometimes certain investment strategies we have just played it through a mutual fund or it could be just an exchange traded fund, an ETF which can play a particular theme. So, you don't need to have a complex product. Mhm. Right? And for us it is very efficient because we work on a client's fee. We don't have any brokerage or a commission from any product manufacturer. Mhm. So, for me all these are just wrappers whether it is a PMS or a mutual fund or an AIF as long as the investment theme and the strategy fits into the client's portfolio, it's fine for us. We don't have to look at what is the product wrapper. Yeah. Whichever is efficient and plays well and the portfolio manager is good. We have many forensic factors which we see. Okay. Once it clears all of this, then we just invest in that or go with that portfolio manager. So, we say that the wealthy are only getting wealthier, right? So, what are some of the lessons that you have taken that can be applied from any tips and tricks from these family offices that can be applied to retail investors as well? I I don't see all of these what I've learned from these family offices can be implemented to a retail, but one thing which I've definitely seen is in the family offices in my last 12 years of experience is that time is the essence for them for the client as well as for the investments and the decisions which they take. Time is of essence and they just don't want to waste or miss a deal or an opportunity for the reason of You know. Lack of decision making, time consuming, it goes back and forth. That they don't want. So, that is why they have a professional team and they they expect and they appreciate that you have a professional expertise, senior people who are managing you. So, they entrust us with this capability that okay, you are there, you are a senior person, you have handled this. So, you should be able to guide me in my decision making process. And then we tell them okay, this is what is it and this is good, this is not good. They will immediately tell us saying that okay, I'm okay with that, let's go ahead. Or they will say no, I don't want to go ahead, I will reject this. So, that's decision making and the what do you call the timely action is something which I've learned with interacting with so many clients the UHNI clients and the large families. But in retail I would say starting early definitely is important for retail investors and be a long-term investor. Don't just get affected by too many news which is there in the market. You need to be cognizant of the market news, but don't get swayed with too many information. And if possible at a right time choose a good advisor who can guide you. stay invested because power of compounding is the most important for a retail investor again. Right? Very true. So, stay invested for long term. That's that's what I would say. Yeah. So, with so much new wealth coming into India, I mean the the demand for family offices has only been growing. So, do you have any any numbers on the market size, how many family offices there are, how quickly they're growing, what might be the cumulative wealth that they might manage? Okay. So, I think around 5-6 years before there were hardly 45-50 family offices and since 2018 or 2017-18-19 we see a lot of family offices coming. The recent report says this close to 300 family offices are there in India alone. And maybe the cumulative wealth which these family offices are having holding maybe around 30 billion dollars, average assets of around 2 billion dollars. Okay. And if it and it's supposed it's expected to grow at 14-15% kind of a growth CAGR. Mhm. So, it's going to be at least one and a half two times of the wealth in the next say three years. Mhm. So, there's a huge potential. Yeah. How how are family offices in India different from those maybe in the US or or more developed countries? Um they've I wouldn't say very different, but there are many aspects which has to be considered because culturally these every country is different. India has different cultural aspects, regulatory aspects. Mhm. Um the family office as a concept is very evolved in the US. Mhm. Maybe to some extent in China, but in India it is still evolving. Yeah. And the investment decisions are made in India also aligned with your family values. Mhm. And considering the long-term harmony within the family members. Mhm. For example, philanthropy or investing into a particular sector, they would want to consider the you know, harmony of the entire family for a longer term. So, in India all these play a very important role. Mhm. Whereas in the US it's like there's a lot of autonom I would say autonomy within the family members. Okay. Right? They get some freedom. There's broad layout and then they get to choose. Mhm. Right? And also it's regulated, very well regulated the family office. Okay. I think mainly family offices in the US look at investments from diversification perspective and they also look at a lot of exotic products. What I mean by exotic is they look at hedge strategy. Okay. They look at lot of private investment opportunities, funds. Mhm. And cross-border transactions, etc. Whereas in the India is still trying to learn how international investments can be done. You know, GIFT City is just coming up. So, a lot of people are trying to understand how this whole GIFT City investments will work. And LRS and the regulations are still evolving. So, LRS limit is very less now. So, you can't make a meaningful international investment and unless you give a good allocation the investment managers internationally will not even pay attention to your portfolio. Okay. So, India these are still at the you know, early stage. So, Indian investments are primarily domestic. Mhm. Now looking at international diversification and also a lot of real estate in India. Yeah. Yeah. Whereas in the US I would say real estate maybe a less Yeah. investment. Yeah. And though they have alternate space, but real estate could be lesser. Yeah. But in India it is still very significant portion. I think family offices have gone through and the wealth management by itself has gone through many stages of metamorphosis. Okay. So, it's changing continuously. I think we are all learning in this journey because in the last one-two decades is when we have seen the significant wealth creation happening in India. So, I think all of us in this ecosystem are taking this journey together, right? While we are learning, we are also seeing clients wanting to know. So, it gives us a lot of learning opportunity as well because if a client says that I want to set up something internationally, I have to first get into calls with multiple service providers in the US. Then you see whether US is better or having a structure in Dubai, is that better or something in Australia is better? Then analyze. So, it's a humongous learning opportunity for us as well. Yeah. So, what are some challenges you face in terms of scaling a family office? Okay, that's an interesting question because it's very difficult to scale a family office for two reasons. One is um you need to get the right talent when you say family office you are looking at people who have done that, who have been there for at least 15-20 years, who have got the expertise. Um who can handle a large family's requirements, a UHNI family's requirement. So, we need to get the right talent and who will also stay for long term because one thing which one of our very first clients and investor told us that um clients not investor, clients told us that I don't want to see a different different person. I have to see the same family. That is why I'm signing up with a family office. So, that's very important aspect for us. So, the right talent and a long-term association with these. So, retention of talent hence becomes very important, very difficult also, but that's an important aspect. And second of course is the cost associated with all of this because whatever we are doing, the services, whatever we we offer, all has to be top notch. It has to be high-quality service. So, hence you need good quality people, which comes with a cost. So, if I'm looking at an investment advisor who's got 15 years, 20 years, then obviously the cost is very high because in that front we are competing with the private banks and the you know other firms in the market in the industry. So, it becomes very competitive when it comes to our package pay packages. So, cost is another challenge for getting the right talent and retaining them. Especially in these kind of market scenarios, it's extremely hot at this point of time in the BFSI sector. Okay. Hiring is very difficult for us. Getting the right talent. Even if you hire, whether they will whether they will continue with us for long term is a big question. So, these are two challenges which we see in scaling family offices. Okay. So, in that scenario, single family office again has this challenge in a slightly I would say a next level because in a single family typically you would have four to seven average. If it's a family with 2,000, 3,000 crores of assets, you would have minimum of three to four. Maybe three senior and one could be a junior just for doing the operational day-to-day work. But if it's slightly larger above 5,000 crore, they will definitely have a seven, 10 members because some would be focused on investment, some could be on the other banking transactions, etc. payments. And then some would be on the real estate or whatever the other things which the family wants this office to handle. So, there again the challenge what we see is especially in private investments for example, okay, every private investment is a unique opportunity. Now, you are within the seven, 10 people, you may not have the expertise to analyze a company which is coming from all these sectors. Or the person may not be capable to do the legal diligence also and the technical diligence and take care of the documentation. So, again that is a challenge, right? You have a good lawyer who only takes care of certain aspects of it. But when it comes to private investment, maybe he or she is not equipped. So, again you'll have to outsource. So, that's an additional cost to you. Okay. Whereas in a multi-family office because we're handling different clients, at any point of time we have multiple clients, there are different expertise which is built in. And you have lawyers who understand the various the variety which is available which is possible, right? And that is a cost average which we can do. Yeah. Yeah. So, that these are two challenges I would say. It's very important to consider. Attracting and retaining talent I guess is a is a challenge in any business. Yes, absolutely. A big talent. So, as we close, can you tell us a little bit about your journey, how you set up Intrust? Okay. So, we were a set of bankers, primarily private bankers. So, Rajmohan Krishnan who's the founder and MD, he was part of Kotak Mahindra Bank before it became a bank. It was Kotak Securities. So, he's the one who was a founding member of the Kotak Wealth team and he was heading that. I was part of ICICI Bank. One of our other co-founders Shashank Keday have been part of the Kotak PMS team for long term. And we all felt that as part of the bank or any financial institution which is available, we are only representing certain products and opportunities to the client and most of the time it is like a sell strategy. You have to take a certain opportunity to the client and see if it can be fitted or it can be given and sold. I would say either fitting or sold selling is one of the things which you would do. And uh most of the time you're not very happy doing it back of the you know when you come back to your desk, you feel that okay, is this the right thing which I've done? Should I probably do it at a later stage? Is this a product which I should have given or can it be a different strategy at this point? But when I have the pressure of you know this product has to be done, there is a timeline within which I have to generate a revenue and I have to sell so many number of products or number of you know applications, you're always under the pressure. Whereas as a family office, you are on the client side, buy side always, right? You are talking on behalf of the client. You act as a fiduciary custodian of the family and you're getting empowered by the family to take the right decisions. So, one of the thing is we firmly believe that family offices work well when they follow this three E strategy which is to engage, enable them and then empower them. So, we engage with them, you also enable them with requirement of access to statements, access to portfolio managers. You know, you need to be directly connected only then the family office can take information because you need to consolidate it and give a holistic view advice. So, then you empower them with all of this. Then that helps in the whole of decision-making process and managing this money very efficiently. Okay. That is something which is very important and we felt that after being with the banking system for like 15, 20 years, we said let us do something which is more client aligned and in that process we will have long-term association with the families, multi-generational relationship and that is when we thought of setting up a family office and this is in the year 2013 and that is when SEBI gave came up with this RIA license, registered investment advisors Okay. in India. So, we were one of the first ones to apply for the RIA license and we started as an investment advisory firm with RIA license and then also have another entity created for execution because once you give advice, clients also want us to execute it seamlessly. So, we become the power of attorney holders and execute these transactions for them. Then if you have to create a trust or give them legal services, you need that support. So, we built in-house legal team counsel and we act as corporate trustees to them. So, we have a legal services and trust services in-house. Okay. Then accounting and taxation, real estate related. So, there are multiple requirements and all of this are made in-house. The idea very clearly was to be on the client side, completely aligned to them, act as their custodian, fiduciary responsibility, take the responsibility and work on what is right for them by taking a fee engagement with the clients directly rather than taking any other pass back or brokerage or any other product manufacturers. paying us directly. I understood. So, that's how family office we built it. And till date over the last close to 12 years, we have been maintaining this and we have had excellent journey. Yeah. We enjoyed each and every we enjoy even today every engagement with our clients because every time we meet a client and the family, it's like a lot of conversations come up, right? And it's not just about wealth management. There are various aspects which you touch upon. Yeah. So, maybe in the initial few months it will be only about how to streamline the portfolio, how to bring in a structure to the portfolio management. But then it moves into should I set up a trust? Why should I set up a trust? Who are the beneficiaries of the trust? How do I decide that? So, those are interesting conversations again. Then they say, can you bring in my children also into it? Can you guide them? The next gen. So, I'm very passionate about that as well. So, involving the next gen into this family investments management, estate management. So, those are some things or any concierge related support. So, do you have women run family offices as well or is it very We have a few clients. I would say it is still lesser in number, but that is my endeavor. I think we should work hard on that. I think we all have a role to play in that, right? True. True. It's also I think many times when I talk to them, it's like it's a agreed division of labor sort of things, right? I manage this part and he manages the wealth part. I'm good in this, I'm good in that. I think that's where it is all, right? Money management is something which usually is handled by the others, but I'm personally very committed and involved with educating or I wouldn't say educating, supporting mentoring and mentoring. Yeah. What about dispute management and confidentiality in terms of you know, I mean you would be aware if there is some sort of a dispute happening and or would you not? No, no. So, firstly dispute management of course can come up. So far we haven't had any such instances with our clientele, but that is the reason you proactively take the decision of either having a family charter in place if you are a business family or set up a trust so that these disputes do not happen. Always prevention is better. Yeah. Yeah. But if anybody needs any support, of course we can guide them as part of our business advisory services and either do in-house support or connect them with the right kind of a law firm who can help in such dispute resolution, etc. Okay. Those are things which we haven't done so far, but we can. You can look into it. Okay. Because it's been mainly first generation entrepreneurs so far. So, I know. it was not required. Yeah. So, thank you so much, Sripriya. Thank you for coming over. Thank you for your time and wish you all the very best. Thank you so much. It was wonderful talking to you also. Hope you have been enjoying our podcast. At Property Angel, our mission is to make real estate affairs safe, simple and efficient and that is why we bring you these podcasts to empower the consumer so you have the right information. We are an asset management company. You can outsource your landlord responsibilities to us including tenant management aspects, maintenance, rent collection, financial management and all of that. If you have any such requirements, please do reach out to our team. Please do also like, share and subscribe. If there's anything specific you would like to listen to, please do leave it in the comment box below. Thank you for tuning in. Thank you for tuning in.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SaalimaTasneem [1 likes]: Insightful video! Family offices play such a critical role in wealth management. Thanks for breaking it down so clearly!
  2. @anandwealth: Trust part should have been covered with more clarity as other parts already people know it
  3. @abhijitrana64: Because govt policies crushing upper lower middle class.... rebate for rich..full system with judiciary is blind against rich
  4. @SUNDARAMURTHITHIYAGARAJAN: Very informative. Both of them spoke elaborately.
  5. @mrsraikar8385: Informative
  6. @VismayaG-o1v: 👍
  7. @NandhiniPriyadarshini: Informative episode!
  8. @naveentupakula1862: Very 🎉informative
  9. @vaishnavis7139: Amazing information 👍
  10. @sajeelsiraj: Very informative as always 👍.
  11. @sushilkumar16031: Awesome
  12. @SwetaKumari-ek7rj: Informative Episode 👍
  13. @chitramanjunath7069: Fabulous ✨
  14. @naveencup1435: Good information🎉❤
  15. @nairchithu: Insightful episode! 🌟
  16. @Jay-gv6xi: Very Informative

- Expert Family HNI Wealth Management Tips by Radhika Gupta: Kind: captions Language: en I have one question uh with respect to dealing with Al and how important it is to deal with the apart from the you know senior people and the family how important is it to deal with the Next Generation you know and that is first question second is how do you see the private family office buiness uh next couple of years where it is right now so I the first question is a very good question because I think it's very important to deal with the family as a whole and there are two parts to this one is the spouse of the family and you know the great thing about this room is that there are actually quite a few women here even in the highest of circles in h most women in the family are absolutely of the we situation in the family which I think you want purpose in life getting them into the and they have loans in their them it is nuts and I think with so many women on this team by the way you guys Happ I I would believe with I think next gen is super important it's important from your business point of view because often I've seen in these businesses when next gen takes over and if you engage next gen too late next gen has found their own version of a second and today a 15year old kid knows everything I mean 8y old what sh can understand get in every so these kids are not growing up like we did watching nja turtles or Tom and J they're growing up much more financially aware so I keep saying what's wrong with engaging a 16-year-old kid in a portfolio why can't you discipline I I think it's very important from a business point of view I also think it's very important from a client point of view because finally the greatest problem of most us I is their children the greatest problem of most people these days is in the children but the greatest problem of most us is usually revolves around succession dividing things between children whether children are taking over the family business how to educate children many problems the core of customers problems revolves around children so I think it is very important to engage I also think when you engage the family and agre your relationship as a we house becomes far stronger and more ins it's like we think with employees if we engage the family our relationship as an all becomes a lot stronger the second question was regarding the family office family office so I I think now it's become cool for hni I to say oh I've got a family this it's just one of those things that become cool uh I think more and more people will go to set up private family office structures but I think those private ofice structur will want to either do Services of FKS like or engage with folks like guys and I telling many of my friends were and I folks that finally how much you achieve unless you are very not n family office where you can afford that kind of head count and expertise you still might be better off working with the multi family office because what will one gu a to achieve you're just not going to have affordability to justify that so I think it has become very fashionable to say I pr this [Music]

- How I'm juggling 3 part time jobs in new york city... | work week in my life vlog: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] feeling intimidated when i walk into a new workout class make everything better the anticipation of something is always worse than the thing so if i can just said these face my finances happy monday trying to turn my life around it's 9 30. so far this morning i did my kundalini i woke up at like 7 30 my alarm at seven didn't go off so kind of threw me off a little and some family stuff threw me off and net then i did like kundalini and stretches from eight to nine i just like was desperate for some self-care and now i'm just listening to my podcast episode that's going up tomorrow reviewing it because i have to do an intro later so i'm running a little late on time so i can't do that now but i want to meet a friend for coffee before going to try out three form studio which is i believe the same creator of p ball so a similar workout different studio and i'm gonna review that for tick tock so follow me on tick tock for that then i'll run home and we have lots of work to do today my goal for today is just to breathe if i get overwhelmed or stressed or upset and also to edit shelby's video edit my vlog for to go up tomorrow i'm getting stressed when there's like personal family stuff going on and you're trying to stay focused on work it just adds an extra layer of anxiety because you're trying extra hard to like get things done to distract yourself and also just to keep focused with like the same mindset and mentality as if you were not going through so i have a lot to do today but we're gonna get coffee with a friend because getting coffee with a friend and trying out a new workout class those are two things that just immediately get my mind off of things make me feel better so yeah it's beautiful out let's go get all right one a nice long walk with my friend caught up and now i'm trying out three forms we're on the lower east side let's go in very rare that i have the experience anymore of like feeling intimidated when i walk into a new workout class but i definitely did it's definitely one of those places that it's like not as heavily advertised so you kind of need to know about it to go the few people that were there were people that go all the time and they all knew him well but he was really welcoming and nice to like definitely intimidated at first but then during the class he was very kind about his corrections like and then he'd be like great job i just feel like a lot of men in the space man playing to newbies and he did not he was helpful but like in a very genuine helpful way and he really took a minute to get to know me his name's steven he founded it he teaches there it's a very small studio i loved it it was basically the pivot workout just a different environment different vibe a little more like intimate personal trainery and i really liked that so i would definitely go back it's forty dollars a class and they don't get them for free so i probably won't but if i ever get the opportunity to i will highly recommend now we're running home to eat my podcast intro and then get the hell out of the apartment for the rest of the day to edit it cannot sit in the apartment okay you see my shadow day three of the for sibo so hungry okay i'm really excited i'm going to be like redoing the studio upstairs maybe later it will help me bring the furniture down but i'm also going to be working out of my sister's apartment once a week i decided she doesn't work from home and she needs help with the dog so i figured once a week i'll walk the dogs i'll work it's a win-win i help out with the dogs for her and i get the bright space and like to get out of this apartment and film there and whatnot so that's me i'm gonna start doing that workout was great i'm gonna quickly make myself some eggs i'm listening to the podcast episode that's going up tomorrow which is already up by the time you guys are seeing this of my podcast stereo self-care and i'm so inspired it's with sarah baus my friend who went from 250 followers on tick tock to it was like 200 000 in like two days or one week and now it's 300 000 in like a month i interviewed her she was supposed to come on my podcast anyway and then she blew up and it became a whole different episode i'm listening right now and like i'm so inspired i've been looking around for an expander if i've never talked about that before it's like a spiritual term by lacie phillips it's basically instead of comparing yourself to people it's finding people who started from zero or from a similar point as you and now they're at where you are so it's like expanding your mind to see that it's possible instead of comparing yourself or getting jealous so she's my expander and it's so nice to finally find one because she started from zero with social media and one video allowed her to create a career out of this so it's just been such an inspiring episode to re-listen to if you guys are trying to grow on social media or just interested in the lives of people who like go viral overnight go listen to that episode it'll be out by the time you guys are watching this it's so good i'm gonna make quick eggs hello everyone and welcome back to our community change of plans my therapist told me she could take me earlier so it doesn't make sense for me to go all the way to ethan's wework just to come back here an hour later in the interest of time i've just been working here i downloaded shelby's footage and i was just like fixing up my media kit and making a tick tock which i have to finish but i wanted to show you i'm making this flat bread from daily harvest i do have a discount code you can get up to 40 off your first order of daily harvest so check it out i'll put it in the description but it's a portobello and pesto flatbread and i just wasn't fully full from my eggs i guess i eat them like two hours ago at this point or three hours ago so i'm making this and it should be tasty so i put the oven at 450 and then i just have to pop it in there for 20 minutes in the meantime finish making my tick tock i'm trying out workout classes today you don't have to and today it is three form studio all right we're going to try this pizza my air conditioning is on sorry and then i'm going to sign off because i'm going to therapy i sprinkled some parmesan on it it's too hot but i'm starving so mmm oh my god that's my favorite flavor yet this is the best flatbread i've ever had from there portobello pesto if you're going to order them or sure get this one i don't like artichokes or mushroom don't get this one but i always add parmesan cheese on top of these because there's no cheese in them i guess because for vegans the crust is made with broccoli it's so good good morning sorry i'm starting on my phone i'm hopping on the subway right now which honestly terrifies me but it's the smartest route to take right now so it is what it is um but hopping on the subway gonna meet someone for coffee in finale because i'm gonna start dog sitting for my sister once a week in friday and working from her apartment all day so it'll be nice there's natural light i can film okay i'm in side eye and look how cute this little nook is it's a greek bakery and there's all these seats and a food truck right here flower pop-up this is adorable there's little nooks and crannies in all of new york city and that is my favorite part i'm always exploring just having a new york moment and also oh my god the funniest new york moment just happened i have to share all right let's go to my sister's building and see the puppies and i'll tell you the funny story there's a lot a lot happening here [Applause] okay we have new family members joining the channel this week we're actually for the next few months i'm gonna be puppy sitting like once a month are you camera shy new camera shout out come up here so my sister has two cavaliers and i'm going to be puppy-sitting them like once a week so that i can get her bright airy light apartment for filming and just getting out of my apartment and working from a nice different space because she's a very nice apartment in fidei and and she doesn't have to pay for people to walk her dogs and whatnot so that's the trade-off and i'm so excited to spend more time with my niece and nephew but the funniest thing just happened so i got coffee with my friend ian i just had like a little networking type of meeting coffee meeting and someone walked out we were sitting outside and someone walked out of the coffee shop with their new coffee their new hot coffee and tripped and it got all over his back and it was ridiculous such a new york moment so funny but also like oh so uncomfortable for him i felt so bad he used to go home like that now but anyway i have my first consultation call in like a half hour so i offer consultations where it can be done one of two ways one it can be you are so lost you want to make a change in your life or you want to start youtube or something and you just need like to really flush out your vision your why what content are you going to create like a full-on strategy inspirational meeting with me where we can like come up with video ideas and your strategy and what platform are you going to use and all that kind of stuff because i do that for my friends all the time or it can be you know you know you're starting a youtube channel you know you're starting a podcast and you want like a rundown on seo analytics how to actually distribute your podcast things like that it's really like customizable to what your needs are but i have my first one today in like a half hour so i'm gonna sit and prepare get situated at the desk over here it just feels really good to be here i'm very excited to be able to use this space it's just like three stops on the train for me a little annoying to take the subway but so easy to get here it's like stupid i want you to meet them before i go and prepare this is leo he is the firstborn say hi leo and this is olive she's our baby girl she was born second and they're both like eight years old at this point and they're just staring olive can get a little annoyed if you touch her too much she starts to growl but like she's also looking you and kissing at the same time it's very funny leo gets anxious when his mommy is gone but since i'm here he's doing okay do you guys have anything else to say anything else to share see she's the friendlier one no leo's really sweet and loyal just when his mom's not here he gets like quiet and anxious i mean this is ridiculous they're so cute okay let's get to work so she has a nice desk set up right here she's a jewelry company so there's beads everywhere but for me someone who creates content i need the window i feel like if i'm on a zoom call it's gonna look dark for some reason i'm gravitating towards this little area to do work right here where is the freaking lights in this apartment i feel like it's so dark i don't know how to get this light on and other than that there's like no light i mean there's so much natural light but i'm thinking i sit right here for my consultation calm oh but there's no outlet oh yes there is right there i don't know you would think i would just sit at the desk i should try it out i'm gonna go check out the lighting at the desk for some reason yeah i knew it as cool as it is with like the city background behind me and like to sit at the desk for a zoom call you can't see me because the camera there's like the window behind me which is lighting wise so for the zoom calm i'm gonna sit here at this little cocktail table and when i'm working and editing i'll sit over there it's so important to cultivate the right work environment for you that's gonna allow you to focus and do well so we're gonna set up here until after my 11. wow i cannot wait to one day move into an apartment like this very grateful that i have my sister's place to call mine whenever i want so you'll be seeing a lot more of this place because it's time now that i quit my corporate everything it's time to like use this bright space to really commit and film and all of that so hopping on this consultation call wish me luck i just had my first consultation call she's scheduling a follow-up in a few weeks because i literally created an entire tick-tock strategy for her her brand pillars how she's gonna get clients for her personal training in new york city all right i gotta walk the dogs now that's very good to you the consultation was so great i've just been making some tick tocks i like want to live here so badly one day i can take over her lease come here we're gonna walk the dogs and i have to like make a pdf to send her of the tick tock strategy we came up with how to sell her product strategy just like research tactics we went through so much like now she has direction next steps tick tock strategy all of it so i'm very excited for her because i feel like she now has like a clear direction and we're gonna do a follow-up in a few weeks and i just love love it i'm right here and i'm gonna walk them around friday for like 15 minutes and i have to edit shelby's video and i kind of wanted to film a video here i just haven't scripted anything out yet comment down below i'm going to be doing continuous vlogs but i also want to do like how to set boundaries like some nice self-care favorite books like old school youtube wellness favorites type of stuff i don't know obviously i'm still doing that i tried this i tried that but comment below if you want like if you need advice on the music that is honestly so nice this is called seaport puppies know it well already this is their mom's neighborhood look there's like a bar in the middle of the shopping area and then right over there is the water that's where you can catch a ferry to like statin island wherever don't embarrass me guys don't poop there honestly if i ever lived here i would definitely get a dog just like so much nice space to walk them and your apartment's nicer and brighter because the apartments are really nice here so independent bookstore okay and we're back now i'm posting up shop i'm gonna figure out if i want to film a youtube video right now and like script one out or if this is all just too soon am i making excuses i have to make that pdf for her i gotta edit a little bit i don't know what to do i have to make some time one of these days to like make a schedule for myself where it's like on mondays we edit on tuesdays but you know what i mean like these are the days we upload these are the days we edit chubby's videos these are the days we film like now that i'm fully on my own i gotta figure it out because i'm feeling a little like disheveled i didn't realize you were sitting right there with me and you realized a little update on how i've been feeling since quitting my corporate situation i'm feeling so lost right now granted i'm in a new space right now i don't usually work from here but yes i have more time on my hands but i still also feel like i'm drowning but i still and i'm anxious right now talking about it i feel very lost like yeah i'm editing shelby's video but i feel like i should be doing something else and then when i do something for myself i feel like i should be i just i need to get a better schedule going and i don't know when the best time to sit down and do that is maybe it's right now or tonight honestly but i just don't even know how i feel like i need guidance like i need to figure out am i just vlogging no i should also be doing concept videos so i need to start scripting those or scheduling them or just having a new strategy for that and then i also need to budget look at my expenses see where i can cut back maybe i don't need help with my podcast anymore and i can handle doing it all on my own maybe i'm not sure but this is the reality of like working for yourself on a whim and i feel like it's so glamorized like quit your job go after your dreams like i'm doing that and i'm trying and i just feel a little stuck this is my first week back from nashville after quitting so it makes sense and i'm giving myself so much grace and everything but i also need to be making more money and pitching brands but also make more thoughtful content might be a good idea to just sit down look at my budget create the best schedule for me and uploading schedule all of that because although it's not necessarily work on my to-do list it is really important for moving forward so i think i might sit down and do that at some point today i have to be here to take care of them until later tonight so i do have a lot of time on my hands which is i think what's making me anxious it's like i don't know what to do first i plan to film like a sit-down video but i was trying to brainstorm and it it just feels forced so i think i need to like have a brainstorm planning session with myself and then next wednesday when i'm back here i can film sit down content for you i have some stuff that like i tried salt therapy i tried a workout class and i just need to sit down and review it but it all just feels like a lot and very rushed and forced so i think i just need to get my stuff together for now we snuggle olive puppies make everything better this makes me want a puppy i only feel bad she moved here maybe i should edit the video on the camera what do you think oliver we need some good energy some good vibes here sorry mel i'm lighting all your candles i decided to take this feeling of feeling lost look at my budget so that i can at least make more responsible financial decisions i think my therapist always says like the anticipation of something is always worse than the thing so if i can just at least face my finances and have a better understanding of what's coming in then i can make better financial decisions and also know like how much is needed to step it up a notch if that makes sense i'm going through my income with the mint app and i got inspired so i'm filming a video today separate from this vlog where i'm sitting right here and i'm doing my budget and my youtube brainstorm just showing you what i do when i feel lost i need to like replan get my together budget re-strategize youtube my schedule and like how to time batch all of it so stay tuned for that video i'm filming it right now and i will chat to you later all right we're done filming i did so much scheduling you could see in that video that i just filmed but basically other than scheduling out my youtube content and everything i made this time matching schedule that when i feel lost like i did today i can refer to this so and just to feel like i have some sort of rhythm going on so monday morning i put try a new workout class for content film tick tocks for the week and podcast intro and then an afternoon i edit one of shelby's vlogs tuesday mornings they work at rumble and then in the afternoon i edit my own vlog for the next day's upload wednesday morning i film any sit-down videos that i have to film if i don't have to film any of that week i can use that time for editing afternoon edit shelby's video thursday morning this is when people can schedule podcast recordings with me consultations things like that which like a meetings morning recordings and then any spare time i have during that time is where i'm going to make sure to pitch brand deals afternoon edit my own video for friday upload friday morning i'm at rumble in the morning afternoon edit podcast so that i'll have to do on tuesday monday for it for tuesday upload is record the intro i feel so much better feel like i'm aware of my finances because i budgeted i have a new schedule so and i just filmed a video so it was productive but it didn't feel like oh my god i'm wasting my day planning because i filmed a video so that's that now it is 3 45 i'm going to spend the rest of my afternoon editing shelby's video which is on the wednesday afternoon agenda anyway so i'm right on track let's go to the couch with olive and just sit and edit i'm just confused there's no lights in here it's such a bright apartment so it doesn't matter but like i don't know hi let me stay with you good morning it is thursday and i'm headed to rumble because every thursday morning at noho at 8 a.m this month jessie is leading a class where all the proceeds she gets paid for that class which depends on how many people show up goes to an lgbtq plus supported community so we're headed over there to support and work out and i have a feeling i'm gonna get poured on on my way home but i have an umbrella so as long as my camera doesn't break i'm okay with it it is a gloomy ass cheers and i'm listening to tk's make moves popcast because i just feel like it always gets into like the realities of the nitty-gritty of influencer life in la and it's very fascinating and i always get some sort of tip in there because tk asks the questions we all want to know because she's still new to this as well even though she blew up okay i came home and showered and now i have like six minutes until i record a podcast episode with tess barclay my friend who's also here on youtube actually i think she left youtube recently well to get the update on today's episode but she's big on tick tock and i'm excited to catch up with her at literally five minutes so i think i'm gonna make which mug is mine anymore i'm gonna make a matcha with maca powder to sip on during the episode conversation i just got a call with resist nutrition and they are a granola bar or just like not a granola bar a protein bar that is formulated to help your hormone health and blood sugar balance and that is like unheard of like i didn't realize there would be a bar for that it is so needed so they have maca powder in the buffer so i want to place my maca powder on it and i have such a problem with blood sugar so i'm excited about that there's no seed oils no stevia nothing like that so they're gonna send me a box and i'm gonna taste it for you and if i enjoy the flavor because i don't work with anyone unless i'm like oh people need to know about this i mean i'm hoping i enjoy it because then we're gonna do some podcast advertisements get you guys a code all that fun stuff so that was a good call oh i literally have five minutes so we're gonna use my little peak little packets to make a matcha add some maca in there and then i have to set up everything i make i might text her and say i'm running five minutes behind so that i don't rush because i'm still bright red from rumble even though i showered and i'd love to put some sea soup cream on since she's a tick tocker i'm probably gonna promote this conversation let me text her so bright green i'm gonna show you oh my god freaking powders are insane that was an awful view i apologize but we're running a little behind so oh ton of mock powder my hormones are going to be healthy let me tell you i hate rushing cinnamon too and then we're good to go let's record all right i am just sending some clips for the weekend in my life to amanda to help me do a rough cut of them because i'm running out of time pure usual and i want to stay consistent for you guys i'm sending this to her i think this vlog's getting pretty long so i'm going to end it here i just had a great podcast episode tess go check out all her content she's doing such a great job on tiktok killing it she's here on youtube as well and she's just such a good speaker and has all these resources for if you're someone who has a side hustle or is trying to navigate nine to five life she has her busy booming business and it's just amazing so stay tuned for that episode and i will see you all next week subscribe if you're new join our geneva group so you can tell me what videos you're liking we can talk workout classes self-care give advice we have like over 55 girls in there so it's been like my favorite little way to actually you know talk to each other in our community so join us on there this will all be in the description below i'll see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @SundayswithJamie [2 likes]: I loved this vlog Jen! Thanks for opening up about how you’ve been feeling, you’re such an inspo - you have sooo much on but continue to show up with that beautiful energy your community loves :’)
  2. @JenLauren [1 likes]: thank you for watching!!!! what do you guys do for work?!
  3. @AnnaBea [1 likes]: the balance between vlogs and sit-down videos is a TOUGH one
  4. @ItsAmandaWan [1 likes]: QUEEEN OF JUGGLING JOBS
  5. @ItsStyleTheory [1 likes]: Just found your channel today! I enjoyed this vlog! ☺️
  6. @smilegirl181 [1 likes]: I love seeing the day in the life of someone else who also works multiple jobs!!
  7. @JessMcKay [1 likes]: Here from your TikTok! Loved the vlog! Ps. Love your sister’s dogs. 🐶🐶
  8. @rachelxreyes [1 likes]: ok but you are a queen!
  9. @mansoor3159 [1 likes]: Hey!! Jen your vlogs are truly truly truly inspiration for me and I really really really love your vlogs so so so so much and I wish you reach 7K Subscribers very very soon!🥺🤗💓
  10. @НеМоргенштерн-и4ъ: https://youtu.be/jvYoFuqAcPA !
  11. @mansoor3159: Hey!! Jen your vlogs are too too too amazing and I really really really love your vlogs so so so so so much you inspired me so so so so much and I will support you till end🥺✨💕🌸

- 5,000 Touches Challenge | Juggling: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] let's see if we can get 500 touches right here okay some of us might be able to do that all at one time but most of us won't be able to okay so let's see what our benchmark is and see if we can when we come back let's try to calm it down right here we're looking for ball control we're looking for stability don't be wearing all over the shot okay see if we can get 25 clean touches if you need 25 let's get 50 clean touches okay stay in control this exercise alright let's see it

- ANYONE can JUGGLE to 100 using this Technique!: Kind: captions Language: en Learn the perfect juggling technique. Quickly get to 100 juggles. Say it. I hear you ask, "Weren't you born with these spectacular skills?" No. When I was born, I couldn't even sit. I only learned that when I was 6 months old, and I learned to juggle when I was 15. It took me a whole 15 years to learn. Actually, I only started practicing when I was 15. Once I started practicing, it didn't take me all that long to get to 100 juggles. Let me show you how you can do it, too. I'll also show you how you can walk and juggle at the same time. There are many styles of juggling. Some people juggle with their laces. Some like to juggle with a back spin. Some like to use just one foot. And I have a friend who juggles like this. So, which one of these is the correct style? They're all correct. There's no wrong way to juggle. But I personally like to juggle like this. A simple alternating foot juggle with no spin. It just looks nicer and I like nice things. Now, if you're starting out for the first time, you're probably doing something like this. It feels silly and you look silly. But don't worry, you're still a spectacular footballer. Let's just fix your form. Keep your feet closer together around the same width as the ball. Bend the knees a little bit. Arms apart, neck down, chest slightly down. Pretend to be a vertical turtle. This pose has a lot more balance than this pose. Let's first master the single juggle. Hold the ball. Drop it from around the height of your thigh. Then we'll tap it up once and catch it. We will drop the ball directly at our center like that. Now, because the ball's at the center, we have to bring our foot towards the center as well when we juggle. And we're going to apply an upward force right at the center of the ball. This way, the ball doesn't spin. If it's slightly off center, it's okay. It'll still be under control. But if we hit it way off center, ball's going to fly away. We're going to swing our lower leg. So, instead of keeping our entire leg stiff, we're going to swing our lower leg forward. I like to touch it at the middle of my toes. I like to squeeze my toes. I keep my toes straight, but my foot is bent at the ankle. The force upwards has to be gentle, but not too gentle where it doesn't even lift. With practice, you'll get an understanding of how much force you actually need to apply. Now, if you manage to drop it, tap it so that it goes straight up and you catch it. Congratulations. You've just done a perfect single juggle. Now, keep repeating this exercise until you're comfortable with your one foot. And once you're comfortable with one foot, practice the same thing with your other foot. Once you're comfortable with both, now we're going to do two juggles. When doing the second juggle, some of you might come across this problem. After the first juggle, you just can't seem to get your other leg up to do the second juggle. This is because you're thinking of the technique and your brain is doing all these calculations. By the time you decide to do the second juggle, it's too late. The ball has already dropped. But don't worry, you're still a charming footballer. You have to train yourself to be able to lift your feet both times. Just force yourself to do that second juggle. It's fine if the technique is not perfect. So, keep practicing till you get those two juggles. You can keep a stick or a line like this in between yourself for reference so that you know to move your foot to the center. And once you get the two juggles, congratulations, you've passed the second stage. By the way guys, I know that you've been requesting the 1v one video. I am still working on it. I want that video to be as concise as possible. So, I'm putting a lot of effort behind it. If you are impatient, you can check out my full dribbling course at www.bballerskills.com where we show you many types of dribbling and we cover 1v1 there as well. Notice that when I juggle, the ball is very low down and my touches are very soft. But when you first start, your touch won't be that soft. You find that the ball is going higher and that's totally okay. With regular consistent practice, your touch will start getting a lot more refined. The secret to getting to 10, 50, 100 juggles is in the effort of trying to break your record every single day. That's how I did it. The technique that I just showed you should be a soft suggestion at the back of your mind. Your focus should be on trying to break your record every single day. Now, if you're serious about getting to 100 juggles, please, can you do this? Comment your current juggling record right now. And every time you break your record, please reply to your own comment to update your record. Let's see how many juggles you can get to in one month. Now, in your pursuit to break your record every single day, you will find that even though you know the technique perfectly, the ball is still going all over the place and you're running around like a squirrel. But don't worry, you beautiful footballer. This happens because currently your muscles are just not strong enough. But with consistent daily practice and when you rest and recover, the next day your touch is a lot smoother than the day before. If you want to learn juggling very quickly, let's say 1 month's time, I suggest that you train between 30 minutes and 1 hour every single day. And in that period, you have to try and break your record. So if your record is two today, tomorrow you have to try and get three in that one hour. If you don't, it's okay. Try again the following day. And if you keep repeating this process, you'll keep breaking your record and your muscles will start getting stronger. If the ball keeps spinning backwards and you don't want it to spin backwards, this happens because you are applying the force at an angle. If I hit the ball straight up and at the center of the ball, there won't be any spin. But if I am slightly angled, then I will slice the ball and the ball goes backwards. Let me show you how you walk and juggle at the same time. It's actually almost the same technique. Instead of moving our foot upwards, we'll just move our foot slightly forward like that. And as I keep walking, I like to keep my balance on my heel. When I walk and juggle, I don't walk like a normal person. I walk on my heels. It helps me with the balance. As always, my friend, I really appreciate you supporting me in my journey towards becoming a full-time football content creator. So, if you enjoyed this video or found it helpful, please let me know. Let's go out there and break our juggling records. The bite.

  Top Comments:
  1. @2oddlers [9 likes]: Join the weekly Members-Only live streams to learn more in-depth, blue lock and  football skills ⚽🔥
👉 https://bit.ly/4bbQxQZ
  2. @phippler [6 likes]: Day 1 I can do 14
  3. @Aradudu [3 likes]: My record is 4 rn 🤐🥀
  4. @Chouih_en [2 likes]: When I was 12, I was so good at football that once I did 834 juggles, no cap (and yes, with a football not baloon)
  5. @gdcreationsllc: 6 juggles
  6. @KaatGD: I got 21 juggles
  7. @Xayrullo-n4j: Thx very much bro, I were watching more than 100 yt tutorials, and only your video was helpful
  8. @Xayrullo-n4j: My records
Day 1:  I hardly did 2 at this techniquee, 
Day 2: I did 3
Day 3: I did 6
Week 2 Monday: I did 7 in record
Week 2 Saturday: I did 10
So, after 1 month: I did 37,
  9. @minikabarman9625: 56
  10. @jasaac-r6k: your videos helped me so much in football u deserve a subscriber
  11. @JessicaCameron-l6u: NO CUZ HOW DO I STOP IT FROM SPINNING IT WONT STOP
  12. @StarLord_YTT: Mine is 40
  13. @darkbarbiangaming361: here's my routine
day 1 : 4
day 2 : 16
day3 : 20
day 4 : what's 9 +10 umm 21 you stupid
day 5 : 27
day 6 :56
  14. @SulemanPlays1762: im 13 and my record is 8
  15. @IvanoArambasic-zs9zd: 2 or 3
  16. @Ravex-w3j: OK update i can do 6 juggles with my right foot. yesterday i could only get 4, tho my average is STILL 3. My goal at least for now is just to get to 10 by Tuesday.
  17. @RashidUsmani-xd9iv: I do 7 juggle
  18. @fnaf_editz3: 9
  19. @Ravixx-x: i'm using just basic running shoes. 5/2/2026 4 Juggles. (todays form was uhh i don't want to say but i was... absolutely  BUNS)   I WILL GET TO 100 JUGGLES JUST WATCH IM TELLING UUUU
  20. @FlowFinisherReal: 21

- Million Dollar Listing NY: Is This The Biggest NYC Apartment Upgrade? (Season 7, Episode 2) | Bravo: Kind: captions Language: en hi Kim why you Sully I had an opportunity to move to San Francisco I took a new job oh you don't live here no oh we're here once a month you know the last time that we were here I think we saw it for the first time after the remodel and Kim cried you really did you really cry we lived through almost two full years of construction and moving was really sudden I mean I wish we didn't have to sell it I understand she's emotional about as she should be imagine designing that place to live in it for all those years and then when it's finally done and all its glory and gorgeousness to sell it to let go of it this is so gorgeous thank you so show me around guys it's so cozy thank you guys what you've done is insane we wanted to put our touch on it this is gorgeous we added the fireplace how much will stops couple hundred thousand two hundred thousand dollar fireplace yeah let her warm I plot this is all custom design oh my god I mean listen it was beautiful but what you've done is insane we built this nice library ladder oh I see yeah where is like amusement park there comes the crazy bro [Music] all of this wood is reclaimed from the Biltmore hotels historic ballroom we've redone the stairs the staircase what's in here all of the home automation for the blinds fireplace the theater system ok you get some perfectionist that's why you picked the perfect poker

  Top Comments:
  1. @honeybadgermedia963 [37 likes]: $200,000 fireplace and $400,000 kitchen

Ya right, buddy
  2. @phoenixonfire83 [16 likes]: is it just me, or did it look perfectly alright before, God rich ppl just need an excuse to blow their cash. This place didn't need an upgrade, the old staircase especially was very stylish and unique,
  3. @Be1smaht [9 likes]: Hes such a charmer. Can relate to anyone
  4. @flormariarennerstam4886 [6 likes]: The apartment was better BEFORE....
  5. @mandylee2898 [6 likes]: This is THE MOST GORGEOUS home. CLASSY and ELEGANT with warmth and personality
  6. @mariamariner23 [4 likes]: Omg even before looked good
  7. @rita9038 [3 likes]: OMG FEDRICK THIS IS WHY I 
LOVE HIM SO MUCH.You’re So 
Sensational. BETTER YET 
FANTABULOUS. 🥰🥰
  8. @niilespunkari8832 [3 likes]: The staircase was good, but became to simplistic.
  9. @yomilalgro [3 likes]: I adore Frederick...he's the best
  10. @yayadrew [3 likes]: Beautiful.
  11. @aminghanbari3687 [2 likes]: 1:26 😂😂😂 wtf
  12. @jonathanvandamme [2 likes]: Beautiful apartment.
  13. @cangunaydin7540 [2 likes]: Beautiful apartment! The upgrades seems overpriced though. It's all about location. I live in Denver and building a nice house can run you around a million dollars and the same house in Aspen can cost millions.
  14. @nsgisallheart [2 likes]: It is a beautiful place! I'm a NYer but left yrs ago! Not my cup of tea! Don't miss the fast pace but do miss my Yankees!🙌
  15. @NN-id8bk [1 likes]: Fredrik is so like able. He is authentically himself
  16. @milvache [1 likes]: Fredrik Eklund is the perfect real estate agent to sell this place
  17. @LucyWonglondonbody2body [1 likes]: Wow...what job does he do?
  18. @thunde7226 [1 likes]: saw this episode last week, Frederick is so funny............:) ...............but they lowered the price.......they had to...:) .....bye
  19. @BrainNomad: I liked it better before
  20. @cbm95: Great witch laugh at 1:27

- I Survived 25,000 Juggles in a ROW: Kind: captions Language: en imagine juggling a ball for five hours straight lose focus for only a second and you mess up it is so difficult that a professional soccer player said that after two hours you see the floor like a roller coaster there's one ball but you see there's three balls the world record is a mind-blowing 25 000 in a row and i'm gonna beat that that is if i don't get too dizzy a few weeks ago i crushed my old record and juggled for an hour but it was exhausting like i literally feel like i'm spinning to beat the world record i have to do that five times in a row first try here we go all was good for the first 18 minutes until i realized my shoe came untied nine minutes later i stepped on my shoelace with my left foot so when i tried to kick my right foot the shoelace got caught and messed me up i cannot believe that next time i'm tying my shoes better second try here we go i tripled out of my shoes shouldn't be a problem as you will see in a little bit this is a perfect example of why you should never speak too soon oh boy don't mess up don't mess up i'm not messed up oh boy i went for another 28 minutes when i realized my shoe is coming untied again now i faced two options i can either keep going and risk stepping on my shoelace like last time or i could start over but trust me juggling for 30 minutes is incredibly challenging so much so that simply blinking can mess me up i will go minutes without blinking which causes my eyes to water and burn so i decided to keep going i seriously had no idea how flexible i was until i watched this back like check that out and yeah this is the face you make when you think you're about to mess up after 30 straight minutes [Music] i started juggling for fun when i was nine years old before i knew anything about youtube i didn't do it for views or likes but because i had a lot of fun but when i first learned about youtube i totally thought my skills were going to make me viral this is 13 year old me and this is the first youtube video we ever posted somehow even this amazing title didn't help my video go viral it's a good thing you can't see the number of dislikes anymore so this world record is actually over 10 years in the making around the one hour mark i started to feel a lot of pain in my shoulders and knees and to make matters worse this happened i've got both shoes untied despite this i continued to push forward and to now pass my all-time record i could really use some water right now but i don't want to go over that ladder and get it i kept going for another 45 minutes and you don't understand how exhausting that is at this point i was super thirsty so i started waving my arms hoping my brother would see me from inside our house and hand me the water bottle this probably looks so foolish but it turned out nobody was even home so i was just waving my arms at nothing if i keep doing that much longer i'm gonna mess up matthew finally came home 30 minutes later dude i don't trust myself to do this wait oh gosh two and a half hours all down the drain i started day two by taking off my shoelaces and then juggled for 40 minutes straight here i look super calm but i'm actually paranoid that i forgot to press play on the camera when we make trick shots a ton of people comment saying what if they forgot to press record and i could not stop thinking about these comments so i looked up to check if the camera was filling for only a fraction of a second and that was enough to mess me up this goes to show how difficult this record is because i never take my eyes off the ball at any point during the five hours unless i'm blinking next turn i messed up after only a minute and i started questioning whether or not this was even possible 25 000 can i do it at this point my right foot hurt every single time i kicked the ball and my shoulders were sore so i had to stretch them periodically please like and subscribe because this is incredibly exhausting i just want to let you guys know i considered myself a good soccer juggler and the most i could go was five minutes i went for over two hours when it started to get dark matthew helped set up lights but that created a bunch of new problems first if i faced forward the light would shine into my eyes secondly the light shone on only the front half of the ball so it looked like i was juggling half of a soccer ball finally if i faced sideways i could see my shadow which was super distracting because i needed to stay so focused i had been going for over two hours but it felt like way longer to me my legs back feet and shoulders were hurting constantly but the key is to just stay positive and believe that you can do it been going for over three hours i have to keep checking on him to make sure he's okay how are you doing i'm doing well you might be wondering why in the world would you just kick the ball so high like that and i can assure you it was not on purpose my left foot stepped on my right foot so i had to kick way harder with my right foot to get it unstuck i had to make that decision in a split second or else the ball would have hit the ground this is seriously one of the craziest saves i've ever had but ultimately after three hours and 20 minutes of straight juggling this happened how are you feeling i feel like totally exhausted guys if he gets this you guys have to subscribe look at what what he's doing for you guys i actually can't even like talk i don't even know what to say i guess i'm so disappointed the next day started off pretty rough my feet hurt every time i kicked the ball to the point where i was about to quit and never post the video also the wind decided to pick up for me i went for two hours when these birds landed in the tree next to me and wouldn't stop making noise those birds are trying to mess me up or something while tommy's going i'm going to try and see how many juggles i can get in a row it's been 3 hours 33 minutes this is where the pressure started to get super intense even though my legs felt like they couldn't bend anymore the most difficult part was knowing that i still had more than an hour ahead of me 3 49 do you think you can do it i can't even know i think this is going to be my last try if i don't get it i don't know if i'm gonna go for it again imagine messing up right now he still has like a full class period of school left only 43 minutes left only right here i'm getting incredibly nervous which disrupts my rhythm and i start making some mistakes just got to keep going i will not let this fall so he has like 19 more minutes no matter how much i tried i could not stop thinking about messing up oh my i cannot believe that just happened tommy almost just lost i'm under so much pressure right now that was unbelievable we're still going this is horrifying guys this is just so much pressure do you want me to leave yeah i can't talk anymore seconds felt like hours and one of the things that kept me going was telling myself that people would subscribe if i got it tommy's outside right now he told me to come inside because he has to stay focused he's got about 10 minutes left all right i think you have about five minutes four minutes everybody you got this three minutes until it's been five hours please like and subscribe with less than three minutes left over ten years of practice in a world record on the line this happened all right you got this got two minutes three two one five hours let's go i messed up 20 minutes later because my brain was so tired that i forgot to kick my foot i just messed up let's go we did some more research to make sure this record was official and sadly found out that someone had already broken it in 2018. the reason we didn't find out sooner is because they titled the record the longest time controlling a ball with your feet we thought they were called keepy-uppies kick-ups or juggles so we never even found this record until after subscribe if you want me to break this record too

  Top Comments:
  1. @Johnny-rs2qq [1 likes]: Today the ecord is 50 hours : from ricardinho 😂
  2. @tiffanyclark8455 [1 likes]: How did you do that Tommy!!!!
  3. @YHS0630 [1 likes]: Doing soccer juggling for five hours is amazing! Your endurance is truly remarkable. Next time, you can do it for ten hours, right? I hope you can!
  4. @양현승-asdf [1 likes]: Where can I watch your full video?
  5. @bethanyolson9606: He’s so good
  6. @Samiullah-ln9xs: Wow 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  7. @thecoolcheetah8079: My record is like 6 💀
  8. @varkatampranav: U
  9. @Hinata-a7: Man re waching it after 4 years 
Nostalgia Hits hard 🤧
  10. @TarekMahadi-f2t: Well done brother please go for 10 hr I know it will be very harsh and difficult for you but I really hope to see you break the record because you deserve it
  11. @travisswoodz5616: Bro i seen it tuch the grond😮🎉
  12. @SamsFootballFreestyle: i have done 26,644 Juggles in 1hr 29mins  ,
  13. @JamesPonch: Incroyable détermination ! Trop fort !
  14. @johnkingery6767: wow
  15. @MichelleJaneLopez: So impressive!
  16. @joshuaspeeden6727: Tommy ur awesome this was amazing
  17. @yungrey17: Can u help me juggle to 50-100
  18. @leengionwong8764: Matt can you do like Tommy
  19. @sarahloper4094: I was 3 when he made this
  20. @rossconi: absolutely no chance you did that

- Why Manhattan Condos Are Selling At A Loss: Kind: captions Language: en Over the past year, 1 in 3 condo owners in Manhattan who sold sold at a loss. Now, with the election of Mamdani, there are reports that the wealthy could flee even more, going to the suburbs or places like Florida or Texas. But the real reason why Manhattan real estate has been flat over the past decade, and what the wealthy are really doing is a bit more nuanced. I think prices got too high and they've had to come down. So of course people lost money. And you're reading about $100 million transactions, but those are largely detached from everyday New Yorkers. Condominiums have often been looked at as a way for overseas investors to park money. The individual ROI you get on an investment unit is is trivial. To be perfectly honest. If we pan out and look at the Manhattan market over ten, 20 years, what's happened with prices over that time? Did did people make money, especially when you compare it to some of the hotter markets. Yeah, I think Manhattan has pretty much been flat. I don't think that people have cashed in, sold their apartments and made money. That just hasn't happened. Investors track prices per square foot to compare properties. In 2015, one square foot of space cost over $1,500 in Manhattan. By 2025, prices had fallen to around 1100 per square foot, according to Redfin data. That's still quite high compared to the rest of the country. This is like a townhouse in the sky, and it's got a beautiful outdoor space. And the maintenance here, the monthly costs are $10,000 a month. Asking price is 9.325 million. Long term. Yeah, I mean, you'll probably make a little bit of money, possibly depending on what you buy, but I don't think people buy to do that. I mean, they want to buy something that maintains its value, and hopefully when they sell it, they can make a little bit of money. But I don't think it's for that. It's not for flipping purposes. Today, 72% of condos sold in Manhattan are selling under list price. There's only so much of a demand pool that exists out there for these properties. You take places like 57th Street, 57th Street became Billionaires Row. Now, if you go look at these tall skyscrapers, where's your demographic? They're billionaires all over the world. You've had a significant decline over the years in foreign capital coming in. It's still coming in, but not in droves that it was, you know, back in the day. You know, most people care about mortgage rates. They have to get a mortgage to buy their home. We're fortunate in that a lot of people are able to buy their homes with cash. And that's why the market didn't decline as much as the rest of the country. Since the Fed pivot in 2022, pushing rates higher, what we are seeing is a tremendous amount of affluent buyers coming into New York City, and the affluent aren't relying on interest rates. They're relying on cash. Most Manhattan condos are purchased all cash. It shows you that we are in such a discretionary market. This is not America. You know the rest. They say if you leave New York City, you have to live in America. And I think that's true because this is a different environment. Buyers who need a mortgage to purchase in Manhattan are looking at rates over 6%. This leaves many of them waiting on the sidelines. I would equate the last three years of low activity solely due to interest rates. Most consumers who rely upon obtaining financing require a home were priced out of the market because the price appreciation, along with a record level debt service, just made it cost prohibitive for them. And that's actually why rents went up so much because people couldn't afford to buy. The losses in Manhattan condos may be one reason that even the wealthy are choosing to rent. First time home buyers. Today, the average age is 40 years old. That's you know, it's heinous that that's what we've come to the buying side. I'm seeing more of that. People in their early 30s, and they're getting a little bit of help from their parents as well. Condo buyers pay transaction costs, maintenance fees and property taxes, all of which eat into returns. So New York City, our closing costs are tremendously high. And part of that is to disincentivize flipping of properties. You have brokerage commission between 5 to 6%, and you pay New York City transfer tax of 1.425%. You pay New York State transfer tax, and a lot of buildings have exit fees as well. You know, you're talking north of 10%, and that's before you get to paying any gains taxes. So you have to make a decent return in order to even just cover the exit fees. You know, from a return on investment. I think there's probably more upside over the next ten years than the last ten years. With elevated interest rates, we're going to see a lower level of production of condominiums, especially luxury condominiums, which is going to make them more expensive. New York is more dependent than ever on the very wealthy. The top 1% of earners pay more than 40% of all income taxes. The average sale price for Manhattan real estate is nearly $2 million. Most condos sold sell for over $1.5 million. Tell us about who those luxury buyers are. A lot of them are in New York. You know, there are New Yorkers who are going, you know, going from uptown to downtown, empty nesters, some of that younger families moving from places, you know, from California to New York, a little bit of that, not so much international. The luxury market has done so well this year, and I think people made a lot of money. Wall Street calls it the K-shaped economy. Lower income Americans are cutting back while the wealthy are doing most of the spending. I'm shocked by the level of luxury buying and commitment to the city. We were hearing about this seismic shift post Mamdani, and that didn't happen. In fact, we're seeing the opposite. New York City Mayor elect Mamdani promises to tax the rich and freeze the rent. You're looking at 3 to 4 years of zero rent increases for rent stabilized tenants. That's about a million rental units. There's about 1,200,000 rental units that are open market. And so what that's going to cause landlords to do is push expenses on the buildings they control as an entity push rents higher for open market tenants. 19% of New Yorkers plan to leave the city over the next five years. The top factors housing affordability, crime and safety, living, space, taxes, amenities and job opportunities. That said, 55% of New Yorkers poll before the election plan to stay. So I think people buy things depending on their situation. Am I moving here? Am I having a baby? Is somebody pass away and then they decide what they're going to do. And that's really real estate in a nutshell. People don't go home. It's a good time. Let me invest my money. Typically they don't do that. Even in Manhattan. They buy because they have a need. So can you afford it? Does it make sense? Is it the home of your dreams? Does it meet your needs? Is it close to your kids schools? Can you get to the subway? Those are the questions you ask yourself. And is it what you want? If not, maybe rent for a little while and decide a little bit later.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Nick-1117: Let them go. They don’t live in the condos, they just park money there
  2. @stopthefomo: lol the narrator is so clearly ElevenLabs AI voice
  3. @youPuge: CNBC are you using Manhattan avg numbers and only bs on multi-mil-$ properties. 

O'Fk alreadCNBC are you using Manhattan avg numbers and only bs on multi-mil-$ properties. 

O'Fk alreadyy
  4. @onyxinvestments8367: This presentation needs to touch upon Condo vs Co Op in NYC.

So much of the housing stock is actually Co Op. Co Ops are significantly cheaper, but come with many more restrictions. For this, Co Op price movements are much more stable.

Here, it is not clear if we are talking about strictly condos or condos and co ops. One of the graphics did include both condos and co ops.

Serious buyers in NYC will need to know the difference.
  5. @darrylloo4080: The first condo, 10k maintenance fee?
  6. @ebadd3468: I remember when NYC went backrupt back in the 70s, didn't recover until the mid 90s. I'm sure the socialists will make recovery last much much  longer 😂
  7. @rajarora2097: It’s not loss, it’s sell anything at any price finally getting fixed
  8. @yingma9604: Capitals of the world have been bought up by foreign investors, housing is not about speculation and these cities also belong to the people who live there. Besides how much of that money is corruption money from abroad.
  9. @WitchKingofAngmarRides: Maybe describe this as a story of ultra-luxury condos.  Few real New Yorkers are able to spend the money being described in this story.
  10. @3506Dodge: American cities will never solve the housing crisis until they figure out how to make condos work. Single family houses are too expensive to build and apartments don't allow residents to build equity.
  11. @ianchu8232: Thank God we got Zoom and Teams.
  12. @James-9m: Woke city
  13. @kevinhurley3699: I want to live there!!!!!!
  14. @fdsfklnslnlknlkn8884: Manhattan resident here. Manhttan condos are pretty much unaffordable unless you make close to a million a year and/or have help from the bank of mom and dad. For context, we have: we have a household income of $550K, $650K saves for a downpayment and two small kids (I bring up this last fact because daycare costs around $4000 / month here per child), and despite this we can't really afford an apartment (2 bedrooms; 3 is completely not an option at our price point). The HOA fees and taxes are insane. Most apartments I've seen at / around $1.5M (which is the top of our price range) have HOAs of $3000-$4000 a month (and I've seen many with HOAs of $5,000 or even $10,0000+ per month).
  15. @danielfeld8724: When you start to belive your own lies. Well the developers are building fewer highrise condo projects. So over the next 10 years prices are going up
  16. @sergiostone5987: You sell at a lost only if you bought the condo and try to sell it immediately after. Property has increase enormously in value in the past 10 years. So if this year there is a small drop in prices, most people would still do pretty well.
  17. @joelew4974: Co-ops too?
  18. @mikegrin2323: $10K HOA
  19. @andyh4464: It's really simple, Giuliani, Pataki, Cuomo, and Bloomberg left the city in an amazing position and it was highly desirable. DeBlasio, Adams, Hochul, and now Mamdani are making the city less desirable. It's not that complicated.
  20. @bobhu: Because they are toooooooooo high.

- MAMDANI EFFECT: Top broker gives surprising take on NYC real estate: Kind: captions Language: en-US HIGH IT’S ON PAR FOR THE HIGHLY COMPETITIVE MARKET. PERFECT TIME TO HAVE REAL ESTATE BROKER BACK ON THE STATE BY POPULAR DEMAND, AND I KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEW YORK CITY REAL ESTATE AS IT’S VERY LIKELY ZOHRAN MAMDANI WINS. >> PEOPLE WILL BE IN NEW YORK AND SO BITE HERE AND LIVING HERE I THINK EVERYONE’S TALKING ABOUT IT BUT THE CONVERSATIONS I’M HAVING ABOUT IT ARE WITH MY BUYERS AND LOOKING AT APARTMENTS FOR THEM TO BUY. STUART: HOW ABOUT HIGHLY UPSCALE APARTMENTS IN NEW YORK CITY, MULTIMILLION DOLLAR APARTMENTS ARE THEY STILL SELLING WELL. >> ABSOLUTELY IT’S BEEN DOING VERY WELL WE HAD OUR BEST THIRD QUARTER IN THE LAST THREE YEARS THE BEST SEPTEMBER SINCE 21 THAT’S A HIGH-END IT’S BEEN DOING BETTER THAN THE MORE NORMAL. >> WE KEEP TALKING ABOUT HOW PEOPLE ARE GOING TO LEAVE THE CITY THEY’RE GOING TO FLY DOWN THERE TO FLORIDA HAVE YOU SEEN ANY OF THAT, THE ELECTION IS ONLY A COUPLE WEEKS AWAY. WE’VE BEEN SEEN THAT AS TAXES RISE BUT WE’VE ALSO SEEN PEOPLE COMING BACK IT’S ONE SAY I WANT TO LIVE HERE FOR THE INCOME TAX AND ANOTHER THING ACTIVELY FOR ALL YEAR ROUND THERE’S BEEN A RETURN BEFORE ZOHRAN MAMDANI WON THE NOMINATION SOME OF THE INTERVIEWS WE WERE DOING WERE ABOUT THE RETURN OF PEOPLE BACK TO THE CITY. >> I BET YOU SEE A LOT OF PEOPLE WHO ARE COMING BACK TO THE CITY BUT THEY MAKE SURE THAT THEY DON’T SPEND MORE THAN SIX MONTHS IN THE CITY. >> ABSOLUTELY THEY COUNTER DAYS, THEY DON’T PAY NEW YORK CITY TAX IF YOU LIVE HERE FOR LESS THAN SIX MONTHS. >> THAT IS A VERY IMPORTANT NUMBER OF PEOPLE THAT ARE DOING THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE THEY CANNOT DO THAT YOU LOOK AT THE BIG BUILDING J.P. MORGAN JUST BUILT A GOTTA BE THERE FOR A LOT OF PEOPLE IT WAS EASY TO DO THAT, YOU ARE SEEING PEOPLE THAT COME BACK CERTAINLY THAT’S GOING TO BE THE CASE. NOT THE RICH BUT REGULAR FOLKS ARE THEY COMING BACK. >> RENTS ARE AT AN ALL-TIME HIGH IF YOU LOOK AT THE NUMBERS IT WOULD’VE BEEN HIGHER IF THERE WAS MORE INVENTORY THERE WELL BELOW PEOPLE ARE COMING BACK TO THE CITY. I GET THE IMPRESSION THAT ALTHOUGH ZOHRAN MAMDANI IS GOING TO WIN A LOT OF PEOPLE THINK IT DOESN’T MATTER THAT MUCH BECAUSE HE WON’T BE ABLE TO IMPOSE HIGHER TAXES AND HE WON’T BE ABLE TO DO ALL THE THINGS THAT HE WANTS TO DO WHICH WOULD REALLY HURT THE CITY IS THAT THE FEELING. >> THAT’S OUR THOUGHT AND THE CO CLIENTS ARE SAYING THE SAME THING THEY THINK WILL BE RESTRAINED BY WHAT HE CAN DO THEY THINK HE SAID A LOT OF THINGS THAT WERE TO THE LEFT TO GET ATTENTION TO GET THE NOMINATION. I WILL TELL YOU A LOT OF OUR CLIENTS AS WELL HAVE SPOKEN WITH HIM ON ONE ONES ARE SMALL ROUNDTABLES. HIS ATTITUDE TOWARDS BUSINESS LEADERS AND THE WEALTHY IS FAR MORE EMBRACING AND MORE OPEN THAN WHAT WE SAW WITH DE BLASIO. BUT WE SURVIVED, THAT’S MY POINT THE CITY CONTINUE TO PROSPER THERE WERE PLENTY OF PEOPLE THAT WERE HERE THINGS WERE STILL WORKING YOU HAVE A YOUNG POLITICIAN THAT WANTS TO GO FURTHER. HE WANTS TO WORK WITH PEOPLE THAT’S MY GUESS. STUART: I HAD TO PACK THIS IN, HOW DO YOU USE A.I. IN YOUR REAL ESTATE PRACTICE, IS IT AT ALL? >> I HIRE SOMEBODY THAT’S VERY GOOD THAT’S GOOD AT IT AND SHE’S TRYING TO TEACH ME TO BE BETTER AT IT. I USE IT FOR SOME OF THE LETTERS THAT WE DO I PERSONALLY AM NOT USING IT YET IT’S MORE OF EFFICIENCY. >> YOU’RE THE ONLY PERSON THAT I INTERVIEWED AND I SAID ARE YOU USING A.I. IN YOU SAY THAT MUCH EVERYBODY ELSE’S YES. >> I NEVER PROPOSE TO BE THE PERSON THAT SHOULD EMULATE MY BUSINESS IT’S BOARD TO WHAT I SAY NOT WHAT I’M ACTUALLY DOING I’M PRETTY OLD SCHOOL. BY POPULAR DEMAND THE DEMAND COMES BACK YOU’RE ALRIGHT. IT’S A GOOD SEAL OF APPROVAL. I WAS JUST CHECKING THERE, NOBLE

  Top Comments:
  1. @SeraphSong42: Who the hell wants to live in the city of fruits and nuts.
  2. @barbaragorman1357: What is he going go say? Lol
  3. @mialuz6655: They have high demand of renting because they already invaded NYC with illegals to "replace" some of the people that leave.
  4. @monica562: BS
  5. @markdelacruz1322: He probably won't work with Bibi Netanyahu and the Jewish community too well.
  6. @JeffFisher-c2b: All part of the plan, the New Yorkers will flee and the muslims will move in. Why is America letting this takeover by Muslims happen.
  7. @citizenP-n5c: What a crock!
  8. @Bill-vo1wn: Democrats conspiracy to commit Treason. Open Boarders and shipping illegal aliens into New York.  Very simple Very easy.  WAKE up AMERICA 🇺🇸  End of story.
  9. @Joseph-ec6sb: He full of shite, drive around and see all the empty condos, look at long Island city
  10. @GregoryGarvin: No one is moving out. If they want, like all transplants, ride on out to Florida. Go. Bye!

People live in NYC for convenience and NO PLACE ON EARTH that js as convenient in the city, for flying globally, and the complex commercial products available on a whim.
  11. @newsflash7718: We Democrats have had TDS.  Now Replublicans are getting MDS - Mamdani Derangement Syndrome
  12. @Jbisme13: Mamdani will figure out a way to tax these people. I freaking love it
  13. @RegimeChangeInUSA: I ❤ NY!!  If Fox News says he's bad, I'm definitely voting for him!!😊
  14. @HollisMJ: Oh to be young and dumb again!!!
  15. @722redsea: BS! I’m in the middle of selling my apartment, and I’ve lived in New York for 25 years — this is by far the worst time to sell a home. No one is showing up to open houses, which is unheard of in NYC. Before COVID, open houses were like bidding wars. Now, you’re lucky if even one person shows up. Even my broker, who used to sell properties in no time, said, “It’s such a weird time. No one’s coming!”
  16. @Winix-17: The whales are accumulating Kuardun Token. They know something we don't, and we're about to find out.
  17. @Jarvanstar: Kuardun Token yet has to really hit mainstream media guys
  18. @YNWJoker: The FOMO on Kuardun Token is absolutely nuts. The next price pump is going to be massive. The whales are buying it all up
  19. @mrameenullah-086: Amazon's CEO just followed the Kuardun Token Twitter account. The partnership announcement is imminent
  20. @Adnanakhterofficial133: Good luck everyone that holds Kuardun Token probably a guaranteed profit at launch

- Vacancies in NYCHA buildings: Kind: captions Language: en the lack of affordable housing, and what new York City's biggest landlord, the New York City Housing Authority, is doing to fill thousands, yes, thousands of empty apartments in its portfolio. Brooklyn has been, and in many respects, continues to be perhaps the clearest expression of the Big Apple's tale of two cities where affluent families, many of them newly arrived to the borough, flourished in multimillion dollar homes. While nearly 300,000 residents make do in public housing. Because right now, with the cost of living, rent is very expensive and living in a private place Brought to you by VSP vision. is very hard. As longtime Brooklyn resident Joanne already knows, so is getting into a nightmare apartment. In fact, the New York City the city's biggest landlord, has a waiting list of more than 159,000 people. If I could get into one of the nature building, I would really, really appreciate it. Our focus for this story. The empty apartments in Niger's sprawling portfolio. According to Niger data, by the end of March of this year, there were more than 6200 apartments classified as vacant. More than 3700 units classified as non dwelling and nearly 700 units classified as move in or pre-selected for a future tenant. That's a total of about 10,654 empty Niger apartments. On behalf of working class New Yorkers struggling to make ends meet during an ever worsening housing crisis. We wanted to know why that's a lot of making apartments, especially homelessness, going in New York City. Can you understand how people at home are going to hear these big numbers in the face of this affordable housing crisis here in the city and say, you know what? This is frustrating. This just tracks with the notorious reputation for red tape and bureaucracy that Niger has. where they're coming from when they hear these numbers? I understand that housing, that housing in New York City is critical, and I understand the frustrations of New Yorkers living through a housing crisis because it affects their day to day life, and it's incredibly stressful. However, I think what is important to understand is the critical state that is in right now. Daniel Green is Nike's executive vice president of property management. He recently took us on a tour of two different apartments in the pristine Cooper Bay Houses in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, one that's in the process of being renovated and another that's already finished and waiting to be rented. We're doing major renovation in these apartments. We're doing LED abatement. We're doing a specialist abatement. We are taking care of legacy environmental contamination in our buildings right now. And this is really the opportunity to do it. The number of empty units can vary by night to development, and that's to be expected. But in our analysis of the agency's data, we found there are instances where the number of vacant units can spike depending on the neighborhood. For example, over at the Cooper Bay houses in the highly gentrified neighborhood of Williamsburg, there was an average of only about ten units classified as either vacant or non dwelling for the first quarter of this year. But here at the Marcy Houses in Bed-Stuy, which could easily be argued, is less gentrified than Williamsburg. And where there's a higher demand for affordable housing among low income residents, there was a staggering average of 67 units classified We want to really make sure that we're giving decent, safe and sanitary apartments to people and that takes a bit of time. How much time? According to Nature's Metrics website, between March of 2025 and 2026, it took the agency an average of 11.2 months. That's right, almost a year to turn around a single apartment to get it ready for a new tenant. Would you be able to afford some of the market rate rents around this neighborhood if you were forced to move out of your apartment? Oh, it's not is is you have to work, like three jobs. Green insists there's a concrete explanation for what on paper, looks like a long, drawn out process. He also cites all of the plastic and other specialty trade work often required to restore these units. And that's in addition to the mandatory LED and dispersed. This abatement. We always are turning over apartments, so it's not worth sitting on like a warehouse of apartments. The question is, will nature ever get to the point where it's churning fast enough to meet the demand of New Yorkers like Joanne, who works as a home health aide and as a single mother of two? You know, it's very hard juggling work, groceries, bills. Well, you already know this is an issue that we are going to keep a close eye on.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Garrett-z4t [3 likes]: Cant wait not to move there.
  2. @ec5957 [2 likes]: It’s called COOPER PARK not cooper bay and it’s in the GREENPOINT section of Brooklyn not WBURG, I heard the tenants of cooper park said NO to takeover wavecrest,
beware of the company Offering to “fix” project buildings they raising rent destroying furniture and kicking tenants out they apts!!
  3. @TedUWS: This is a story of the DYSFUNCTION of GOVERNMENT.  Get the Government out of the real estate market, and let the private market fix these thousands of vacant properties.
  4. @mactastic144: I'm pretty sure when the Democrats win their majority back in the House of Representatives, they'll fix everything. /s
  5. @BlimpCityFeeder: As some say in Marcy, Tompkins & Sumner Houses...there's a reason the bullets don't fly across Flushing Ave.

- This is how a Mamdani win could impact NYC real estate: Kind: captions Language: en &nbsp;THE AIRLINE ADDED ONE EXTRA &nbsp;FLIGHT FROM TURKS AND CAICOS TO &nbsp;MIAMI, STOCK IS DOWN 5%. &nbsp;MOVING TO REAL ESTATE HOME &nbsp;PRICES ACROSS THE COUNTRY &nbsp;POSTED ANNUAL GAIN OF 1.6% &nbsp;ACCORDING TO THE CASE-SCHILLER &nbsp;COMPOSITE. &nbsp;THIS MARKS THE WEAKEST ANNUAL &nbsp;GAIN IN TWO YEARS AND FALLS &nbsp;WELL BELOW THE 3% INFLATION &nbsp;RATE, HOW HOMEOWNERS MIGHT WANT &nbsp;TO SELL SOME DAY, IT COULD BE A &nbsp;LITTLE GLUM. &nbsp;MORTGAGE RATES 6. &nbsp;5%, WHAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN THE &nbsp;BUSY SUMMER SEASON. &nbsp;WITH US TO DIG INTO THE LATEST &nbsp;REAL ESTATE TRENDS, THE CEO OF &nbsp;DOLLY LENZ REAL ESTATE AND &nbsp;JENNY LENZ, IT'S MANAGING &nbsp;DIRECTOR. &nbsp;LET'S START WITH THE INTEREST &nbsp;RATE EXPECTED TO CUT RATES BY &nbsp;25 BASIS POINTS TOMORROW. &nbsp;I BELIEVE MORTGAGE RATES ARE &nbsp;CONNECTED TO THE 10 YEAR &nbsp;TREASURY, WHAT DO YOU SAY? &nbsp;DOLLY:ANY MORTGAGE RATE &nbsp;REDUCTION IS WELCOME, THE FED &nbsp;RATE CUT IS WELCOME. &nbsp;I HAVE NEWS FOR JEROME POWELL, &nbsp;MAKE IT TWO THIS YEAR, WE &nbsp;NEEDED AND IT IS GOOD FOR THE &nbsp;ECONOMY, GOOD FOR EVERYONE, &nbsp;TRICKLES DOWN THROUGH THE &nbsp;SYSTEM. &nbsp;GERRI: WE ARE HOPING FOR ONE IN &nbsp;DECEMBER AND EXTERIOR AS WELL &nbsp;AS THAT WILL HELP THE &nbsp;FIRST-TIME HOMEBUYER MORE THAN &nbsp;ANYTHING TO REENTER THE MARKET &nbsp;THIS MONTH. &nbsp;GERRI: WE DEFINITELY WANT &nbsp;PEOPLE TO GET INTO THE MARKET, &nbsp;GET THE MARKET MOVING YET &nbsp;AGAIN. &nbsp;DOLLY, BANK RATE MORTGAGE RATES &nbsp;FALLEN BELOW 6.5%. &nbsp;HAS THAT BEEN A CATALYST, ARE &nbsp;YOU SEE MORE PEOPLE? &nbsp;>> YOU KNOW IMMEDIATELY, PHONE &nbsp;CALLS AND ACTIVITY, IT IS &nbsp;CRAZY. &nbsp;DOWN HALF A POINT. &nbsp;>> SINCE PRE-COVERED 50% &nbsp;HIGHER. &nbsp;27 MONTHS OF INCREASING PRICES &nbsp;AND MEDIAN HOME PRICES 450,000 &nbsp;NOW. &nbsp;THAT'S THE ISSUE. &nbsp;MORTGAGE RATES, FRIENDS AND &nbsp;CLIENTS DIP THEIR TOE IN THE &nbsp;MARKET, SEPTEMBER MADE UP A LOT &nbsp;OF EXISTING HOME SALES. &nbsp;FIRST-TIME HOMEBUYERS MADE UP &nbsp;30%, 26%. &nbsp;GERRI: YOU EXPECT TO SEE A LOT &nbsp;OF FIRST-TIME HOMEBUYERS IN THE &nbsp;MARKET. &nbsp;LET'S TALK GEOGRAPHY. &nbsp;DOLLY, YOU ARE FOCUSED HERE BUT &nbsp;THE ENTIRE COUNTRY WHEN IT &nbsp;COMES TO REAL ESTATE WHAT PARTS &nbsp;OF THE COUNTRY ARE DOING WELL &nbsp;RIGHT NOW? &nbsp;DOLLY:THE PARTS THAT ARE DOING &nbsp;WELL ARE BOOSTING BECAUSE &nbsp;EVERYBODY FLED, EVERYBODY IS &nbsp;COMING BACK, PRICES AND &nbsp;BOTTOMS, LOOKING AT NEW YORK &nbsp;NEW YORK PRICING IS BOTTOMED, &nbsp;LOOKING AT FLORIDA, FLORIDA IS &nbsp;EXPENSIVE. &nbsp;NOT AS MUCH TRANSACTION VOLUME &nbsp;BUT PRICES VERY HIGH. &nbsp;JENNY:NOT DOING AS WELL BECAUSE &nbsp;PEOPLE GIVE BACK AND DEVELOPERS &nbsp;WENT TO FLORIDA AND TEXAS, TOO &nbsp;MUCH NOW. &nbsp;MORE OF A DETAIL IN THOSE &nbsp;PLACES. &nbsp;DOLLY:YOU ARE IN OR OUT OF &nbsp;SOMEPLACE AND PEOPLE TRYING TO &nbsp;BE IN BOTH SO THEY WANT TO BE &nbsp;IN FLORIDA AND NEW YORK, THEY &nbsp;LIKE THE TASTE OF FLORIDA, THEY &nbsp;LIKE THE TASTE OF TEXAS AND &nbsp;WANT TO BE IN BOTH SO THEY ARE &nbsp;FINDING WAYS TO GO DOWN IN ONE &nbsp;APARTMENT AND PURCHASE ANOTHER &nbsp;ONE. &nbsp;GERRI: WE TALK ABOUT BUYERS, WE &nbsp;NEVER TALK ABOUT SELLERS. &nbsp;CASE-SCHILLER REPORTING ANNUAL &nbsp;HOME PRICE SALES ARE SLOWING, &nbsp;PRICE IS SLOWING. &nbsp;WHAT DO YOU TELL SELLERS RIGHT &nbsp;NOW? &nbsp;JENNY:PRICE SENSITIVITY IS THE &nbsp;NUMBER ONE THING IN THE FIRST &nbsp;PLACE. &nbsp;THEY HAVE TO BITE THE BULLET &nbsp;AND JUST GO IN AT THE RIGHT &nbsp;NUMBER. &nbsp;OTHERWISE THEY WILL JUST SIT &nbsp;AND NOT SAY, BUT LIKELY NOT TO &nbsp;GET THEM. &nbsp;IF THEY SAY THE HOUSE NEXT &nbsp;DOOR, THEY SOLD 20% MORE, IT'S &nbsp;A DIFFERENT MARKET SO YOU HAVE &nbsp;TO PRICE IT. &nbsp;GERRI: I SAID I WAS NOT GOING &nbsp;TO TALK ABOUT IT BUT I AM. &nbsp;GERRI: THE, HE AS SOME PEOPLE &nbsp;CALL HIM LOOK LIKE HE WILL &nbsp;CLINCH THE ELECTION A WEEK FROM &nbsp;TODAY. &nbsp;IS THIS GOING TO IMPACT NEW &nbsp;YORK REAL ESTATE IN A NEGATIVE &nbsp;WAY? &nbsp;JENNY:SELLERS OF TOWNHOUSES IN &nbsp;PARTICULAR, AND THAT YOU OWN A &nbsp;TOWNHOUSE IN NEW YORK, HE IS &nbsp;GOING TO REDUCE PONIES, SO THAT &nbsp;IS A PROMISE. &nbsp;GERRI: A DOORMAN BUILDING IN &nbsp;IDAHO. &nbsp;A LOT OF PEOPLE SAYING THAT &nbsp;EXACTLY. &nbsp;DOLLY:THEY ARE SEEING WHAT &nbsp;HAPPENS LIKE ANYTHING, THE &nbsp;BIGGEST ASSET RIGHT NOW GIVEN &nbsp;WHAT IS GOING ON PASSING THE &nbsp;JENNY POLITICAL COME BACK, IN &nbsp;FOUR YEARS A LOT CAN HAPPEN IN &nbsp;FOUR YEA

  Top Comments:
  1. @dominicksans7204 [101 likes]: This all good about mortgage rates coming down but they can recalibrate or even go back up depending on what economic and foreign economic news comes out. So unless you are active and in the market and positioned to take advantage of the rate then you may miss the boat depending on how the rates keep moving.
  2. @saberrajindrall4871 [10 likes]: We need Curtis Sliwa as mayor of NYC.
  3. @andrewvillareil8024 [2 likes]: they are not doing investing they sell resi
  4. @WineConsulate [1 likes]: Mortgage rates went up after the last 2 fed cuts. What are these people talking about?!?!
  5. @alejandrocolon4846 [1 likes]: Folks need to realize it’s no longer a sellers market
  6. @Easytop-u3f: I'm Making a fortune in the market, whatever is driving it, keep it going.
  7. @michaelc821: Get out of over inflated cities
  8. @michaelc821: House prices are over inflated
  9. @pjconey: The only problem is, when mortgage rates fall, demand for housing increases and so do house prices.
  10. @Save_dullness: Republicans love the pyramid scheme trickle down problem is they turned the tap off years ago
  11. @bobbadham261: They want it so bad then let em have it, let the educated party be educated!!
  12. @marcodacostanewyork: Every time the right-wing media attacks Zohran with this nonsense, he just gets stronger—and more people vote for him. Honestly, you guys make me want to vote for him. Every time some desperate magnate whines, I love it. Keep showing it… and stop crying
  13. @Datguywilliams103: If the Feds do their jobs and go after those developers that do all that stealing it will balance everything out
  14. @keytothegate68: Yoos losing?
  15. @Elia59590: Young Blood more Energy Love Mamdani ❤️
  16. @youshe9121: Your president is a radical rightist. If your biggest city’s mayor is a radical leftist, it’s simply too chaotic.
  17. @rebeccamughetti6946: Mamdani is a I*lamic snake in the grass. They openly admit they intend to takeover.  9/11 should have been a wakeup call.
  18. @janetamerasinghe7824: Losers vote for losers. That's all the welfare recipients, at least half of the NYC population, voting for some compulsory system that allows them to enjoy the fruits of someone else's labor. Typical communist stance. Like Karl Marx himself, most of them have never worked at a job.
  19. @alejandrocolon4846: Now the fed rate cut is tied to the treasury bill not really the housing market. Its pricing houses are severely overpriced. It’s too late now and they will go up as we go along.
  20. @LewisWestern-v7x5h: It appears New York will be choosing to reward and exalt evil in choosing Mammydanny and his evil parents. I hope the choice is instantly disastrous and disastrously costly, as such a choice should be.

- Mamdani Leaves Hochul In The Lurch and Dems scrambling with Brazen ‘Tax the Rich’ Ultimatum: Kind: captions Language: en Mayor Zoran Mandani has left Governor Hokll in the lurch with a Democrats scrambling with the brazen tax the rich ultimatum. People have told the post that is a slap in the face to the governor. So this all comes on the heels of Zoron Mandani rolling out his preliminary budget this week. Part of that budget he said he needs to either raise property taxes by nearly 10%. Or Hokll needs to raise the personal income tax for people making a million dollars or more by 2%. And this was after a weekend where Governor Hokll had actually negotiated with the Zoran Monzani team all weekend to give him an extra $1.5 billion in funding to help balance his budget. Monzani says that the budget hole comes from the his predecessor Eric Adams who left him with a $12 billion budget gap for this and next fiscal year. He went and had a press conference last month in which he sounded the alarm about this budget hole. However, within 2 to 3 weeks, that budget gap has shrunk to $7 billion and now down to $5.4 billion, which is what the Mandani administration is pressing Hokll for. The calls from Zora Madani puts the governor in a precarious situation considering this year is an election year for the governor's office. And with multiple Democrats and also Republicans that the post reach out to, the the initial thing that they told us was it's an election year. How could they do this to the governor? You can't raise taxes in an election year. It's just bad politics. Hokll has repeatedly insisted that she's not going to raise taxes this year. She's not commented on the fact that it's election year, but she has repeatedly said that she is not in favor of raises taxes. She believes that the state and the city have enough in their coffers to prop up the budget. And again, she gave another $1.5 billion to the city this week after giving the city another $1.5 billion earlier this year to help pay for his early childhood education expansion. One of the key players in potentially raising taxes throughout the state is Carl Hasty, who has told us he's been in support of raising taxes on the wealthy, but he has always stopped short. And he said just earlier this month, and I think at the end of the day, we'll be fine. The city will be fine. We're not going to leave the city on a ledge. So that now leaves us with Madani saying that he really needs this money. Democrats across the city are outraged because this leaves some three million homeowners and 100,000 commercial properties potentially staring down a 9.5% increase on their property taxes. Something that hasn't been done since since 911.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jasonEagle-x3b: They are both communists.  One is a squirrel terminator they other a HAMAS member.
  2. @Working-in-NY: She has left all the citizens of upstate in a lurch with her ridiculous energy policies.    Follow the money.    Save the property owners.
  3. @waynecarlson9224: I guess now that NEW YORK STATE will help the city with their budgets, that must be the same for the ALL cities,  towns, municipal. This is getting out of control.
  4. @jpac1229: Cut spending, always more...
  5. @johnmcdonah4232: She’ll tell him “no” until she’s re-elected.  Then she’ll be “forced” to increase taxes.  NYC, fu$k, wake up
  6. @KatherineReveron-n2s5o: One has to be a complete idiot and fool to believe this disgusting Islamist!
  7. @Anka_Nicoise: For Mamdani, anything Hochul scrambles to give him, it will never end. It’s clear in her mannerisms that she knows she’s got a spendthrift child on her hands. Mom will have to cut him off at some point.
  8. @yogibearfan424: Dems tax the rich dilemma,  what about them, they pay tax?
  9. @lindaschultz8124: Mamdani is going to crush Hochul one way or another.
  10. @ResortMelloRosa-n1b: Mamdani finances islamics
  11. @BillVAngelsPentangelo: Hochul is a dime store mannequin...if re elected the next day she'll pull a Spandberger and raise taxes.
  12. @alexolas1246: i'm sorry, "brazen"? literally in what universe is the idea that those of us who have the most ought to pay the most to ensure the society's wellbeing seen as absurd?
  13. @trishatistream7894: Perhaps Satan has his eye on the governor’s mansion.
  14. @lynnroberts76: The deficit came from billions spent on illegal immigrants that the Biden admin forced on them with no money. Adam’s was cancelled when he needed help.
  15. @YoriEliyau: Genocide lie. The natural death that the Palestinians reported was 19,400 thousand per year. Until 2023. So in simple terms they lie non-stop. Because since 24 there has been no natural death there? And according to them everyone there was killed in the war. In simple terms for anyone with sense. The IDF reported 25 thousand Hamas terrorists that it eliminated, a total of 65 thousand and this is the claim of the lying Palestinians that they were all children who were killed in the war, they lie and the idiots in the world swallow this and believe the lies.
  16. @Shhhoooooo: Maybe he shouldn't be spending millions on equity puff projects.
  17. @JeffSchultz-x7s: Vote dumacRAT we will be back to open borders high taxes take away no tax on tips and overtime cater to the elegal aliens pay for there health care housing give them our money for food and everything else trump and defund police and ice trump turned all that around have to really be an idiot to vote these morons in anything again
  18. @peacebrother8235: New Yorkers wanted higher taxes and worshiping for Satan on time square, so they voted for the imbecile . There is no pity from the red states .
  19. @hmmazzaroify: 😂😂😂😂😂😂 you want him, you voted for him, now... you are awared with his ideas! 🤷 I want taxes to be raised to 25% not 9.5%, 25% is better! 🤷
  20. @deanhotter8057: MomDani must have other plans for the money .
Right Tim? 😂

- NYC homeowners react to potential property tax hike: Kind: captions Language: en GATHER AT THIS PARTICULAR LOCATION. MAYOR MAMDANI PROPOSED BUDGET HAS SCARED A LOT OF PEOPLE HOMEOWNERS, CO-OP AND CONDO OWNERS, BUILDING OWNERS ANYONE WHO COULD SEE THEIR PROPERTY TAX BILLS GO UP IF ALBANY DOESN'T FIND EXTRA MONEY TO BAIL THE CITY OUT OF ITS FISCAL CRISIS POLITICAL REPORTER MARCIA KRAMER HAS THE STORY >> FLUSHING, QUEENS, IS A NEIGHBORHOOD OF HOMEOWNERS WHO ARE PROUD OF THEIR LEAFY STREETS TINY PLOTS OF LAND AND THE ABILITY TO HAVE A TOUCH OF SUBURBIA. MANY, LIKE PAUL GRAZIANO, HAVE LIVED IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD FOR DECADES, BUT NOW THEY'RE WORRIED THEY COULD BE FORCED OUT BY MAYOR MAMDANI THREAT OF A HUGE PROPERTY TAX HIKE. HE SAYS OF HIS NEIGHBORS. >> I THINK THEY WOULD FREAK OUT >> PAUL IS WORRIED, TOO >> ABSOLUTELY. IMPINGE EVERYTHING I MEAN, I'M RAISING A NINE YEAR OLD KID, AND EVERYBODY KNOWS WHEN YOU'RE RAISING KIDS, IT'S IT'S EVERY DOLLAR COUNTS. >> HIS TAXES HAVE ALREADY SKYROCKETED. WHEN HE BOUGHT THIS HOME IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD HE GREW UP IN. THE TAXES WERE $2,800. NOW THERE ARE 11,000 MAYOR MAMDANI TAX HIKE WOULD MEAN ANOTHER HIKE OF OVER $1,000. AND HE'S FURIOUS. >> THIS IS COMING FROM SOMEONE WHO HAS NEVER HAD TO FIGHT FOR ANYTHING IN HIS LIFE, WHO GREW UP IN PRIVILEGE AND WEALTH. SO OF COURSE RAISING PROPERTY TAXES ON RICH PEOPLE, YOU KNOW, SUCH AS HIMSELF ISN'T MUCH OF A BURDEN >> BUT IT'S NOT JUST HOMEOWNERS. AND TKACHUK OWNS TWO SMALL WEST SIDE BUILDINGS, WHICH EACH HAVE TEN APARTMENTS. >> THERE'S NO RESTRAINT. THEY JUST COME TO US AS IF WE'RE AN ATM MACHINE. >> SHE SAYS THE MAMDANI TAX HIKE, IF IT COMES TO FRUITION, WILL AFFECT HER TENANTS, TOO >> IT'S GOING TO MAKE IT MUCH HARDER FOR ME TO REPLACE A BOILER. INSTEAD, I'M GOING TO REPAIR IT PATCH A ROOF INSTEAD OF REPLACING A ROOF. THOSE ARE THE KINDS OF DECISIONS YOU HAVE TO MAKE WHEN YOU KNOW 40% OF YOUR RENT ROLL IS GOING TO THE CITY AND PROPERTY TAXES. >> THE MAYOR SAYS RAISING PROPERTY TAXES IS NOT HIS FIRST CHOICE. HE WANTS MORE MONEY FROM ALBANY, BUT. >> THIS IS A BUDGET THAT REFLECTS THE ONLY TOOLS THAT THE CITY HAS AT ITS DISPOSAL. WHEN WE ARE SPEAKING ABOUT PROPERTY TAXES, THAT IS A TOOL OF VERY LAST RESORT. >> SO A TOOL, A VERY LAST RESORT. HE JUST SAID THERE, MARCIA. THEN WHY IS HE DOING IT? >> IF YOU ASK ME, HE'S TRYING TO RAISE AN ARMY. REMEMBER THAT ARMY OF VOLUNTEERS THAT HELPED HIM GET ELECTED? WELL, HE WANTS AN ARMY OF PEOPLE THAT ARE GOING TO CALL THEIR ELECTED OFFICIALS AND SCREAM BLOODY MURDER. DON'T RAISE MY TAXES >> WELL, YOU KNOW, AT THIS NEWS CONFERENCE THAT YOU ATTENDED, YOU DID ASK THE MAYOR IF HE WOULD REALLY DO THIS, IF HE WOULD REALLY RAISE PROPERTY TAXES. TELL EVERYONE WHAT HE SAID, BUT. >> ALSO ACTUALLY DODGED THAT QUESTION. BUT THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER IS THAT A LOT CAN HAPPEN. THIS IS A PRELIMINARY SPENDING PLAN. THE BUDGET HAPPENS AROUND MAY, DEPENDING ON WHAT HAPPENS IN ALBANY, AND A LOT CAN HAPPEN. REVENUES COULD GO UP. THE STATE COULD DECIDE TO GIVE MORE MONEY HE COULD HAVE HE COULD FIND WASTE IN GOVERNMENT AGENCIES. THE REAL QUESTION IS THIS IT'S AN ELECTION YEAR. IS THE GOVERNOR GOING TO RAISE TAXES? IS THE LEGISLATURE GOING TO RAISE TAXES WHEN THEY HAVE TO FACE THE V

  Top Comments:
  1. @SmijBlah-d7w [2 likes]: Get a free bus to live on while you lose your house.
  2. @sleb6259 [1 likes]: You get what you pay for 😢 you voted for it😅
  3. @Hongobogologomo [1 likes]: Oh look, socialism being socialism lol.
This is literally what NY voted for. When we warned them, they called us fascists.

Well whose complaining now? 😄
  4. @dalu-y2u [1 likes]: Voting to spite the POTUS may result in an irrational choice.
  5. @PaulinaRios-oz7qr [1 likes]: Property taxes are illegal. Property taxes violate the 16th amendment of the US Constitution. This tax hurts tenants and homeowners. Property and shelter assets are not income. This affects property owners and renters. Property evaluation blown up  to charge them are fraudulent.
  6. @johnnytoobad7785 [1 likes]: So by Mandami's reasoning..anyone who ones ANY property is RICH and must deal with the consequences of his new flavor of "socialism".
  7. @BryceLovesTech [1 likes]: So glad I live in Florida
  8. @trippymanemoontruth [1 likes]: HAHAHAHA 😂😂😂😂😂 well yall voted for this so who cares 😂😂😂😂😂😂 this is hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂😂 2 months in and he already turned on his base 💀💀💀💀🤣
  9. @DouglasJordan-k3j: Isn't this exactly what New Yorkers voted for. You've got 3 1/2 years left to go.
  10. @Goodvsevil-k9: Question who did he vote for
  11. @sleb6259: Albany is supposed to find money? From where?
  12. @gabrisgamer450: maga this maga that. Now what😂
  13. @wesleyholland5004: Remember you guys vote for these actions/policies.A few years ago we had an influx of people from CA move to our area and thought it best to “flex” their new found “votes”.We re-acted and voted out every democrat sitting on the county/city boards.First time in 84 years that only one party held all the seats.Funny thing we lowered property taxes and our tax based increased by 32%.Our county has created positive cash which benefits all residents of the county.
  14. @jd7313: So cutting government costs is not an option?
  15. @dominiclupico1152: He has no money, but knows you all will be happy to pay more for his plans of free everything under the sun. Perfectly logical.
  16. @alphabuffalo12: Neglects to mention how mamdani is also cutting expenses to keep a balanced budget
  17. @hugocalvo8287: Interesting 🤔 so you’re telling me that in essence if you raise property taxes and owners cannot raise rent then if they can’t pay you will seize their homes ?! Is that the plan here ?
  18. @CosmicSpiral777: A tool of last resort 6 weeks into office 😂.  This is what people voted for.
  19. @elsafolgar5224: You got what you voted for , good luck
  20. @johnpaulkane6153: If people  came out in mass and voted Curtis  a real new Yorker this would not happen.

- Governor of New York TURNS On Mamdani As He Betrays His Own Citizens: Kind: captions Language: en But maybe the first step should be go down to Palm Beach and see who you can bring back home because our tax base has been eroded. >> So I philosophically don't have a problem. It is like I have to look at the fact that we are in competition with other states who have less of a tax burden on their corporations. >> Ladies and gentlemen, the governor of New York just turned on Zoran Mdani and he's betraying the very people who put him there. Kathy Hokll, the Democrat who endorsed this guy, is now admitting his city is bleeding out. her words, "Our tax base has been eroded." She's floating the idea of flying to Palm Beach to drag New Yorkers back home. The rich fled, the jobs walked, and corporations are next because every neighboring state taxes them less. That's your rent, your job, your safety on the line. Hokul just lit the fuse under Mom Donnie. And what's coming for him next is going to be brutal. Watch this. Governor Kathy Hogal claims that she is done raising taxes, but a group of unions, left-wing organizations, and Mom Donnie allies. Clearly, they didn't get the memo because they are pushing for even bigger tax the rich measures. All to help close that city's massive budget gap. But Hokll says enough is enough, arguing that she's already sending over a billion dollars to help bail out the city and that it's now up to them to get spending under control. Here's what Hokll had to say when asked about helping New York City and raising more taxes. >> I'm not going to continue. I'm not going to say now it I'm not negotiating the budget here uh what the final project will look like, but I think that is a very significant step toward helping them get to where they need to get to and they have work to do too. >> Say no other new taxes reasonably on the table at this point. This >> ladies and gentlemen, Hochel just told Mamani to handle his own mess. Zoran Mdani, the new mayor of New York City, ran as a Democratic socialist and wasted no time pushing a pedare tax on ultra luxury second homes owned by non-residents. That means targeting billionaires like Ken Griffin who keep a place in the city but live elsewhere. The governor Kathy Hchel has already sent over a billion dollars to help close the city's budget gap. Now she's saying no more new taxes. The city has to get spending under control. You guys, this matters to working families because when the tax base shrinks from businesses and rich residents leaving, regular New Yorkers end up with higher costs or worse services. You guys heard that. Hokul is drawing a hard line. She's not negotiating more taxes and she's telling the city to fix its own spending problem. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the governor turning on the mayor's agenda right from the start. But Manny and his side are not slowing down. They're telling anyone who pushes back to just leave the state. And we're here to say that the era of Trump and Zeldon and Molinaro, just jump on a bus and head down to Florida where you belong. Okay? Get out of town. Get out of town cuz you don't RE YOU DON'T REPRESENT our values. You are not New Yorkers. But maybe the first step should be go down to Palm Beach and see who you can bring back home because our tax base has been eroded. So I philosophically don't have a problem. It is like I have to look at burden on their corporations and their individuals. And I would say remote work changed everything. There are people who could only work in an office in Manhattan. >> See, that's the attitude. Get out of town if you don't like the taxes. Remote work already changed everything and companies can pack up and head to Florida or anywhere with lower burdens. That's how you lose your own tax base before you even realize it. Then the mayor made it personal. He filmed a video right outside Ken Griffin's apartment on Central Park South to push the new tax, calling out the hedge fund CEO by name. >> The mayor of New York getting push back from billionaire Ken Griffin and his company called Citadel. Griffin threatening to go forward, not go forward, with his planned project in Midtown Manhattan that would create, he says, 15,000 permanent jobs. Now, this all started when Mayor Mani made a social media video pushing for his and the governor's PA tear tax and doing it right in front of Griffin's apartment on Central Park South. Griffin bought it for $238 million back in 2019, even though he's not technically a New York City resident. >> Oh, politics in New York City. NJ Burket live in Midtown Manhattan with the mayor's reaction and what happens now. D. >> Yeah, Bill. outside Griffin's apartment here on Central Park South. This is where Mum Donnie made his video last week. He campaigned, of course, as a Democratic socialist, and he insists tonight he's doing exactly what he was elected to do. So, a clash with the city's billionaires was all but inevitable. Mayor Mumani was making no apologies today. Asked if he regrets the video, his answer was simple. That home when it was purchased was the most expensive home in the United States of America. >> Ladies and gentlemen, Griffin is now reconsidering a $6 billion project that would create over 20,000 permanent jobs. His company already pays billions in city and state taxes. But Mamani turned it into a political stunt. You guys, this is what happens when you villainize the people who actually build things in the city. Let me break this down for a second. When you hit these luxury properties with a new tax, the owner runs the numbers and decides it's not worth it. Maybe the expansion goes to Miami instead. The construction crews lose work. The office staff loses jobs. The service workers lose shifts. The city then loses the income taxes and property taxes those jobs would have generated. It adds up fast. Tax the rich too hard and they simply stop playing the game here. That's basic economics, not some theory. Meani says he's not worried. >> Last week, the mayor stood outside 220 Central Park South. Today we're taxing the rich >> to promote a new tax on ultra luxury second homes. >> This peer tear tax is specifically designed for the richest of the rich. Those who store their wealth in New York City real estate but who don't actually live. >> Case in point, the penthouse on the 53rd floor, >> which hedge fund CEO Ken Griffin bought for $238 million. >> Griffin lives in Miami, CEO of Citadel, a hedge fund that employs 2500 people in New York. In a memo to the staff, the chief operating officer wrote, quote, "It is shameful that he used Ken's name as the example of those who supposedly aren't carrying their fair share." Griffin and the staff paid 2.3 billion dollars in city and state taxes, he said. And Griffin himself directed 650 million in charitable gifts to city institutions. That their planned 1600 ft tower on Park Avenue will create over 20,000 mostly permanent jobs. He's intent on making the wealthiest pay more so everyone can afford to live in the city. But you guys, this is how you shrink the pool of jobs for the middle class. Who wins in that environment? Nobody. And let's not forget who this mayor keeps close. His best friend is out there saying America deserved 9/11 and laughing about it at memorials. >> The project, if we move forward, will entail more than 6 billion dollar of spending. If Griffin is reconsidering, Mom Donnie seems unconcerned. >> I am intent, however, on balancing this budget in a manner that asks the wealthiest and the most profitable corporations to pay that little bit more so that everyone can afford to live in the city. And that means Ken Griffin and that means so many others across the city. And that also means those who would love to join us in the city. >> Money believes he won a mandate destined perhaps to clash with the city's billionaires. They will do everything they can to prevent their grip from weakening. >> Some in the business community tonight are urging caution. >> It's a big ecosystem here and by villainizing the wealthier people that are providing a lot of the jobs for the middle class. Ultimately, you get a smaller pool of jobs for the middle class. And then who wins in that environment? >> You guys, this is the guy with no patriotism in his heart who doesn't support the United States of America. And Manny stands with him. That's the leadership running the biggest city in the country. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the real betrayal. Maani came in promising to help citizens, but his policies risk driving out the economy while he associates with people who mock American tragedies. Hokul might be the only one saying enough for now. Will she actually stand firm? I'm not going to lie. I don't know. Do I expect real change from Albany? Probably not. But God, what a thing it would be if the governor told the socialists to get lost and protected the people who actually keep New York working. Or maybe she folds like every other Democrat. Who am I kidding? Either way, New Yorkers keep paying the price. Thank you all very much for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @KatieKress-k9s [1 likes]: Hahahahahaha they're not coming back you did it you fix it you helped mamdani get in and aoc so yaw live it🎉
NY has no values
  2. @normao2267 [1 likes]: Shut up Hochul you both Mamdani helping one another of Corruption
  3. @cristophertoti4814: She eroded her own tax basin, when back in 2022 she told wealthy people to take their money to Florida. I doubt anu pf them well move back to New York
  4. @Sundance_Trish: No,She wants to get voted in again!
  5. @SoniaLeon-i5q: But his parents are rich how much are they going  paying in taxes too .
  6. @annasmith2035: Karma 
Indeed is a b,,,h good this is what they voted for now deal with it,it was going to affect her money too,dud,smh what was she high on,
  7. @ramseygorge4397: It’s too late for you and your stupid mayor. You both need to quit you know you both should not be in power.
  8. @angeljo282: The rich didn't become rich overnight! Many have created numerous businesses and jobs! So keep overtaxing them, and they'll leave with their businesses, to other states or other countries! Who will be left without jobs and without income for their families?! I don't know who put this ludicrous idea into the heads of the New York population.
  9. @stevenpatrickson7051: The feud between them is a scheme. If she wins the Governor seat in 11/26, there will be new taxes. Just like she did with congestion tax
  10. @RichardHolmquits-xc1nl: Mandani smiles while he puts his hand in your pocket
  11. @RichardHolmquits-xc1nl: this is the way   democrats  are    STUPID
  12. @JustinPowell-p3q: We The People are the masters here. We have a legal right to alter or abolish anyone in office that violates our rights. It is time to exercise that power and abolish the birth citizenship of many in office and force them to expatriate into exile
  13. @silikon2: One thing Zorhan is not doing is intentionally driving the Jews and whites out of NYC to turn it Muslim...
  14. @SoldOnSolar: Get rid of him.
  15. @deniseandros7082: Get rid of Hochul too.
  16. @wilfredmuniyan: Hopefully new yorkers should see what kind of people they are voted  into off
  17. @hoodatdondar2664: This is what New Yorkers wanted, and they deserve to get it.

Good and hard.
  18. @GaleDesilva: lying Democrat
  19. @deborahmilazzo6124: Not saying bad stuff
  20. @deborahmilazzo6124: You will win during the election if you stay away from that. Communist.  Save yourself inThe election. You will be fine with the others if you don’t let this communist threaten you.

- What is a pied-à-terre tax? Hochul backs tax on wealthy New Yorkers: Kind: captions Language: en it's nice while it lasted. Back to you. Definitely. Okay. Janice. Thank you. Governor Kathy Hochul shifted positions today, throwing her support behind a new proposal to tax the ultra wealthy. This would target people who own multiple homes in the state and who leave those high end properties empty most of the time. It's called a pied a terre tax. News 4's Andrew Siff explains Chopper 4 up above. A penthouse apartment that sold a few years back for more than $200 million. The owner, according to elected officials, is hardly ever here. They're part of our skyline. But those people are not part of our city. So today, Governor Kathy Hochul proposed a new way to get money from homeowners who don't live here. I am proposing a common sense surcharge on high value second homes in New York City. She called it a surcharge, but Mayor Mamdani called it a tax. This is a tax on properties worth more than $5 million that are owned by people who do not reside in New York City. Both leaders supporting the new tax. That's the French term for foot on the ground. That typically means a place you own but don't live, impacting 13,000 homes in New York City valued at $5 million and above apartments that are not owner occupied, but Hochul's Republican opponent in this year's governor's race, said the new tax will backfire. They're going to take their money someplace else, and that means some carpenters are not going to get a job. Some plumbers are not going to get a job. The restaurants in the neighborhood are going to lose business. Hochul says the extra revenue is needed to help the city close a $5 billion budget gap, and some New Yorkers seem to embrace the idea of out of town owners paying more. I think they should pay taxes to the city of New York. They are using our services, police department, fire and walking on our sidewalks. Why shouldn't they pay? Now, if this tax sounds familiar, it was proposed by then Governor Cuomo back in 2019, but it did not pass the state legislature. Now it's up to this year's state lawmakers to decide whether to include it in the budget. By the way, the typical surcharge for a pied a terre owner could be about

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThatsJustMyBabyDaddy [1 likes]: They're taxing the tax shelters of wealthy foreign oligarchs. I say tax away!!!!!!!
  2. @MarBlox-k1u [1 likes]: The WEALTH TAX is the only fair way in modern society. Starts kicking in at net worth over 2 million. Country wide.
  3. @heidichancey [1 likes]: That's going to make rents go way up. More people will move out if the city
  4. @TheOriginalThinker2.0: So you want people to pay more who don't use any city services?  Retarded!
  5. @curiouscat544: And how can they prove whether they are living on the aprt or not? These millionaires have lawyers and I'm sure they will find a way to go around  it and not be charged.
  6. @garylooper8593: Move over California, there's a new idiot on the block.
  7. @nancyjonelson2900: 500 million will probably last the scammers about a week!!!  New York is headed for the shitter in the fast lane and the dumbass people there that  keep voting for these pathetic socialist morons that would take anybody's last penny and give it to some low life or illegal immigrant deserve the Trainwreck headed their way!!!
  8. @warrenb4421: Actually, if people aren't living there, how are they using the services?  Please do this you morons.  It's better entertainment than watching Comedy Central. Here's another idea.  If you need to reduce the budget gap, how about reducing wasteful spending?  How about stopping the subsidizing of illegal aliens?  Doubling down on stupid isn't a solution, but I'm loving it!.
  9. @stephenbrady6788: How come the illegals don't have to pay anything?
  10. @stephenbrady6788: Thieves. Pure thieves, say goodbye to those folks....
  11. @2lotsill: Wow had to lookup property tax rates in NYC.  
19.$$ percent for houses

12.$$ percent for condos/apartments.
  12. @Gardner-g9b: The wealthy that own these properties dont reside in the state; so these people won't migrate anywhere.
  13. @auhbreykumming6506: No one's living there therefore those services aren't even being used. If they're not there then they're not eating and using dry cleaning or the plumbers.
  14. @Kindhcv369: not sure why people are against this, do YOU own a home above 5m? i dont think 99% of new yorkers do
  15. @BurgerKang1971: Property worth more than 5m... so you mean apartments. Yall think that won't happen but that's literally what happened in LA after the mansion tax. 

You eat the rich types need to stop being bitter and read Atlas Shrugged... and a basic economy text book😂
  16. @Lizard202: I am sure this tax will soon hit middle class. It always does.
  17. @danielm7737: Bruce Blakeman churning out the same old line... anyone who has the ability to own that type of home, and not live in it, in NYC is not leaving for pocket change to them
  18. @anonperson4597: This follows a law that says those expensive homes will have to be sold to non profits “first” before being sold to the public.  
Sell them.  Get out.  Donate to charities in other states and let NY crumble.  They are punishing the successful to pay for the ones who are NOT successful.
😂 sell them to the non profits so they can be filled with homeless people who won’t pay ANYTHING 😂.  
The owners of the homes pay property taxes.  Ffs.
  19. @stevedee8158: Don’t they already pay property tax on these properties?  This sounds like it is additional SURCHARGE.   These politicians put a spin on what they say in public so it sounds good for them.  I live in NYC, but own vacation home in Pennsylvania.  I pay property tax, school tax, library tax, and a township tax.  So even if not a resident of New York, you still pay taxes.  Another money grab to fund socialist agendas.
  20. @MrB-w1x: old zoron the moron is showing everyone in america everything we do not want , hs like the posterboy of just how many stupid people there are in NYC

- New York Homeowners PANIC as Property Taxes Rise Overnight 2026: Kind: captions Language: en Your home is your sanctuary, but in 2026, it has become a massive liability you can no longer afford. While you slept, New York lawmakers shifted the financial burden of the entire state onto your doorstep. The tax bill arriving in your mailbox this morning is not a mistake. It is a calculated strike against your savings. If you think your fixed rate mortgage protects you, you are dangerously wrong. Escalating assessments and hidden levies are draining bank accounts across the Empire State. You must understand these new rules immediately. One missed detail could trigger a foreclosure process that moves faster than ever. The new reality of New York property taxes. The year 2026 marks a turning point for every homeowner from Buffalo to Monttoque. For decades, property taxes in New York were seen as a predictable if painful cost of living. But the system has undergone a fundamental shift. The New York State Department of Taxation and Finance along with the Office of Real Property Tax Services has implemented a series of aggressive collection models designed to fill massive budget gaps. In New York City alone, the expense budget for 2026 has climbed to an staggering $115.9 billion. After accounting for all state and federal aid, the city faced a gaping $ 35.2 billion hole. To fill it, the state has turned to the only reliable source of revenue left, your home equity. This is no longer just about the tax cap. While you may have heard that property taxes are capped at 2%, that is a dangerous halftruth. In 2026, local governments and school districts are finding sophisticated ways to bypass these limits, often leaving you with a double-digit increase that seems to happen overnight. The state's constitutional property tax cap restricts levies to 2.5% of the average full market value, but the way market value is calculated has been weaponized. As property values were inflated by the market trends of the last few years, the state is now catching up on its assessments, leading to what many are calling the assessment explosion. Who made these decisions? The current crisis is a collision of state level mandates and federal tax policy. The primary driver on the federal side dates back to the Trump administration's tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. This legislation placed a $10,000 cap on the state and local tax salt deduction. For years, New Yorkers were hit twice. They paid high local taxes and were then unable to deduct those payments from their federal returns. In 2026, while new federal reconciliation bills have adjusted these caps to $40,400 for some, the phase down for higher earners and the complexity of the new brackets have created a tax trap for the middle class. On the state level, Governor Hatchel's 2026 executive budget and the resulting legislative sessions have shifted more responsibility to local municipalities. By mandating new environmental standards and social programs without providing full funding, Albany has forced towns and counties to raise property taxes to stay afloat. The decision makers at the New York City Council and the various county boards of supervisors across the state have been forced to choose between cutting essential services or overriding the tax cap. In 2026, almost all of them are choosing the latter. The impact on seniors and retirees. No group is more vulnerable in 2026 than New York seniors. If you are living on a fixed income, your home is likely your greatest asset, but it is also the one being targeted. The school tax relief or STAR program has seen significant changes this year. While the state has introduced an automatic upgrade to the enhanced STAR exemption for those turning 65, the income limits have not kept pace with inflation. For 2026, your 2024 adjusted gross income must be $110,750 or less. If you made even $1 more, perhaps by selling a small amount of stock to cover a medical bill, you lose the enhanced benefit entirely. This all or nothing approach means a senior could see their school tax bill jump by three or $4,000 in a single cycle. For someone relying on social security, this is a financial death sentence. We are seeing a record number of retirees being forced to short sell their homes or take out high interest reverse mortgages just to pay the tax collector. The dream of aging in place is being replaced by the reality of being taxed out of your own neighborhood. Number 10, automatic interest on late payments. Under New York Real Property Tax Law, RPTL section 924A, the interest rate for late property tax payments is set at 1% per month. This sounds manageable until you do the math. If you miss your January payment by December, you owe an additional 12% in pure interest. In 2026, many homeowners are finding that their autopay systems through their mortgage escrow failed to update after a reassessment. Most people ignore this because they think the bank is handling it. However, if your escrow account has a shortage, the bank might not pay the full amount on time. The state does not care whose fault it is. They apply the interest immediately. This leads to a cascading debt. If you owe $10,000 in taxes, a one-year delay adds $1,200 in interest alone. This debt is often reported to credit bureaus, dropping your score and making it impossible to refinance your home to pay off the tax bill. It is a silent trap that catches thousands of New Yorkers every year. Number nine, the star credit maximum ceiling. The school tax relief star program is the primary way New Yorkers save on their school taxes. However, in 2026, the state has enforced a strict maximum savings ceiling. Under current regulations, the star savings amount cannot exceed the savings of the prior year by more than 2%. Meanwhile, school districts across the state are raising their actual tax levies by 5, 7, or even 10%. Why is this a risk? Because most homeowners believe STAR will always cover a significant portion of their bill. In reality, as school budgets grow, the percentage of your bill covered by STAR is shrinking. You are paying the difference. This leads to an effective tax hike that is much higher than the headline numbers suggest. If your school tax is $6,000 and the district raises it by 10%, you owe an extra $600. But if your star credit is capped, you are on the hook for nearly the entire increase. Over 5 years, this gap can cost a family an additional $5,000 that they never budgeted for. Number eight, unpaid water leans hit taxes. In 2026, a new enforcement trend has taken hold in New York. The absorption of municipal utility debt into property tax leans. If you fall behind on your water or sewer bills, many New York municipalities are now legally authorized to levy those unpaid amounts onto your property tax bill. This is governed by local town and village codes under the authority of the general municipal law. Most people ignore water bills thinking they can just pay them eventually. But once that debt is moved to the tax role, it becomes a priority lean. This means it must be paid before any other debt and it carries the same heavy interest and penalties as unpaid property taxes. If you don't pay that water tax, the city can move to foreclose on your home. This has become a major issue for landlords whose tenants didn't pay the utilities. The landlord ends up losing the building because of the tenants unpaid $500 water bill. It is a legal record that stays with the property and can prevent any future sale or transfer. Number seven, the residential redistribution trap. New York City's property tax system is divided into four classes. Class one includes one to three family homes. In 2026, the city had to balance a massive budget gap. Initially, class one homes saw a market value increase that would have triggered a massive tax spike. To prevent a total collapse, the state caps class shifts at 5% per year. However, the 20.63% interim tax rate set for class 1 in 2026 is the highest it has been in decades. Why is this happening? Because commercial properties class 4 are struggling with high vacancy rates in the work from home era. Since the city cannot squeeze more money out of empty office buildings, they are forced to shift the burden to residential homeowners. Even with the 5% cap, the cumulative effect of these annual shifts is devastating. You are essentially paying a subsidy to keep commercial real estate afloat. This leads to a long-term decline in your financial stability as more of your home's potential profit is eaten away by the city's need for cash. Number six, local law 97, carbon fines. If you live in a condo or a co-op in New York City, you're now facing local law 97. This climate legislation set strict carbon emission limits for buildings. In 2026, the first major wave of compliance reports is due. Buildings that exceed their carbon caps face a civil penalty of $268 per metric ton of excess carbon. For the average building, this can translate to a fine of 50 cents per square foot every single month. Most homeowners think this is a building problem, not a homeowner problem, but co-ops and condos pay these fines through special assessments. You will see a new line item on your monthly maintenance bill that could be hundreds of dollars. These fines are not taxdeductible and do not add any value to your home. If your building board fails to file the report by the May 1st deadline, the fines start immediately. This can lead to a legal record of non-compliance for your building, making it nearly impossible for new buyers to get a mortgage to buy into your complex. Number five, the 2% cap override. New York's general municipal law, section 3C, created the 2% tax cap, but the law contains a massive loophole. A municipality can override the cap if 60% of the governing board votes to do so. In 2026, we are seeing a KN gene of overrides across the state. From Livingston County to Nassau, local boards are passing local laws that explicitly authorize them to exceed the 2% limit. Most people ignore these board meetings thinking the state will protect them. The reality is that the state provides the mechanism for the override. Once the board votes, there is no appeal. You might find your property tax increasing by 5%, 8%, or even 12% in a single year. This leads to a rapid erosion of your home equity. In just 3 years of overrides, a homeowner can see their annual bill increase by several thousand. This is government enforcement at its most direct, and it is happening in 2026 because local officials feel they have no other choice. Number four, state- funded cyclical reassessments. New York has introduced an assistance program under Title 9YCR subpart 2013 to encourage local governments to reassess properties on a cyclical basis. This sounds like a good thing, keeping values accurate, but in 2026, many towns haven't reassessed in 20 years. When they finally do, the catch-up hike is massive. If your home was valued at $200,000 in 2005, but is worth $600,000 in 2026, your assessed value, AV, is about to triple. Even if the tax rate stays the same, your total bill will skyrocket. Most people misunderstand this, thinking their taxes only go up if the rate goes up. The AV is the real engine of the tax bill. The state is paying your town to do this because they want more revenue. The long-term impact is a sudden permanent increase in your cost of living that can wipe out your retirement savings in a few short years. Number three, the federal salt deduction trap. The state and local tax salt deduction was a cornerstone of middle class home ownership in New York for generations. After the Trump era cap of $10,000, New York homeowners were hit with a massive increase in their effective tax rate. In 2026, we are in the middle of a complex federal transition. While some caps have been raised to $40,400, these new benefits are being phased out for anyone with a modified adjusted gross income over $500,000. While that sounds like a rich person's problem, in many parts of New York, a dual-income family, like a teacher and a nurse, can quickly approach these thresholds. Furthermore, the 1% annual indexation of the cap is not keeping up with the 8% tax hikes at the local level. You are being bracket crept into a position where more of your income is being taxed by both the state and the federal government. This leads to a loss of financial liquidity making it harder to maintain your property or save for your children's education. Number two, the new foreclosure collection model. For years, New York municipalities would sell tax leans to private investors who would then try to collect the debt. In 2026, a major shift has occurred with legislation like Bill A09116. The state is moving toward a model that prohibits the sale of tax leans to private entities, but in exchange, it has created a more aggressive state-run collection program. The new law establishes a homeowner protection fund, but it also mandates that every municipality adopt a strict model collection program. This program prioritizes fast foreclosure to clear the titles of delinquent properties. If you fall behind in 2026, you won't be dealing with a private company that might offer a payment plan. you will be dealing with a state agency that is legally required to move toward foreclosure. This has accelerated the timeline from years to mere months. If you ignore a court notice today, your home could be owned by the county by the end of the year. This is a total loss of your most valuable asset and it can happen because of a single year of unpaid taxes. Number one, the taxable AV redistribution trap. The most financially damaging risk in 2026 is the taxable assessed value AV redistribution. This is the hidden formula that determines how much of the $ 37.98 billion levy you personally owe. In 2026, the state has allowed for the redistribution of the tax burden from classes 3 and four utilities and commercial onto class one homeowners. Why is this number one? Because it is a structural change that you cannot appeal. You can challenge your individual assessment, but you cannot challenge the class share. If the city decides that homeowners must pay a larger share of the total budget because commercial offices are empty, your taxes will go up even if your home's value stays the same. This is the ultimate drain on your savings. It is a mandatory transfer of wealth from families to the government to cover for the failures of the commercial real estate market. In 2026, this redistribution is expected to cost the average New York homeowner an additional $1,500 to $4,000 per year, every year indefinitely. This is not a fine you pay once. It is a permanent increase in the rent you pay to the state for the privilege of owning your home. It destroys your credit score if you can't pay. It ruins your financial stability and it makes New York home ownership a high-risisk gamble. What is happening right now in 2026? As we stand in the first quarter of 2026, the pressure on New York homeowners has reached a breaking point. We are seeing a mass exodus of middle-class families and retirees moving to states with lower property tax burdens. The tax department is currently reviewing comments on dozens of new rules that will further automate the collection of petroleum taxes, property percentages, and inventory records. The goal is clear. The state is building a high-tech surveillance and collection system that leaves no stone unturned. The no tax on tips and other middle class tax cut proposals at the state level are often revenue neutral, meaning if they cut one tax, they must raise another. Frequently, that other tax is the property tax as it is the hardest to avoid. You can stop working for tips, but you cannot easily move your house. Right now, the New York City Council is considering new legislation to lower the class shift cap even further. But this is a double-edged sword that could lead to higher rates in the long run. The panic you see in the headlines is not an exaggeration. New York in 2026 is a state where your home is under constant financial siege. The lesson for every homeowner is simple. You can no longer afford to be passive. You must check your property assessment every year during grievance day. You must understand your star status and ensure your income remains within the thresholds. Most importantly, you must have an emergency fund specifically for tax increases. The era of 2% predictability is over. We are in the era of the $10,000 mistake. A single missed payment, a single missed assessment challenge, or a single year of ignored board meetings can cost your home and your future. The system is designed to favor the state, not the citizen. You must be the one to protect your sanctuary. If you found this investigation into New York's property tax crisis helpful, please hit the like button and subscribe to our channel for more deep divies into the laws that affect your wallet. Knowledge is your only defense against a system designed to take your savings. Have you seen your taxes jump in 2026? Share your story in the comments below to help warn others. Stay vigilant, New York. Would you like me to create a step-by-step guide on how to officially grieve your property assessment in New York to ensure you aren't paying more than your fair share in 2026?

  Top Comments:
  1. @charlesbusch8739 [6 likes]: Another reason to stay outside New York?
  2. @charlesbusch8739 [5 likes]: Real estate taxes should be illegal if based on FMV, they are taxing your on amounts of income that you never received and may never receive.
  3. @Jordy5698 [3 likes]: Trump should end property taxes nationwide  the Constitution states that land owners cannot be forced to.pay taxes on land that they legally own. This move would end Democrats corruption, property taxes are a piggy bank for Democrat states.
  4. @mrnewbie6683 [2 likes]: Not shocked that New York will lose people to the new rules.
  5. @adinahirschl704 [1 likes]: Get rid of this Moran mayor.
  6. @raymondbutsch [1 likes]: I hope he raises taxes higher than the Empire State building
  7. @rongendron8705: My new real estate taxes just went up a whopping 10% this year alone, 'shattering' the 2% tax cap,
imposed by our previous Gov. Andrew Cuomo, years back. I'm a senior who lost their "enhanced
star" credit a few years ago, by being $500. over the maximum allowed. New York desperately needs
to have a "Proposition 13" amendment, 'slashing' our taxes & forcing NY Govt. to live within its means!
  8. @edwardharrison9714: What a🔥💩🕳️

- This Is The RICHEST Family That OWNS NEW YORK...: Kind: captions Language: en When you think of New York wealth, you likely picture Wall Street bankers in tailored suits trading stocks. But true New York money doesn't just trade the market. It owns the market. It owns the skyline, the media, and the political machine. We are talking about the dynasties that control Hudson Yards, the global beauty industry, and the information flowing to your screens every second. Today, we count down the 12 richest families in New York. From old money publishing barons to the undisputed king of financial data. This is how absolute power operates in the Empire State. Number 12, the Durst family, the kings of concrete. To understand the architecture of New York real estate, you have to look at the foundations laid by Joseph Durst. He arrived in America in 1902 with exactly $3 sewn into his coat. He started as a tailor, but he realized quickly that in a city growing vertically, the people who make the clothes don't get rich. The people who own the buildings do. He purchased his first building in 1915, establishing the Durst Organization. Over the next century, his descendants, notably Seymour and Douglas Durst, transformed that initial investment into a gargantuan portfolio of prime Midtown Manhattan real estate. They did not just buy land, they hoarded it, operating with an incredibly long-term horizon that publicly traded real estate investment trusts simply cannot afford. The Durst family protects its immense wealth through extreme financial conservatism. The real estate industry is notoriously cyclical, filled with highly leveraged developers who go bankrupt the moment interest rates rise. The Dursts famously use very little debt. When recessions hit and other developers are forced to liquidate, the Durst family swoops in, flushed with cash, and buys up distressed assets for pennies on the dollar. Their absolute pinnacle of power was executed at ground zero. Following the tragedy of 9/11, the reconstruction of the World Trade Center site was mired in political gridlock. The Durst organization stepped in, purchasing a massive equity stake in One World Trade Center and taking over the management of the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere. While the public knows the name due to true crime documentaries, they misunderstand the business. The family exised Robert Durst decades ago to protect the institutional integrity of the empire. Worth an estimated 11.2 $2 billion. The Dursts dictate the physical skyline, operating as the quiet landlords of the global elite. Number 11, the Hurst family, the information overlords. William Randolph. Hurst inherited a massive fortune from his father's silver mining operations in the late 1800s. But he knew that raw commodities were vulnerable to market shifts. He pivoted into media, building the largest newspaper chain in the United States and effectively inventing the sensationalist yellow journalism that once shaped American foreign policy. Today, the Hurst Corporation is a sprawling diversified conglomerate overseen by his descendants, including William Randph Hurst III. The true genius of the Hurst wealth is the legal fortress built to protect it, the Hurst family trust. This ironclad structure completely prevents any single heir from selling off pieces of the empire to fund a lavish lifestyle. The trust ensures that the core assets which now include massive stakes in ESPN, hundreds of magazines, and lucrative television stations remain intact, compounding value across generations. While legacy print media struggled in the digital age, the Hurst family executed a brilliant invisible pivot. They didn't panic. They moved into B2B financial and medical data. Today, they own Fitch Group, one of the top three credit rating agencies in the world. They essentially rate the debt of sovereign nations and mega corporations. When people hear the name Hurst, they think of opulent castles or glossy fashion magazines like Harper's Bazaar. But the underlying math of their $21 billion fortune tells a different story. The magazines are just the glamorous storefront. The true untouchable wealth is generated by the highly specialized, incredibly boring subscription data services that banks and hospitals absolutely must buy to function. They traded the printing press for the server farm. Number 10, the Ze family, the financial ghosts. William Ze Jr. inherited a modest publishing company and transformed it into Ze Davis, the undisputed king of niche enthusiast magazines. If you read PC magazine or Car and Driver in the 1980s, you were putting money directly into the Ze family's pockets. William understood that advertisers would pay a massive premium to reach highly targeted, passionate audiences rather than the general public. The Ze family then executed one of the most perfectly timed exits in history. In 1994, right before the internet annihilated the print industry, Ze Jr. sold his empire for $1.4 $4 billion. His three sons, Daniel, Robert, and Durk Ze, took that immense liquid capital and protected it by entirely removing themselves from public operations. They formed Ze brothers Investments, pioneering the modern, ultra- sophisticated family office. The Ze brothers didn't just passively invest in index funds. They became the ultimate apex predators of Wall Street. They operated as seed capitalists, providing the initial billions to launch the careers of legendary hedge fund managers like Bill Aman. They outsource the stress of trading to the hungriest managers while keeping the lion's share of the profits. With a combined net worth currently estimated at over $21 billion, the Ze brothers are essentially financial ghosts. They rarely give interviews and do not operate a consumer-facing company. What the public misunderstands is that the smartest wealth in New York often decides to completely disappear. They morphed from a publishing house into an invisible capital machine. Number nine, the Lauren family. The architects of aristocracy. Ralph Lifchitz, a kid from the Bronx, started his career working out of a single drawer in the Empire State Building, making wide neck ties out of leftover rags. He legally changed his name to Ralph Lauren and founded a brand that didn't just sell clothing. It sold the mythology of the American aristocracy by blending the aesthetic of old money New England prep schools with the rugged romance of the American West. He built a global fashion empire. The Ralph Lauren Corporation is a publicly traded behemoth. But Ralph Lauren protected his family's absolute power by instituting a dualclass share structure. While Wall Street mutual funds and retail investors can buy class A shares, the Lauren family fiercely controls the class B shares, giving them the overwhelming majority of voting rights. No activist investor or hostile corporate raider can ever force Ralph Lauren out of his own company. Ralph Lauren's ultimate power move was entirely psychological. He democratized the aesthetic of the elite. He understood that people don't buy a polo shirt because they need cotton. They buy it because they want to signal status. He licensed his brand across homegoods, fragrances, and restaurants, creating a closed loop lifestyle ecosystem where consumers can sleep, eat, and dress inside the Ralph Lauren illusion. With a family net worth of over 12.7 billion, he built his empire by selling permanence. He engineered a timeless classic aesthetic that is utterly immune to the volatile trend cycles of high fashion. He isn't selling garments. He is selling access to an exclusive country club that anyone can join for the price of a sweater. Number eight, the Ross family, the Metropolis makers. Steven Ross began his career as a tax attorney on Wall Street, organizing syndications for affordable housing. He quickly realized that the real money in New York wasn't in practicing law. It was in utilizing complex government tax incentives to develop physical properties. He founded related companies in 1972, initially focusing on government subsidized housing before aggressively expanding into ultra luxury development. Ross protected his wealth by turning related companies into a fully vertically integrated fortress. They don't just build skyscrapers and walk away. They manage the properties, finance the debt, and own the operating businesses within them. By controlling the entire life cycle of a building, related companies is insulated from the devastating boom and bust cycles that regularly wipe out traditional developers. Steven Ross executed the most ambitious, high-risk real estate play in modern American history, Hudson Yards. He convinced the city to let him build a $25 billion, 28 acre luxury metropolis suspended entirely over a working commuter railard on the west side of Manhattan. He literally manufactured a brand new ultra exclusive neighborhood out of thin air, shifting the geographic center of gravity for New York's corporate elite. Commanding an estimated net worth of 11.6 billion, Ross is far more than a simple landlord. He owns the Miami Dolphins and is a massive investor in luxury lifestyle brands like Equinox and SoulCycle. Hudson Yards is not just real estate. It is a physical consumer funnel. Ross builds the luxury condo, owns the gym at the base of the tower, and curates the restaurants, capturing every single dollar his wealthy tenants spend. Number seven, the Tish family, the civic syndicate. The Tish dynasty began when brothers Lawrence and Preston Tish bought a small winter resort in New Jersey in 1946. They used the cash flow from that single property to embark on a legendary decadesl long acquisition spree. They bought hotels, gained control of Lowe's theaters, and eventually consolidated their holdings into Lowe's Corporation, a massive holding company that operates like a miniaturized version of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway. The Tish family protects its wealth through extreme diversification. Lowe's Corporation controls CNA Financial, Boardwalk Pipelines, and Lowe's Hotels. This is a classic hedging strategy. if the hospitality sector crashes, the energy and insurance dividends keep the family office flooded with liquid cash. While their corporate acquisitions were brilliant, their cultural power move occurred in 1991 when Preston Tish bought a 50% ownership stake in the New York Giants. The NFL is the ultimate American cartel. by owning half of the city's premier football franchise. The Tish family cemented their legacy in the emotional tribal heart of New York's civic identity. If you walk through New York City, you will see the Tish name plastered across the NYU School of the Arts and massive hospital pavilions. They are recognized as elite philanthropists. But what people misunderstand is the brutal, highly efficient corporate machinery required to fund that philanthropy. Their billions aren't made in glamorous tech startups. They are extracted from the highly regulated sectors of commercial insurance and natural gas transport. Number six, the New House family, the private pundits. Samuel Irving. New House started his career as a teenage clerk, eventually taking over a failing newspaper in New Jersey. From that single asset, he built advanced publications. His sons, Sai and Donald New House, inherited the empire and expanded it, [music] turning Conde Nast into the absolute global authority on high culture with titles like Vogue, Vanity Fair, and The New Yorker. The New House family operates with a terrifying level of absolute privacy. They are one of the largest privately held media companies on Earth. Because they do not answer to public shareholders, they can sustain massive short-term losses to maintain the cultural dominance of their magazines. They control the narrative without ever becoming part of it. While the media praised their print magazines, the family quietly executed a brilliant digital move. In 2006, they acquired a massive early stake in Reddit, [music] and they hold a multi-billion dollar stake in Charter Communications, one of America's largest broadband providers. They don't just own the content, they own the pipes that deliver it. When people think of the New House family, they picture the Met Gala and high fashion. But Donald New House, holding an estimated net worth of 15.8 billion, relies on a different engine. The true financial heavy lifting of advanced publications isn't done by Vogue. It is done by their massive network of boring, hyper local regional newspapers and lucrative investments in broadband internet. Number five, the Lauder family. The vanity monopoly. Estee Lauder began her empire in the 1940s, cooking up skin creams in her uncle's kitchen and relentlessly pitching them to high-end beauty salons. She pioneered the gift with purchase marketing strategy, fundamentally altering the beauty industry. Her sons, Leonard and Ronald, took that hustle and transformed the Estee Lauder companies into a global monopoly of vanity. The company is publicly traded, but the Lauder family utilizes a dualclass share structure to maintain absolute control over the voting rights. This structure allows them to execute a relentless acquisition strategy, purchasing independent brands like MAC Cosmetics, Clinique, and Tom Ford Beauty without seeking permission from Wall Street. The Lauder family's ultimate power move was their complete subjugation of the New York art world. Leonard Lauder promised his $1 billion collection of cubist masterpieces to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. This wasn't just a tax write-off. It was a permanent installation of the family name into the highest echelon of American cultural aristocracy. The general public assumes that selling makeup is a frivolous industry. In reality, the Lauder family benefits from the lipstick effect. During recessions, when consumers cannot afford new cars, they still purchase high-end cosmetics as a cheap psychological boost. Worth a combined $20 billion, the Lauers don't just sell face cream. They sell heavily fortified recessionp proof escapism. Number four, the Murdoch family, the global kingmakers. Rert Murdoch inherited a modest Australian newspaper, but his ambitions were global. He systematically conquered the British tabloid market before invading New York. He purchased the New York Post, expanded into television with Fox, and acquired the crown jewel of global finance, the Wall Street Journal. The Murdoch empire is shielded by the infamous Murdoch family trust. This complex legal structure was designed to maintain absolute familial control over News Corp and Fox Corporation. It dictates exactly how the voting shares are distributed among Rert's children, setting the stage for the most publicized corporate succession battle in history. In 2019, Rupert Murdoch executed the trade of the century. He sold 21st Century Fox to Disney for $71 billion. He cashed out of the entertainment business at the absolute peak of its valuation, retaining only the highly lucrative, politically untouchable assets of Fox News and live sports. The public views the Murdoch simply as media executives. But that is a massive underestimation. Operating from their pen houses in Manhattan, the Murdoch, worth over $ 24.2 billion, are political kingmakers. They do not just report on elections. Their networks actively dictate the conservative political narrative of the entire English-speaking world. Number three, the Simons family, the quantum codereers. The late Jim Simons was not a traditional Wall Street trader. He was a brilliant MIT mathematician and a cold war codereaker for the NSA. In the late 1970s, he looked at the financial markets and realized they were not driven by fundamental business value, but by massive chaotic data sets full of hidden patterns. He founded Renaissance Technologies, employing physicists and astronomers instead of finance majors. Renaissance Technologies protects its wealth through the legendary Medallion Fund. It is widely considered the most successful hedge fund in human history. To protect its algorithm from becoming diluted, Simons ruthlessly closed the fund to all outside investors. In 1993, only employees are allowed to invest, creating a perfectly sealed financial ecosystem. The Medallion Fund generated annualized returns of roughly 66% before fees over three decades. By charging exorbitant fees to their own employees and kicking out all external capital, the firm built a legal money printing machine. They completely decoupled their wealth from the traditional Wall Street hustle. Jim Simons proved that traditional investment analysis is irrelevant noise. Managing a family fortune that exceeds $ 32 billion, the Simons family demonstrated that ultimate financial power isn't held by the loudest trader. It is held by the quietest mathematician utilizing supercomputers to harvest [music] billions from human emotional panic. Number two, the Ko family, the private monarchy. Fred Ko invented an efficient method for refining crude oil into gasoline. His sons Charles and David Ko built Ko Industries into a sprawling diversified behemoth. When David Ko passed away, his widow, Julia Ko, inherited his 42% stake, transforming her into the richest woman in New York. The Ko family protects its wealth by remaining fiercely private. Ko Industries generates over $125 billion in annual revenue, but because it is not publicly traded, it never has to file a quarterly earnings report. It is completely immune to the hostile takeovers and activist campaigns that plague public companies. While Ko Industries is headquartered in Kansas, Julia Ko's power move is absolute dominance over New York high society. She didn't just inherit cash. She deployed it strategically, donating $75 million to healthcare in Manhattan and executing massive transactions on billionaires row. When the public hears Ko Industries, they picture oil refineries and Midwestern industrial grit. But Julia Ko, [music] commanding a net worth of over $81.2 billion, controls her empire from the glittering heights of Park Avenue. The true power of the Ko fortune is its sheer terrifying liquidity, allowing the New York branch of the family to operate as an untouchable financial monarchy. Number one, the Bloomberg family, the information Imperium. In 1981, Michael Bloomberg was fired from investment bank Salomon Brothers, but he left with a $10 million severance check. He realized that Wall Street traders were essentially flying blind, manually calculating bond yields with paper and calculators. [music] He used his severance to build the Bloomberg Terminal, a dedicated computer system that delivered realtime financial data directly to the trader's desk. The Bloomberg Terminal is the ultimate unbreakable subscription monopoly. It costs roughly $24,000 a year per user and it does not offer discounts. Traders cannot cancel their subscriptions because the terminal's built-in messaging system is the primary communication network for global finance. If you do not have a Bloomberg terminal, you simply do not exist on Wall Street. It is an entirely inelastic product. Bloomberg's ultimate flex was buying the political machine, self-funding three successful campaigns for mayor of New York City. For over a decade, he essentially ran the financial capital of the world, both politically and financially. Sitting on a personal net worth of $12 billion, Bloomberg is not a media mogul. He sells the speed of information. The old New York families built their wealth on concrete and steel. But Michael Bloomberg built the central nervous system of global capitalism. He doesn't need to trade stocks because [music] he owns the digital infrastructure that makes those trades possible. He is the undisputed king of the empire state. New York is a city that never sleeps, mainly because it is constantly generating wealth for the families on this list. Which of these empires holds the most real power? Let me know down below. If you want to understand who really runs the world, like and subscribe to Global Status.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeonardGalit [13 likes]: Denzel Washington gave a commencement speech at a university in which he said: "You will never see a U-Haul truck behind a hearse."  Baha'u'llah, Prophet-Founder of the Baha'i Faith revealed numerous teachings, one of which is: "Tell the rich of the midnight sighing of the poor." God is the All-Possessing, the Most High. If the mega rich use their wealth for the benefit of others, as well as themselves, they are beneficent. If their wealth becomes a barrier to their spiritual development, they will, in the very long run, find that the wealth has kept them from growing spiritually. The purpose of our lives is to develop virtues, not vices.
  2. @Jimfromearthoo7 [9 likes]: With all these billions of dollars.
Why don’t they contribute to to
there mother- land ?  I always see
commercials about how the old
ppl in there country  are going hungry .
  3. @darriusblack8694 [5 likes]: Pay Taxes.
  4. @bigzclipz5104 [4 likes]: Wow a bunch of people from the Saturn tribe
  5. @PatGrainger-c1o [4 likes]: That’s not the richest 😂😂
  6. @JONATHANBALDW [2 likes]: What do these people think of Mamdani??
  7. @janetcouch5891 [1 likes]: NCSWIC NQTHING WWG1WGAWW GOD WINS 🏆 M
  8. @AbdeljalileElouadey [1 likes]: يجعل الله أيامكم كلها إبتسامة والفرحة والسعادة ويجمعكم بالمحبة والمودة والرحمة والسلام بينكم في طول العمر بالخير والصحة والعافية وراحة البال والمحبة والسلام ونجاح والسعادة والأمل والتفاؤل بانجاح كبير وتطوير وإزدهار في أنحاء العالم 🌎 وللجميع ألاسرتكم امين يارب العالمين 🇲🇦
  9. @GlobalStatusHQ: The elite don't wait in line. 🦅 Upgrade to 'The Investor' tier to watch our videos BEFORE the public. Secure your access: https://bit.ly/member-GlobalStatus
  10. @daily_bie: Bagus, kita rubah seluruh bumi menjadi surga
  11. @karenrae600: Whoop de doo!  It's just zeros. Money doesn't buy happiness. We all have God given gifts. Theirs happen to be knowing how to make money.
  12. @tommytwotone81: I have never laughed as hard in my life as when the narrator said “ the politically untouchable, Fox News” I’m still laughing. That’s so funny.. is it untouchable because the Democrats have it so locked up that nobody else can get a point across? That must be what they’re saying because it is definitely 100% biased and one-sided.
  13. @tonydiaz2541: Billie Eilish wants to have a word with you.
  14. @marshamindu9696: Very few good looking people on the list. I hope the younger generation look better
  15. @brooklyn_tj: The real question is, how many of them are Israeli agents?
  16. @davidwhite-i5y: These are Trumps people & that's why he gave them a tax cut
  17. @marksmith5753: Bet their pissed their investments are going down the tubes
  18. @JohnC-pt1iw: Congratulations more ahead
  19. @Davecranberry73: Must be nice to not have money problems being alive!
  20. @Rtik8789: all jews. that's why America is Israel's puppet 😆😆

- Inside New York's Richest Town: Kind: captions Language: en If you want to see how the elites of Wall Street live, then you need to come to Scarsdale, New York. Honestly, the education of second to none. If you live here, you live closer to a lot of Manhattan than people who live in like Brooklyn, right? It's very quaint and it's very different. A suburb 12 miles north of New York City, Scarsdale is the richest town in the state of New York with the highest average income of any town in the country. It also has a walkable downtown, a public high school that looks like a college, and gorgeous neighborhoods that lack the gates and hedges of other rich towns we visited, like Atherton, California and Palm Beach, Florida. We went to Scarsdale to see what Wall Street's favorite suburb is really like. Is this the American dream or a Truman Show style illusion? [Music] Our Scarsdale visit started at a French-Israeli bakery called Martine's, where we met up with the Roka Reader and local real estate agent named Jack Flanard. So, this is a quiet cul-de-sac in Scarsdale with multi-million-dollar houses. I would say this is many people's perception of the American dream. Two luxury cars parked out front, pool in the back, kids at the top high school. Jack first showed us the train station, which is central to Scarsdale's identity, geography, and history as a bedroom community. Um, but the railroad here started in and then suburbanization started to really pick up in I think like the 1890s were like deliberately built and like marketed as like the executives like dream estate. You can tell Scarsdale's old simply by walking its downtown. Its Tudor style architecture unified the town and gave it a historic feel. We talked to some of the shop owners to learn about life in Scarsdale and its residents. >> Scarsdale is the best village in the United States, the wealthiest village. >> by income, it's wealthiest town in the country. >> It is. It is. Yeah, it's crazy. That's got to be good for >> only because it's it's finance. We're in New York City, it's finance. It's it's not because your Joe Schmo 9-to-5 job, you know? I mean, they're breaking their asses to be to have what they have. We We see we have a village, that's the key. It's a village. Um, the young people have to learn a little bit more to support their village and not buy so much online because when we're not here, you don't have a town. And everyone's like, "New Yorkers aren't nice." Everyone's so nice here. >> Oh, we are. New York is all very nice. We may not have patience, but we're nice. Yeah, yeah, that's a good You know? Now, Scarsdale is a nice place to walk around, but so is New York City and nothing makes walking here better than the Raycon Essential Open Earbuds. These earbuds allow you to stay aware of your surroundings, which is important in New York, while still listening to your favorite music or podcasts. I didn't This This is on shuffle. I didn't pick that. That's right, the sponsor of this video is Raycon. Not only do I use Raycon's Essential Open Earbuds while walking the streets of New York City, but also while editing this video. Unlike other earbuds that turn you into a zombie totally unaware of your surroundings, Raycon's earbuds keep your ears open while still delivering crystal clear sound. Supporting Raycon is supporting this channel and if you want to get their open earbuds 30% off, click the link in the description box or go to buyraycon.com/rokanewsopen. That's right, buyraycon.com/rokanewsopen to get 30% off the Essential Open Earbuds. Thank you, Raycon. Now, back to Scarsdale. Wall Street does loom large in Scarsdale. New York City has a GDP of $1.3 trillion, the size of Saudi Arabia's, and most of that is from its financial sector. Much of that wealth has spilled out into the suburbs and none more than Scarsdale. The town residents do indeed work their asses off. With an average household income of over $600,000, Scarsdale is the highest-earning town in the country and most of the people work in finance. As Wall Street wealth exploded post-World War II and into the '80s, Scarsdale became one of the most coveted suburbs in the country. Decades later, it still has the rhythm of a bedroom community whose heartbeat remains the arriving and departing trains, like these in the early evening. Okay, so now people are getting off the train from New York City and they all look really tired. Although these people may look tired, the trains here run into the wee hours of the morning. So, these were the lucky ones. But what homes do they go to? Scarsdale's neighborhoods were our next stop. All right, tell us about this guy. It last sold for 7 and 1/2 million dollars in 2013. The 1907 Colonial has a 60-ft pool with a cabana and a pool house and the interior photos are just spectacular. Dude, they're going to shoot the next Knives Out here. Look at this. This is Like I said, I went to preschool here and I remember was driving us around the grounds and like drove us to in my 4-year-old mind like the craziest playhouse ever. >> Yeah. Cuz I think it was the size of a normal house. This is the most expensive home currently in the Scarsdale school district. It's on for just shy of 10 million dollars. It has more than 8,000 square feet. It is literally a mansion. >> A few things you notice about the property, the lot size to actual house size is like a very classy. It's not like a McMansion where it's a giant house. Also, one thing you know about rich towns is they love these Belgian blocks here. Just a little flair. All right, so we're going to do a guess how much this house cost game. This is six beds, seven bath. The answer, 11. 10.6. Okay. This right here feels like quintessential. Scarsdale Scarsdale. Look at this. So nice, beautiful lawn, open. This is the American dream. It is. >> We stopped by what we thought was the most expensive neighborhood in town. Spoiler, it wasn't and met a lady who grew up there. My My first car was a Cadillac Escalade. Like SUV. Yeah, yeah. Um, so it's just it's always been like wealthy. Here, like how do a lot of people make their money? Um, a lot of people are in finance, finance, law, and medicine. Can I just put your parents then? Um, well, my parents were entrepreneurs. They had regular jobs, but they got their wealth from their side hustles. A lot of side hustles. Yeah, yeah, they were owners. They owned a recording studio, schools, uh, bodega, Carvel. And you get that small town feel, like a village feel, without being cramped and up on top of each other. And then in 30 minutes, it's total chaos. >> Quintessential, yeah. Is Is it a good place to have dogs? Yeah, dogs, kids, I mean, I the list goes on. Honestly, the education second to none. Definitely the people here are blessed and and fortunate, but the youth has way more than what we had. Like we were blessed, housekeeper, this thing, that thing, but it's like even more. Yeah. They've kind of keep up with the Joneses through the social media. With like a hundred dollar bill taped to your pants, no one would take it. A hundred dollars is petty cash. We should mention that the town also has some affordable housing. All right, so one thing about Scarsdale is they do have some multi-family units. Like in this building right here, you can rent for about 3,400 a month. Some units go for less, like 2,700 and you can buy for under a million. So, if you're wondering why there are such mansions, but its median home values are around 2 million, this is why. They also have many multi-family units. But just a few miles from these apartments are these stunning estates. Okay, so we lied, there is a richer part of Scarsdale. This house right here is crazy. It's uh, 1 Duck Pond Road, just under 17,000 square feet and it's pending for just under 10 million dollars, but that means it it could have also sold for more than the asking price. >> We were driving along here and we saw all these just huge houses, the biggest we've seen yet in Scarsdale and they're the most private. So, this is like a whole 'nother level of wealth, probably where some of the celebrities or big financial types live. The more private the house, the richer the owner. All right, so the estimate for this house right here is 9 million dollars. It has some giant modern art sculptures. And again, this is the highest end wealth in Scarsdale. Stunning here. We had to stop by its prestigious public high school and also one of the town's synagogues. Scarsdale High School is ranked one of the top public high schools in America and it's not hard to see why. It's unbelievable. >> Yeah, the classic architecture. I think people also if you if you were to put this in a foreign movie, everyone would be like, "American high school." Yeah, yeah. What was the reputation of Scarsdale High School in the area? Uh, smart, um, wealthy. Edgemont, of course, has better sports. So, their mascot, home of the Raiders. You say they call them something different though. Home of the corporate raiders. >> Corporate raiders. And here their state championship sports, girls golf, field hockey, girls flag football. I didn't even think that was a sport. Uh, tennis, tennis, soccer, tennis, soccer. So, definitely richer sports. >> This parking lot is not your typical public high school parking lot. You've got a Jeep, a Jeep, a Jeep, a Beamer, and a Jeep. And we're walking along here and you're seeing Beamer and all these different kinds of luxury vehicles. But this appears to be the official car. Scarsdale High School has sent 63 kids to Harvard over the last 15 years, making it one of the 20 biggest feeder schools in the country to Harvard, including one of just two non-magnet public schools, the other being in Massachusetts. So, Scarsdale High School is like an elite academy. I mean, think of the other schools on the list, Deerfield Academy, Andover, Exeter, and then of course, Scarsdale High School, public high school. And my guess is their football team is not exactly top 10 in the country. Hope I didn't say that too loud. But here they are practicing. What's uh Is Scarsdale's football team good? We're varsity, so we're good. Pretty good? Oh, yeah. We're coming up. We're on the come up. There you go. What's Scarsdale's best sport? Soccer. Soccer? We won states last year, right? Wow. Two years ago. What is the Scarsdale rep like at the high school? >> Best rep in America. Best rep in America? Yeah, and if you put that on the YouTube, you look like Johnny Manziel. Right? I look like Johnny Manziel? Before we go to the synagogue, however, please make sure to subscribe to this channel. The reason we're doing this video is because we like to hold a mirror to all of America. And if you support that mission, please hit subscribe. Now, back to Scarsdale. Mazel Tots. Look at that, the name of their preschool, Mazel Tots. All right, so where are we right now? Uh we're at Scarsdale synagogue. Wow. Yeah. Beautiful, beautiful building here. And you were saying that there are a lot of Jewish people in Scarsdale. Is that correct? >> Yeah, I would say it's probably about a third of Scarsdale would be Jewish. Growing up in the area, I went to as many bar and bat mitzvahs as I did like sweet 16s. Yeah. The Jewish presence in Scarsdale was notable because the only dirt we could find on the town's history was that two famous Nazi sympathizers lived here during World War II. One was German ambassador Gerard Westrick, and the other was oil magnate William Rhodes Davis who provided oil to the Nazis and worked with the German to try to unseat anti-German politicians like FDR. But after he died, Scarsdale still got some bad headlines. In 1961, it made national news for denying a Jewish convert to Christianity entry into one of its country clubs. So, to hear that it's a third Jewish today was surprising and shows it's left this dark past behind. But it's not just Jewish residents that make Scarsdale a surprisingly non-Waspy neighborhood. It also has a large Japanese population. Especially Japan, China, India. >> connection, that's interesting. >> a great I love it. So, what Why do you so many Japanese people come here? So, back in the '80s, uh when Japan was the second largest economy, now I think it's third or fourth, um a lot of Japanese firms were opening offices in New York and sending their like rising executives to New York to to get training. And New York in the '80s wasn't great, so the they wanted to live somewhere like safe where they could raise their family. It got on the map. And uh since then, a lot of Japanese firms like have bought homes or At my high school in Eastchester, we were even lucky to have like a Japanese PTA. And there's like a specialty Japanese grocery store and like a nice little community >> Yeah. Wow. The case that Scarsdale's the perfect town comes down to this. It's extremely safe. It has incredible public schools with one of America's best high schools. Its town is walkable and comprised of almost exclusively local shops. And its neighborhoods are both beautiful and open. The case against it is simpler. It's insanely expensive and available to only those who have achieved the American dream or whose parents did. So, with that, we left Scarsdale. The next richest town we visited is Wayzata in Minnesota where we got quite a boat tour. Stay tuned for that. Thank you so much for watching, and please don't forget to subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rocanews [25 likes]: 🎧Go to BUYRAYCON.com/RocaNewsOpen to get 30% off!
🌊Thanks for watching our latest "Richest" video!  Where should we go next for the series?
  2. @mpt2878 [1 likes]: how do they even commute?
  3. @emilypappalardi6817 [1 likes]: this is where that Creep lived Robert Durst too bad he got away with beheading 1 man & got caught when he was an old man & died old no justice ROT IN HELL
  4. @DefiantEvenings: I live here and its neighboring cities.. it's just ok. there are many bougie spots in westchester
  5. @itstonycia: not the prettiest town
  6. @workingtaxpayer1201: These wealthy people should be happy to pay a 5% wealth tax to help out the politicians and the needy…
  7. @WandaWyatt-kr8rl: 2:18 I love that she has her NY accent, you don't hear it as much these days
  8. @eileenburke1278: You would have to pay 
Anything between 30 to 40 million for houses that size in France ' 10 million quite cheap
  9. @Mr.HarryWild: Scarsdale is not the wealthiest town in NY!👎  It a high income working class town!😮
  10. @joselovelife8636: israeli french LOL
  11. @ElimanGibba: Very educational.
  12. @AbibBoudab: 👍
  13. @welcometothewoodspodcast: Great video
  14. @Lily-rx2cr: 6:08 Don't leave it hanging. I learned today there are neighborhoods in a town and they are not the same thing
  15. @Lily-rx2cr: I didn't know the rich accent existed outside of movies 😭
  16. @RonnyTheGamer: As a Westchester native we call Scarsdale “Old Money”
  17. @angelateichmann8472: It’s very beautiful God Bless the people that live there. But they work hard and earned it. Very smart people.
  18. @jnfe: I'm from Westchester (Bedford Hills). Scarsdale is a little too close to the city for us.
  19. @marciazapata8031: Rich People  are distant  from real life......
  20. @sheilakaur2025: is it good if you have 'affordable housing' near rich areas? doesn't the imbalance make it harder to trust one another. I am shocked that you are allowed to point out their private property like that, in singapore, you would not be allowed to do that. we can enter those streets and walk around but no filming and taking pics, your laws do not seem to protect the rich much.

- This Is The RICHEST Family That OWNS MANHATTAN...: Kind: captions Language: en Manhattan isn't just a city. It is a vault. Behind the neon lights of Time Square and the glass cliffs of Billionaires Row, the island is not owned by corporations, but by dynasties. These are the families who don't pay rent. They collect it. They bought the land before the skyscrapers were built, and they wrote the zoning laws that allowed them to rise. From the invisible family that owns the ground under Saks Fth Avenue to the dynasty that rebuilt the World Trade Center, we are tracking down the true landlords of New York. Number 10, the Resnik family, the steady hand. Most people assume that to win in New York real estate, you have to be loud. You have to put your name in gold letters on the front of the building and fight with the tabloids. But the Resnik family proves that silence is often more profitable than fame. Founded by Jack Resnik in 1928, this family built an empire on a simple, unglamorous principle. Hold on to everything. In the roaring 20s, while others were speculating on wild stock market returns, Jack Resnik was buying small Bronx walk-ups. He understood early that in a city with finite land, the person who holds the deed holds the power. While other developers were flipping properties or leveraging themselves into bankruptcy during the 1980s and the 2008 financial crashes, the Resnik stood still. They focused on acquiring prime office space and residential towers and simply never letting them go. This buy and hold strategy is the real estate equivalent of Warren Buffett's philosophy, but applied to steel and concrete. Today run by Jonathan Resnik, Jack Resnik and Sons controls over 5 million square ft of commercial space. Their portfolio includes the iconic 1 Seapport Plaza, a glimmering tower that defines the South Street Seapport skyline. But their genius isn't just in the glass towers, [music] it's in the dirt. They bought land in neighborhoods like Hudson Square and Tribeca decades before they became trendy, effectively futureproofing their fortune. When they acquired 315 Hudson Street, the area was a manufacturing district, a place for printing presses and warehouses, not ad agencies and tech [music] firms. Today, thanks to the reszoning and the migration of creative industries like Google and Disney, to the area, that boring warehouse space has transformed into some of the most expensive office square footage in the city. Their wealth is estimated in the low billions, but their influence is instability. In a city of gamblers, the Resnik are the house. They carry low debt, maintain high occupancy, and weather the storms that sink their flashy competitors. They remind us that the first rule of Manhattan real estate isn't buy low, sell high. It's buy low and never sell. Number nine, the Rose family, the residential rulers. If you have ever lived in a luxury rental in New York, there is a high probability you have written a check to the Rose family. For over 90 years, Rose Associates has defined how wealthy New Yorkers live. Founded by brothers David and Samuel Rose in the 1920s, this family took a different path from the office obsessed tycoons, they looked at the skyline and realized that while people might work in glass boxes, they want to sleep in limestone fortresses. The family's history is tied to some of the most ambitious housing projects in the city's history. They were the original developers of huge swaths of the Upper East Side, bringing high-rise luxury to neighborhoods that were previously dominated by town houses. They were also heavily involved in the management of Stivosent Town Peter Cooper Village, a complex so large it has its own zip code and its own power grid. Today, under the leadership of Amy Rose, one of the few women to lead a major dynasty, they manage over 14,000 units. But their power move was the transformation of downtown. They saw the financial district, which used to be a ghost town after 5:00 p.m. and bet heavily on turning old office buildings into luxury apartments. One of their crown jewels is 70 Pine Street. This building is an art deco masterpiece originally built as the headquarters for CIT GO and later AIG. It stands as the third tallest building in lower Manhattan, topped by a stunning limestone spire that resembles a snowcapped mountain. When the Rose family took it over, they didn't just repaint the walls. They executed a massive complex adaptive reuse project, turning 66 floors of offices into ultra luxury rentals. They didn't just renovate a building. They rebranded a neighborhood by adding a high-end market, a Michelin starred restaurant saga on the top floors, and hotel style amenities. They proved that Wall Street could be a place to live, not just work. The Rose family wealth is harder to track than public companies because they often operate as managers and partners. But their footprint is undeniable. They control the most intimate space in the city, the place where you sleep. Number eight, [music] the Zechondorf family, the luxury kings. There is rich and then there is Zechonorf rich. This family is responsible for creating the modern standard of the ultra luxury condo. If you see a building where a penthouse sells for $100 million, the Zeonorfs probably built it. The family dynasty began with William Zeondorf Senior, a man so flamboyant he owned the land the United Nations stands on today. He was a larger than-l life character who would travel in a limousine with a license plate that simply read WZ. But he famously lost his fortune, leaving the family to rebuild from the ashes. The modern fortune was solidified by his grandsons, Arthur and William Lie Zeondorf. They redeemed the family name by making one of the boldest bets in real estate history. Their masterpiece is 15 Central Park West. When they built this limestone tower in 2008, critics said they were crazy. The site was formerly the Mayflower Hotel, a slightly run-down property on a very expensive block. They spent billions to acquire the land and build a pre-war style building from scratch, hiring the legendary architect Robert AM Stern. They didn't want glass. They wanted limestone, marble, and permanence. They traveled to the same quaries that supplied the Empire State Building to ensure the facade had the correct shade of New York beige. The gamble paid off. 15 Central Park West, nicknamed the Limestone Jesus by brokers for its miraculous ability to command high prices, became the most successful residential building in the history of the world. It broke every sales record. Hedge fund managers, celebrities like Denzel Washington and Sting, and foreign oligarchs fought to get in. The building generated over $2 billion in sales almost immediately. One penthouse famously sold to Russian billionaire Dimmitri Ribolovv for $88 million. At the time, the most expensive transaction in New York history. The Zechonorfs didn't stop there. They went on to build 520 Park Avenue, another billionaire silo catering to the global elite. Their power lies in their rolodex. They know exactly what the top 0.01% of the world wants, and they build it. While other developers worry about affordable housing mandates, the Zechondorfs are worrying about whether the marble in the lobby was quarried from the same mountain as the Pantheon. Number seven, the Fiser family. The Quiet Giants. The Fiser brothers are the submarines of New York real estate. You don't see them coming, but they carry massive firepower. The dynasty began in 1915, founded by Martin Fiser, who started building brick homes in Queens. But as the generations passed, the ambition scaled up vertically. By the midentth century, the Fisers were building massive office towers in Midtown Manhattan. Their portfolio is a list of corporate fortresses. 299 Park Avenue, 6053rd Avenue, and 1,345 Avenue of the Americas. These are not vanity projects. They are the engine rooms of corporate America. These buildings house the headquarters of major banks, law firms, and hedge funds. If you walk down 6th Avenue, you are walking in the shadow of the Fiser family. The Fiser family's wealth is protected by a strategy of extreme liquidity. Unlike other developers who leverage themselves to the hilt, the Fisers are known for keeping massive cash reserves. When the market crashes, they don't panic, they go shopping. This conservative financial management has allowed them to survive the Great Depression, [music] the 1970s fiscal crisis, and the 2008 recession without losing a single major asset. But their real influence is political and civic. The family has deep ties to the city's unions and political infrastructure. Perhaps their greatest contribution to the city isn't a skyscraper, but a ship. Zachary Fischer, one of the second generation brothers, personally saved the USS Intrepid from the Scrapyard in the 1970s. He poured millions of his own money into converting the aircraft carrier into the Intrepid Sea, Air and Space Museum, which now sits on the Hudson River. Kenneth Fischer and Winston Fiser are major players in the city's philanthropic and civic circles today. They also run the Fiser House Foundation, which builds comfort homes for military families. They don't just own the buildings. They sit on the boards that decide where the subway lines go and how the city is zoned. Their status symbol isn't a building. It's a 150 ft yacht often seen docked near their properties. But in the boardroom, their status is confirmed by the fact that they manage over 10 million square ft of prime Manhattan real estate. They are the landlords of the establishment. Number six, the Malcolm family. The keepers of the icon. Owning a skyscraper is impressive. Owning the skyscraper is a different level of power entirely. The Malcolm family controls the Empire State Building. For decades, the ownership of the Empire State Building was a tangled mess of leases, subleasases, and feuding partners. The building was technically owned by a syndicate of thousands of small investors, while the land was owned by others, and the lease was held by partners that included the legendary Harry Helmsley and [music] later Donald Trump. But the Malcin family, led by Anthony Malcin, fought a yearslong war to consolidate control and bring the building public. This was not a polite boardroom negotiation. It was a siege. When the Helmsley estate wanted to cash out after Leona Helmsley's death, Anthony Malcin proposed consolidating the building into a publicly traded company. In 2013, they launched the Empire State Realy Trust, ES SRT, A R E I T, that trades on the New York Stock Exchange. This move was controversial. Many of the old school investors, some of whom had inherited shares from their grandparents, sued to stop it. They argued that the IPO would dilute their ownership and that Malcolin was prioritizing his own control. But Malcolin forced the IPO through, valuing the portfolio at over $4 billion. The genius of the Malcolin family was realizing that the Empire State Building isn't just office space. It's a tourist trap. The observation deck alone generates over $100 million a year in pure profit. It is one of the most profitable tourist attractions in the world, effectively subsidizing the office space below. While other landlords worry about vacancy rates, the Malcans are worrying about the line at the ticket counter. Anthony Malcin has since modernized the building, retrofitting it to be eco-friendly and attracting tenants like LinkedIn and Shuttertock. He took a dusty aging icon and turned it into a tech campus in the sky. The Malcolm wealth is tied to the stock market now, which gives them liquidity that other families lack. But their status is immovable. As long as that building stands at 34th and 5th, the Malcon name is etched into the skyline. Number five, the Ruden family. The tech landlords. The Rudens are the bridge between old New York and [music] new tech. Founded by Samuel Ruden in 1925, the family motto has always been, "We don't sell, they build, they buy, and they hold." This philosophy has amassed them a portfolio of 16 office towers and 18 apartment buildings. But under the leadership of Bill Ruden, the family pivoted. They looked at their portfolio of aging office buildings and realized that the future wasn't in law firms. [music] It was in technology. They were the first major landlords to fully embrace the wired building concept. In the mid 1990s, when the internet was still a novelty, they took an empty building at 55 Broad Street and pumped it full of fiber optic cables and broadband capacity. They launched it as the New York Information Technology Center. This single building helped launch Silicon Alley, proving that tech companies could thrive in Manhattan, not just in California garages. They also developed the Greenwich Lane in the West Village, a luxury condo project that replaced the old Saint Vincent's Hospital. This was a highly sensitive project. St. Vincent was a beloved institution famous for treating Titanic survivors and AIDS patients. The community was fiercely opposed to its demolition. The Rudens navigated the political minefield with grace, preserving historic facades while building ultramodern residences behind them. This project alone was a billiondoll windfall, selling out to celebrities and CEOs who wanted the charm of the village with the amenities of a hotel. Their greatest asset, however, is 345 Park Avenue, a massive slab of prime real estate that serves as their headquarters. The Ruddens are also the fixers of New York. Bill Rudden is often the first call the mayor makes when the city needs help from the business community. They chair the association for a better New York, ABNY. They are the diplomats of the real estate world, smoothing over the cracks between the public sector and private wealth. While other families fight in court, the Rudens are usually cutting ribbons. Their net worth is estimated at over $5 billion, but their social capital is priceless. Number four, the Spire family, the Lords of Rockefeller. If you want to understand ambition, look at Jerry Spire. He didn't just inherit a portfolio. He bought the heart of the city. Tishman Spire is one of the largest real estate owners in the world, but their crown jewel is Rockefeller Center. In 1996, Jerry Spire and his partners bought the Rockefeller Center complex for $1.2 billion. At the time, people thought he was overpaying. The complex was aging, the retail was struggling, and the underground concourse was dingy. Saw what others missed. He realized that Rockefeller Center was the town square of the world. He gutted the retail, brought in high-end tenants, and reopened the observation deck, top of the rock, which had been closed for decades. He turned a prestigious address into a money printing machine. By reconnecting the underground concourse and revitalizing the plaza, he increased the value of the property exponentially. But the Spire story also has its scars. In 2006, they led a group that bought Stivent Town for a record-breaking $5.4 $4 billion. It was an aggressive bet that they could convert middle-class apartments into luxury rentals. It failed. The 2008 crash hit and in 2010 they defaulted on the debt, handing the keys back to the lenders. It was one of the largest real estate defaults in history. Yet, the family bounced back with incredible resilience. They are the developers behind the massive MetLife building [music] which they bought for $1.7 billion and major projects in Long Island City. Rob Spire, the current CEO, has continued the aggressive expansion. They are not just landlords. They are global asset managers. They raise money from pension funds and sovereign wealth funds to buy [music] entire neighborhoods in Shanghai, London, and Brazil. But in New York, their power is visible every December when they light the Christmas tree. That isn't a public park. That is the Spy family's front lawn. Their estimated personal net worth is in the billions, but the assets they control exceed $60 billion. They are the family that corporate America pays rent to. Number three, the Leaf family. The cities within cities. Most developers build buildings. The leafracks build zip codes. The Leafra organization led by Richard Lerrack is one of the largest private landlords in the United States. Their wealth is conservative, massive and rooted in the idea of scale. The family fortune was built by Samuel Lfrack, a man who famously said, "I serve the mass, not the class." While the Zechondorfs were building for billionaires, Lefrack was building for the middle class. His signature project was Lafra City in Queens, a massive complex of 20 apartment towers housing over 15,000 people. It was a city within a city with its own security stores and infrastructure. But the family's greatest coup was Newport in Jersey City. [music] In the 1980s, Richard Lefrack looked across the Hudson River and saw abandoned rail yards, rotting peers, and industrial decay. He bought hundreds of acres for pennies on the dollar. People thought he was insane to try to build a luxury community in what was then a desolate part of New Jersey. Today, Newport is a gleaming skyline of its own with office towers, high-rise apartments, and malls. It is effectively the sixth burrow of New York City, and the Lefrack family owns almost all of it. They built the roads, the sewers, and the parks. They created a tax base where there was none. In Manhattan, they are major players as well, owning Gateway Plaza in Battery Park City. Richard Lfrack's net worth is estimated at over $6 billion. But the liquidity of the family is legendary. Because they tend to hold assets for decades and carry low debt, they are insulated from the market cycles that destroy other developers. The leftrack strategy is simple. Buy land by the mile, not the foot. Number two, the Goldman family. The invisible monopoly. You have probably never heard of Saul Goldman. You have probably never heard of his daughter, Jane Goldman. And that is exactly how they want it. But if you walk down any street in Manhattan, you are likely walking past a building they own. Solo Management, the firm controlled by the Goldman family, owns the largest portfolio of privately held real estate in New York City. We are talking about over 400 properties. Saul Goldman was a legendary dealmaker in the 1960s and 70s. He was a compulsive buyer. He would buy anything. Ground leases, town houses, office buildings, parking garages. He didn't care about the condition of the building. He cared about the land underneath it. At the height of his power, he owned more of New York than anyone else. When he died in 1987, his empire was plunged into a massive legal battle. His aranged wife sued for a larger share of the estate, leading to one of the most expensive divorce/probate battles in New York history. Eventually, his daughter Jane took the reigns. She has quietly grown the fortune into a behemoth. The Goldman portfolio is unique because it isn't just skyscrapers. [music] They utilize a powerful tool called the ground lease. For example, they own the land under the Grammarcy Park Hotel. Recently, when the hotel operator stopped paying rent, Solo evicted them. They also own the ground under the flagship Saks Fifth Avenue store. They own the dirt that other billionaires build their towers on. This ground lease strategy is brilliant. They let other people spend the money to build the building and manage the tenants. The Goldman's just collect the rent for the land. It is arguably the safest, most passive income stream in the world. Jane Goldman is the only female billionaire running a real estate firm in America with a net worth estimated at $3 billion personally, but the family assets are worth exponentially more, likely in the tens of billions. They are the invisible hand of Manhattan. They don't need to put their name on the building because they own the pavement you're standing on. Number one, the Durst family, the spire of power. At the top of the food chain sits the Durst family. They are the synthesis of everything we have discussed. The scale, the history, the tragedy, and the ultimate symbol of power. The Durst organization, currently led by Douglas Durst, controls over 13 million square ft of premier Manhattan office space. The dynasty began in 1915 with Joseph Durst, a tailor from Austria who arrived with $3 in his pocket. But it was his son, Seymour Durst, who began the aggressive assembly of land in Midtown Manhattan. Seymour was famous for his patience. [music] He would secretly buy up small brownstones and delies one by one over the course of 20 years until he owned the entire block. He was also a civic agitator, famously installing the national debt clock near Time Square to shame the government into fiscal responsibility. This patience allowed them to build their corporate monuments. one Bryant Park, the Bank of America Tower, and four Times Square, the Conde Nast Building. These buildings transformed Time Square from a Sidi district into a corporate hub. The Bank of America Tower, in particular, set a new standard for green skyscrapers, being the first in its class to achieve lead platinum certification. But their status as number one is cemented by a single asset, One World Trade Center. When the Port Authority was struggling to rebuild the World Trade Center site after 9/11, they needed a private partner who had the money, the muscle, and the credibility to get the job done. They called the Dursts. In 2010, the Durst organization acquired a 10% equity stake in the property and took over the management and leasing. By putting their name on the Freedom Tower, they effectively became the landlords of the Western Hemisphere's tallest building. It was the ultimate status signal. The family wealth is estimated at over $8 billion, but their story is also one of darkness. The family was haunted for decades by the saga of Robert Durst, the estranged brother of Douglas, who was accused and eventually convicted of murder. The HBO documentary The Jinx exposed the family's internal rifts to the world. It showed the brutal reality of dynasty dynamics. Douglas had to protect the business from his own brother, eventually testifying against him. Yet, despite the tabloid scandals, the Durst business machine never faltered. They continue to build, lease, and dominate. They own the skyline's most visible peak. When you look at New York City from a plane, the first thing you see is the spire of one world trade. And that spire belongs to the Dursts. They are the family that proves that in New York, land is thicker than blood. While hedge funds rise and fall and tech billionaires move to Miami, these dynasties remain anchored in bedrock. They remind us that the true power in New York isn't about the money you make this year. It's about the land you hold forever. Who do you think has the most influence? Let us know in the comments. And don't forget to like and subscribe to Global Status for more investigations into the world's elite.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GlobalStatusHQ [25 likes]: In the world of the 0.1%, access is everything. 🗝 Unlock early video releases and premium perks by becoming a member: https://bit.ly/member-GlobalStatus
  2. @oceancat0450 [3 likes]: I wish my grandparents would’ve been starting businesses in the 1920s.
All of these families are OLD money.
  3. @claudiucorneliu8375 [3 likes]: I knew Sylvan and Seymore Lawrence family  with lots o real estate in New York.
  4. @Rich-lu6pd [2 likes]: Mandani is eyeing up their wallets! 💵👀
  5. @NGCS-ej4lz [1 likes]: The Tiny Hat Mafia are 2% of the population and 50% of the Billionaires.
  6. @ArdenFalkner: thank..
  7. @kathieharine5982: Manhattan has become a dump.
  8. @paulsmith3994: who had the right to sell gods land to these fools. it belongs to no one. a tsunami would prove that in a flash. what a strange reality we live in. The illusion that any of us owns anything is ridiculous.
  9. @NickyIoannidis-r6b: MANHATTAN. UNITED NATIONS TERRITORY. YOUR THEFTS OF FILM STUDIOS IN ACQUIRING YOUR WEALTH FROM UN CITIES AND STATE OF WORLD EMERGENCY CENTRES. THATS A LIE. NO MANHATTAN IN 1928. PROCEEDS OF CRIME WILL BE CLAWED BACK INTERGENERATIONALLY. ALL BUILDINGS WILL NOW BE RETRIEVED.
  10. @DanielleA2023: TAX the psychopaths, narcissists and pedophiles
  11. @ahwhite2022: See Eye Tee Go. 😂
  12. @justkeepswimming6364: I don’t trust them
  13. @kaan1969: These are public, transparent, low key families there are also South American drug Cartels that run trillion $ business, Saudi monarchy owned Aramco with worth 1.5.000.000.000.000 $ and there are completely secret invisible people that govern the planet with wealth beyond comprehension. I know 1 family in Turkey never under spotlight never in tabloids never in economical forums that has unimaginable fortune. Secondly, those who recite "Greed, inequality, poverty" etc.blah blah if your ancestors made a fortune like this -rightfully or undeservingly-would u give away all the assets money properties to poor people or try to keep them with all your might and main? Answer this honestly, it's easy to be moralist & sanctimonius when billions are not at stake..
  14. @NGCS-ej4lz: Ernst Zundel warned you all, so did Jonathan Bowden.
You've never heard of them because the Tiny Hat Mafia own your media and social media, they just bought TikTok furthering their censorship...of you.
  15. @russianprincess3673: MOST RESPECTFULLY FROM RUSSIAN VIEWER JEW MONEY FINANCED GEORGE WASHINGTON N THE A, ERIKAN REVOLUTION YULIYA DIGITAL NOMAD 🇷🇺 ☦️
  16. @LucidHandle: Thanks to the Montgomery County Police Department. Our family will now one more than 800 million, but I would not live in NY even if u paid me
  17. @edesjar: This video literally has no substance to it at all just a bunch of fluff
  18. @maverick190261: Odor
  19. @YuriyBestuzhev: They are not people and never were and never will be - but it is they who do not understand this that will stop them.  S K H
  20. @xavierxinkle-r2j: The Rockefeller family owns more real estate in nyc than all these combined

- The Family That Broke News: Kind: captions Language: en This is Wo County Courthouse. Inside are Rupert Murdoch, four of his children, and a lot of lawyers. According to the New York Times, this is the first time in 2 years they've all been under the same roof. The Murdochs have turned against each other, divided into two factions. And now they're at war. They're fighting over the family business, the most powerful media empire the world has ever seen. If Rupert Murdoch is not the most powerful media mogul in the world, he would like very much to be. Donald J. Trump. >> Trump is at his best when he's sort of slightly tongue and cheek like that guy. He's a very funny guy. These companies control the news for millions of people. What they see, read, and hear every day. Fox News speaks directly to America's conservative voters and to its current president. Rupert Murdoch is now 93 years old, and at this point, it's still not clear who will succeed him. >> Have your dad ever had this conversation with you? Someday you'll run this company. >> No. No. My father's focused on, you know, the dayto-day. It's really not an issue that I concern myself with. As I said, I >> other people concern themselves, that's their business. >> I've always and will always strive to be qualified and considered for that position. It's not my decision. >> One side wants to seize control of the family trust. The other wants to stop them at all costs. Whoever wins will have enormous political influence, but their victory will almost certainly tear the family apart for good. Fern. >> Much of our research for this video draws on reporting from the New York Times, The Atlantic, and other accredited news outlets. Direct quotes attributed to members of the Murdoch family are largely based on this reporting. All sources are listed in the video description. That said, many details and nuances could not be independently verified by us. We also contacted all major Murdoch family members to request statements confirming the main aspects of the story, but none responded. [Music] It's early Sunday morning and young Rupert Murdoch is still in bed. He's 21 now. He's always been a bit of a loner, but now at Oxford, he's coming out of his shell. He's socializing and dabbling in left-wing politics, even joining the Labor Party. But what he really wants more than anything is the respect of his father. Sir Keith Murdoch is an Australian newspaper man. He dreams of creating a national news chain in Australia. So he skillfully cultivates political influence to bypass media regulations. So Keith burns with ambition. He hoped his son would too. But Rert never did well in school. He preferred to skip class to go gamble on horse racing. All his life, Rupert has yearned for his father's approval, but now he'll never have the chance to earn it. I was sleeping in one Sunday morning when my tutor came in and woke me up, told me that my father had died. Any memory I really have of it is one of um complete shock. >> Rupert flies back to Australia as fast as he can, but he misses his father's funeral. Then he finds out that his inheritance is significantly diminished. Sir Keith established family trust back in the 1930s. Family trusts are commonly used to manage assets and pass on wealth to future generations. But Sir Keith's death is sudden and unexpected, and his estate carries a serious amount of debt. To pay this off, Roert's mother had to sell off half of his father's estate. Now Rupert is furious. He's been cheated. Instead of the empire his father was working to build, he inherits just a single local newspaper. The news of Adelaide. He takes it and does what his father never could. He builds a newspaper empire. By the time he's 40, Rupert has gone further than his father could have dreamt. He founded the first national newspaper in Australia, The Australian, and soon he used that platform to help catapult a politician into the prime minister's office. He's conquered Australia. Next up, the rest of the world. This is Checkers, the British Prime Minister's 600 Hector County estate located 50 km from London. It's afternoon. Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher is sitting down to eat. Thatcher wants to keep this lunch a secret. For the rest of her life, she'll deny it ever happened, but notes in her official archive tell a different story. Sitting across from her is Rupert Murdoch. In a few months, Rupert will turn 50. He's easily one of the most powerful figures in Australian media. His company, Newscore, dominates about twothirds of the newspaper market in the country, and it's gone global, acquiring newspapers in the UK and the US. Now, he sets his sight on a new prize, the Times of London, one of the oldest and most respected newspapers in the world. Acquiring the Times would give him control over 40% of the British press, a monopoly, according to UK law. That would mean legal scrutiny. possibly hoping to avoid that scrutiny. Rert is now having lunch with the prime minister. Back in Australia, he established a successful formula. First, acquire a newspaper and make it successful through populist journalism. Then, leverage that success to obtain more properties. Next, gain control over a prestigious newspaper. Respected broad sheets tend to reach a different audience, powerful people, including politicians. Speaking directly to people like this means a chance to influence policy through endorsements and editorials. It can even mean having an impact on elections. For a newspaper mogul intent on growing an empire, that kind of influence could be worth its weight in gold. In the UK, Rupert applied his formula on a bigger stage. His towhold was News of the World, a weekly left-wing tabloid newspaper he acquired in 1969. A year later, he added a daily, The Sun. Both papers became known for headlines like these and for a willingness to focus on sex, drugs, and scandal. The Sun even introduced a new daily feature, a topless page three girl. It broke with tradition on Fleet Street, home of the British press. We were tearing up the old ways and inventing a new form of journalism, a new way. We were the on turbula of Fleet Street and proud to be so. >> Sales began climbing. A decade later, The Sun was Britain's bestselling tabloid. The new approach also earned Rert a nickname. That strat of society called him the dirty digger. Now Rupert is making his case to Thatcher for why he should be allowed to take over the Times of London. He just wants to make improvements to the paper. He says he'll be a hands-off owner. Later on, he'll guarantee this with a written promise. Afterward, he thanks her for the lunch with this handwritten note. He calls her my dear prime There's no evidence that Rupert and Thatcher made a deal. Thatcher carefully avoids any suggestion of this, even in her own documents. Her official record of the event states she did no more than wish him well in his bid. But this official record doesn't even cover the entire meeting, just the salient points. And in accordance with Thatcher's wishes, it was kept confidential. No one outside of the prime minister's office was to know about her lunch with Rupert. This has led some to speculate that over lunch, Rupert Murdoch and Margaret Thatcher may have arrived at an understanding. What is certain is that within weeks the Monopolies Commission decides not to look into RER buying the Times. Soon he owns the paper. At the same time, Britain is stuck in a recession. Thatcher is deeply unpopular. But in April 1982, Britain goes to war with Argentina over the Faulland Islands, and Rupert's tabloid, The Sun, goes all in on supporting it. As Britain's bestselling tabloid, The Sun reaches a huge portion of the British public, and many believe its aggressive support for the war hugely boosted Thatcher's popularity. Some have even suggested this might have saved her prime ministership. Rupert applies his formula on the other side of the Atlantic, too. His tabloid New York Post helps deliver the longshot candidate at Cootch to the New York City's mayor's office. >> I wouldn't be in a position to say I was mayor of New York City if Rert hadn't uh endorsed me. He gave me credit developing. >> Then the Post gets behind Ronald Reagan's presidential candidacy. >> The endorsement o of the New York Post of Ronald Reagan was crucial. Reagan carried New York State in the 1980 election. >> During the Reagan administration, Rubert's drive to expand faces fewer barriers. At the time, American regulations prohibit owning a major newspaper and a television station that share the same market. Under the Reagan administration, the Federal Communications Commission temporarily waved these regulations for Roupert. Only American citizens can directly own more than 20% of a TV station. So, Rupert applies for citizenship. In September 1986, he receives it quickly enough that some claim his application was fasttracked. With these roadblocks out of the way, he's free to buy a handful of television stations. Then, he buys a movie studio, 20th Century Fox. A month after receiving his American citizenship, he combines these new assets and launches the first new major broadcast television network since the 1950s. Fox's shows are a bright, edgy alternative to straight lace broadcast television, and Living Color presents sketch comedy with a black hip hop inflected perspective. The Simpsons and Married with Children reinvent the family sitcom as dysfunctional and even racy. And then Reagan eliminates the fairness doctrine, which had required broadcasters to give equal time to both sides of controversial issues. Many see this as paving the way for partisan media and eventually a channel that will change the American media landscape forever. Thank you very much for your attendance at such short notice. uh you have the uh press statement I think which tells you uh everything and that >> on January 30th 1996 Rupert Murdoch announces the Fox News Channel. His network TV station also called Fox has been on the air for a decade. Now he's finally making the leap to cable. Rupert's news station will be challenging the 400lb gorilla of 24-hour news CNN. To pull it off, he hires this man. >> I'd like to thank uh Mr. Murdoch for the kind words. Thank you all for coming this morning on short notice. I know that you're good journalists. Therefore, >> his name is Roger Als. Rupert hired him to build Fox News from scratch. They have a lot in common. Conservative politics, an instinctively anti-establishment point of view aimed at what they see as liberal elites. It's a crystal clear vision for Fox News. The network will cater to an overlooked audience, older, white, less educated, church-going, rural, and most of all, conservative, so-called middle America. The two men will reportedly joke that they've uncovered a whole new market, half the country. Ills was media adviser to presidents Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, and George HW Bush. He knows the target demographic well. He's also a controversial figure in the media landscape just weeks before the debut of the Fox News Channel. He left a job at NBC after reportedly hurling an anti-Semitic slur at a coworker. And he's known as a magician of the divisive power of media. For Fox, he's later quoted as saying, >> "It's not enough that conservatives like us, but that liberals hate us." >> Fox News Channel, fair and balanced. >> When Fox debuts, the studio looks cheap, thrown together, but it's undeniably different. It's colorful and deliberately edgy. Over and over, the station's slogan is repeated, fair, and balanced. It worked, and ratings soared. By 2002, Fox News had become the most watched cable news channel in America. For many conservatives, it became the only channel and its base was always expanding. In 2007, a study found that when Fox News entered a local media market, it pushed viewers to the right and made them more likely to vote Republican. This was called the Fox News effect. If a Republican politician wanted to reach their base on the national stage, it was said the only road went through Fox. >> Republicans originally thought that Fox worked for us. Uh, and now we're discovering we work for Fox. Newscor's power and influence now spanned several continents, but Rupert himself was aging. He had always considered his empire a family business, and like his father, he had considered his legacy. >> My two sons are very interested in having major careers, and I'm doing what I can to train them, give them opportunities, and see what mistakes they make and what triumphs they have. >> But which of his children would one day take control? On that point, Rubert could be mattlingly hard to read. You have three adult children, Lachlan, James, and Elizabeth, each of whom is now a very accomplished media executive in his own right. At the same time, you have reportedly told your biggest outside shareholder, Prince Wed, quote, "I'm going to stay on as CEO until I'm 130." >> So, as >> I'm more realistic than that, really. >> Rupert Murdoch raises children to be media moguls. He pushed them to be part of his empire. >> We knew that dad loved the time he had with us and he wanted us to be part of his world. And I think that as a child you have to be part of that world in some ways if you were going to be engaged with him. >> One day, one of them would take over the family business. But which one? According to observers, the children were constantly trying to figure out where they stood with their father. Who did he favor at any given time? Family life revolved around succession. Each child grew up trying to prove themselves worthy. Elizabeth Murdoch is often described as bright, capable, and like her father. With his help, she purchased a pair of television stations in California. About a year later, she sold them for a $12 million profit. Soon, she'll be climbing the corporate ladder at her father's satellite TV station, BK SkyB. She's tough, ambitious, and has her eye on the top job. I have always and will always strive to be qualified and considered for that position. It's not my decision. >> But in the race for succession, many believe she has a handicap. >> It has been said that he's never been a person particularly comfortable with women in senior positions. >> He say you got a quote on that. >> I haven't got a quote on that. It's been says I said as I said >> I think he ever actually said I don't know if that I don't know if that's true. Um I can think of a number of senior women that he's come to count on and rely on in very very important positions. I think dad is um traditional in many ways. >> Lachlan Murdoch is Rupert's eldest son. He's often said to be the apple of his father's eye. He just graduated from Princeton University. Now he's working on his father's newspapers in Australia. He's young, rich, and a budding celebrity. know, the day-to-day. >> Prudence is Rupert's only child from his first marriage. She's also the only Murdoch sibling to avoid the family business, though her husband works for News Corp. James Murdoch is often called the family rebel. Dropped out of Harvard to follow the Grateful Dead on tour. Founded a hip-hop label Rockus Records. >> Yeah, that's really not an issue that I concern myself with. As I said, >> lots of other people concern themselves. >> That's their business. Anna Murdoch is Rupert's second wife. Anna has been part of NewsCore since she was 18 years old. She met Rupert while interviewing him for one of his Australian newspapers. Anna's on the News Corp board of directors. She's mother to Elizabeth James and Lachland and she helped raise Prudence. As they grow up, Anna worried about what the competition to succeed their father was doing to her children. >> Your sons, are they planning to go into the newspaper business? >> I think so, and so is my daughter. I mean, I can see um lots of arguments along the way. Who knows what will happen. >> It wasn't always easy. Rupert's work always came first. >> Newspapers are in his blood. He's a good Australian businessman who's come here. I'm going to show you how to do it. >> And it never ever stopped. >> It is awful sometimes and it is lonely and you are cut out of it. I don't think I change it for anything at all. For decades, Anna has been patiently waiting for him to retire so they can enjoy their golden years together. On that day, he would name his successor. Win or lose, the children would all be free of their burden of succession. Anna could enjoy life with her husband, free from the burden of news court invading every second of their lives. But instead, in 1998, everything changed. By now, Rupert is 67. He still hasn't retired, and he's met someone else. Her name is Wendy Deng. She works at one of Rupert's TV stations in China. She's been acting as his private translator when he visits the region, and she's half his age. Rupert insists nothing is going on, but Anna is sure he's having an affair. Either way, he swiftly cuts Anna out of his personal and professional lives. At first, Rupert and Anna announce that their separation will be amicable. Anna will remain on the News Corps board, but then in Newscore's annual report, Anna reads that she's retiring. Then she claims he gave her a direct order. You get off the board. But Anna has one last card to play. Legally, she's entitled to have the assets Rert has created since they've been married. But she wants something else. Anna sees what competing for succession is doing to her children, and she wants to make sure Rert can never toss them aside like he has her. To protect them, she wants to ensure that all four will inherit a share of the family business. So, she sacrifices half of what she's entitled to in the divorce. In exchange, Robert agrees to restructure the family trust. His four children will each control a single vote within the trust, while Rert will control four. But when he dies, his votes will disappear. Elizabeth, James, Lachland, and Prudence will control the trust assets equally. These assets have been valued at more than 7 billion. But there's an even bigger prize. They include almost half of the voting stock and two of the most influential media companies in the English-speaking world. The voting power will also belong to Rupert's children equally. These companies decide what millions of people read, hear, and watch on a daily basis. Managing a huge empire is quite the challenge. You don't need to be a media mogul to know that one of the biggest hassles in any workplace is the chaos of disconnected tools and software platforms. But there's a solution. Udu. Udu is a single centralized platform for managing your entire business. Need to track hours, sign documents, manage projects, or even build a website. Whatever your needs, Udu has over 45 apps to choose from. What's more, they're integrated. Thanks to UDO, your sales, accounting, and inventory management apps can all update each other, giving you a cohesive, up-to-date overview. UDU is even tailored to your location, so no more wasting time figuring out local taxes, rates, and regulations. UDU does it for you. U grows with you. Start with the apps you need and add more as your business evolves. The first application is free for life with unlimited support and hosting included. Starting at €19.90 per month, you gain access to all available applications. Click the link in the description to check it out. In the early 2000s, the Murdoch Empire was arguably at its peak, reaching five continents and 3/4 of the world's population. One of the companies controlled by the shares in the Murdoch family trust, NewsCore, owns media properties all over the world. The other is the most profitable cable news channel in America. In time, it'll become much more. James will later say that with a trust, the idea was that it would incentivize us to cooperate. What actually happens is very different. And at the heart of it is Fox News. This plane is flying from Sydney to New York. Inside it, Lachlan Murdoch is brooding. A few months from now, Lachlan will describe the events that follow to a reporter for New York Magazine. Our description is largely based on that reporting. Lachlan is now 33 years old. 5 years ago, his father promoted him to deputy chief operating officer of News Corp. As deputy COO, Lachlan is responsible for running the New York Post, the publisher Harper Collins, and 35 TV stations. Roupert is still head of the company, and he shows no signs of slowing down, but he's now 75 years old. One way or another, he'll have to step down soon. It's an open secret that Lachlan is winning the race for succession. At this point, his sisters are out of the running, and his brother James trails behind. Lachlan has long seemed to have an advantage. He's very much his father's son, sharing his conservative politics and deep love for Australia. In 1997, Rert told an interviewer that of his children, Lachlan was first among equals. But something isn't right. Lately, he's in conflict with Audrey Als, the father of Fox News. As one of Rupert's most trusted executives, Ills is largely allowed to do what he likes. This includes pushing his ideas for the TV stations Lachlan is in charge of most recent idea is a show called Crimeline. For financial reasons, Lachland turned it down. According to New York magazine, Als went to Rupert and told him about Crimeline. Rupert told him, "Do the show. Don't listen to Lachlan. Lachlan feels undermined by Rupert and it isn't the first time. Now he's heading back to America. He and his father are going to have a talk. In New York, Lachlan and Rupert discuss the situation over lunch. Rupert listens. He offers suggestions. Maybe changing the organization chart. But Lachlan knows his father isn't going to change. He wouldn't ask him to. Still, if things stay as they are, their relationship could seriously deteriorate. Something begins to dawn on Lachlan. He's used to thinking about himself in relation to the company and to his father. It's just difficult to sort of uncouple your life and your identity from the company, he thinks. Then he makes the decision. I have to do my own thing, he says. I have to be my own man. And with that, he steps down as deputy COO and moves back to Australia with his family. He remains on the newspore board. But in the race for succession, he's no longer the leader. Suddenly, James is. By this time, James is a long way from his years as a rebel. Back in 1995, he co-founded the hip-hop label Rockus Records. But then, Roert bought the label, dragging his son into the family business. He's been busy proving himself ever since. In 2007, he receives a major promotion to running Newscore operations through Europe and Asia. Then, something strange happens. James personality reportedly seems to change. He'd always been energetic, analytical, offbeat. At work, he was known as technocratic and given to business jargon, but now he seems brash, cocky. Some think he's emulating his father, and he's reportedly assembled a loyal team in London. To many, it looks like a rival power center in the company. No one knows exactly how Rert sees this, but to some observers, he seems proud and maybe a bit threatened. In 2010, Rupert proposes something unusual. family therapy. At a retreat at the Murdoch family in Caven Station, Australia, a specialist will help him and his adult children work on how they treat each other. Months later, news of the retreat was leaked to Vanity Fair. The magazine describes how the siblings came together to help James become a better leader and improve his relationship with Rupert. James later described something very different to The Atlantic. According to him, the therapist first met with everyone individually. Then at a session with the whole family, everything supposedly fell apart. According to James, there was gaslighting, accusations, strategic maneuvering. Even in family therapy, each of the Murdochs were advancing a personal agenda. James describes it as a car crash that left the family in even worse shape. Afterward, Elizabeth supposedly offers to create a family constitution. According to The Atlantic, James helps her. Together they create a draft including principles like we commit to undertake active dialogue with each other at all times and to relentlessly communicate openly with trust and humility and we will be vigilant of and defend against divisiveness either between us or that which could infiltrate from without. In February 2011, Elizabeth, James, Lachland, and Prudence reportedly all signed the document. But their newfound resolve to stick together is about to be tested like never before. This is Rupert Murdoch's war room. Rupert is fighting to contain the biggest scandal in Newscore history. Elizabeth is advising him and also providing emotional support. According to reporting, she thinks the best public relations move would be to let someone in the family take the fall. And her brother James is in charge of newspore operations in Europe and Asia. It should be him. Rupert slept on the idea. He agrees. Then he sends Elizabeth down the hall to fire her brother. From 1996 to 2001, Elizabeth was managing director of the British satellite TV network B SkyB, which later changed his name to Sky. She worked hard to position herself as Rupert's successor. Then in 2000, she abruptly quit. In one version of the story, she let Rupert know by sending him a fax. The exact reason is unknown, but many believe that within the family, Elizabeth had long been hitting the glass ceiling. Years later, James would reportedly save Rupert. He is a misogynist. After quitting the family business, Elizabeth was successful on her own terms in a way none of her siblings had been. Her production company, Shine, produced hit TV shows like The Biggest Loser and Master Chef. In early 2011, Rert bought Shine for 673 million, bringing Elizabeth back into the fold. He also asked her to join the News Corps board. She said yes, but quickly changed her mind, perhaps to distance herself from the massive scandal erupting around Newsore. On July 4th, 2011, an article in the Guardian blew the lid of a long simmering scandal. Reporters from Rupert's beloved tabloid, News of the World, had allegedly been hacking the phones of people they reported on. According to the Guardian, this included Millie Dollar, a teenager who had been abducted and murdered back in 2002. The scandal snowballed. The victims of phone hacking were said to include deceased soldiers, people killed in the London bombing in 2005, and a huge parade of celebrities, even the royal family. This had all happened before James took over as CEO. But he was linked to the scandal nonetheless, and he scrambled to contain the damage. His efforts reportedly included firings, internal changes, and a PR campaign. >> Practices of certain individuals did not live up to the standards and quality of journalism that we believe in and that I believe in. and that this company believes in. >> But then Rupert came to London and things got worse. He spoke to reporters. He met with the parents of Millie Dollar, the murdered teenager. None of this was coordinated with James. Rupert seemed to be undermining his son and CEO at every turn. Testifying before parliamentary committee, he continued to act on his own repeatedly. It even looked like he was throwing James under the bus. >> As for my comments, Mr. chairman of my statement which I believe was around the closure uh of the News of the World newspaper. >> Before you get to that, I would just like to say one sentence. >> This is the most humble day of my life. >> Thank you. >> That is the first I've heard of that. >> Elizabeth follows her instructions and walks down to James' office. She tells him that both she and her father think he should step down. Years later, James will describe his feelings in extended interviews with The Atlantic. He's stunned at Rupert's cowardice. He tells Elizabeth to make their father do the dirty work himself. Elizabeth and James' relationship will never be the same. For years, the two siblings will barely speak. Elizabeth will eventually call the episode one of her life's biggest regrets. James denies knowing the phone hacking had been a widespread problem, but his own employees claim under oath that they told him about it. The parliamentary committee concludes that at minimum, James has shown an astonishing lack of curiosity. The scandal forces Rert to shut down News of the World, the tabloid that established him in the UK. To contain the fallout, he also splits his empire in two. Print media remains part of a reconstituted News Corp. While television and film become 21st Century Fox. James takes most of the blame for the scandal. Rert relocates him to New York where he's made deputy chief operating officer of News Corp. It's spun as a promotion, but James was running operations in Europe and Asia completely on his own. In New York, he reports to the COO He's back under his father's watchful eye. Four years pass. Rupert is now 83 years old and he's still the head of his companies. It's lunchtime in the corporate dining room at Fox News headquarters. Rupert Murdoch is having lunch with Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump, and her father. Right as their food hits the table, Donald Trump shares his big news. He's running for president. Rupert's eyes reportedly stay on his soup. He says only that Trump will have to be ready to take some hits in the press. The two men have known each other a long time going all the way back to New York in the 70s and 80s. Roupert is close friends with Jared Kushner. They've even vacationed together. Roupert is politically conservative and in 2011 Fox News was the platform for Trump's false birther crusade in which he repeatedly claimed that President Barack Obama lacked an American birth certificate. But according to an unconfirmed account by author Michael Wolf, who has interviewed Rupert extensively, Rupert supposedly considers Donald Trump quote, "a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot." When the time comes for the first Republican primary debate, New York Magazine claims he instructs the moderator, Megan Kelly, to make things hard for Trump. >> You've called women you don't like fat pigs, dogs, slobs, and disgusting animals. >> But when Fox hosts continue to support other candidates and mock Trump, he skips the channel second debate. Trump's base and Fox's core audience are largely the same people. Without him, the second debate on Fox gets about half as many viewers. Trump may be a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] idiot in Rupert's mind, but he seems to be crucial to Fox's ratings. The question is, can Rupert afford not to back him? It's a major turning point for Fox News. As the 2016 Republican presidential primaries wind down, Trump was starting to look inevitable. By now, the support of the Murdoch media had become crucial to Republican candidates. But Trump flipped this around thanks to social media. He had his own loyal audience. If Fox didn't support him, they might just go somewhere else. Thanks to alternatives like Breitbart and One American News, Fox was no longer the only conservative media outlet in town. So Rupert seemingly pivoted. ProTrump articles began popping up in the editorial section of the Wall Street Journal, a Murdoch paper. The covers of the New York Post began celebrating Trump's politically incorrect stances. And Fox News featured hours of proTrump programming in its prime time lineup. At Fox, Trump was now the guy. According to at least one Fox anchor, the new rule was don't bash him. The anchor is quoted saying, "We've thrown in the towel." In November 2016, Trump won the presidency of the United States. >> Right away, Rert begins visiting the White House. He's frequently on the phone with the new president, sometimes weekly. It's the culmination of Rupert's outsized ambition. He's come a long way from his secret lunch with Margaret Thatcher. He now has a direct line to the White House. Over the phone, Trump reportedly says to him, "Rupert, Rupert, you love this shit." >> Soon, Fox's lineup changes. It seems more closely aligned with Trump's politics with proTrump personalities like Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity filling prime time slots. Trump often gets up early and watches Fox, then seemingly tweets about what he's seen. Commenters begin to notice a feedback loop developing. Some note that at times it's hard to tell where policy positions come from. Trump or Fox. There was a time when Fox drove Republican politics. Now it's becoming something totally new. A TV network that to many looks inseparable from the White House. Fox is arguably more powerful than ever. And it's still unclear who will follow in Rupert's footsteps. More than a year earlier, this is the Lamb's Club in Midtown Manhattan. James Murdoch is flying to Indonesia today, but he's made time for lunch with Lachlan and the COO of News Corp before he heads to the airport. Years from now, he'll discuss the events that follow in his interview with The Atlantic. James is 42. It's been 4 years since the phone hacking scandal, and its effects are still being felt. Still, the succession race may be coming to an end. When the time comes, reports say James will be the CEO of 21st Century Fox. Lachlan will be given a ceremonial title. But then something unexpected happens. Lachlan breaks the news. He's returning to the US to run 21st Century Fox. Lachlan, who quit years ago and hid in Australia while James toiled in the company and took the blame when things went wrong. Lachlan is going to be his boss. At this point, James has been in the family business for almost 20 years. He's paid his dues, but behind his back, his father's been making plans for his brother to return. In fact, he'd never fully given up on bringing his favorite son back. >> I hope and have said from the day he went back there that he's going to come back here. >> James does not want to report to his brother. He gets up and heads to the airport. While he's gone, he ignores messages from Rert and Lachlan. Rumors about him resigning whip through the company. By the time he returns, Rupert has changed his tune. James will still become CEO. Lachlan will be chairman. In reality, he sets his sons up as co-leaders. Both are expected to sign off on every major decision, but according to several accounts, the arrangement is a disaster. The brothers are unable to work together. In the fall of 2018, James spots a way out. A deal is beginning to take shape. Disney will buy nearly all of 21st Century Fox's assets, but not Fox News. James is enthusiastic. The deal could give him cover for exiting the company. Lachlan, on the other hand, is reportedly enraged. He's relocated his family from Australia to be head of a top tier media property and his father wants to sell it out from under him. In his interview with The Atlantic, James describes events coming to a head. Over dinner at the Grand Mercy Tavern in New York, Lachlan blows up. He rants about the deal, makes threats, and finally storms out. On the way out, he tells Roert that if the deal goes through, you will not have a son. Then he looks at James and you won't have a brother. But less than a year later, it happens. Disney buys 21st Century Fox. Rupert's children receive an enormous payout from the family trust, about $2 billion each. James steps down as CEO of 21st Century Fox, and exits the family business. Lachlan becomes chief executive of Fox, and along with Rupert, co-executive chairman of Fox and News Corp. The father and his favorite son are left running the Family Pistons together, just as Rupert always dreamed. The fight for succession seems to finally be over, but the real battle is about to begin. November 3rd, 2020. Election night, Trump versus Biden. Americans are glued to their screens. One by one, voting ends in each state. Millions of ballots are counted, and projections begin to take shape for the winner in each of the 50 states. Those projections are influential. They can shape public perception of who's going to win. >> Just before 11:20 p.m. Eastern time, Fox News makes a bold call. >> He's calling Arizona for Joe Biden. That is a big get. >> It's a risky move. Arizona is a hotly contested state in the presidential election, and data is still coming in, but being first to call the state could be a journalistic coup for Fox. It's only prudent for the election desk to get approval before taking such a risky move. Much later, a Murdoch biographer describes the decision this way. The Fox higher-ups sign up on a call one by one. The decision eventually reaches Lachlan, then Rupert. Will you approve announcing such a huge loss for Trump? >> [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] him, >> Rupert reportedly says. Fox made the projection. The Trump team is furious. They barrage Fox with demands the call be reversed. Fox refuses, but it seems Fox's audience is also furious. In the days that follow, ratings plummet. Then Fox pivots. >> Tonight, every American should be angry. You should be outraged. You should be worried. You should be concerned at what has happened in the election. >> The Dominion software system has been tagged as one allegedly capable of flipping votes. How, for example, did scenile hermit Joe Biden get 15 million more votes than his former boss, rockstar crowd surfer Barack Obama? It gets behind Trump's false narrative about the election being stolen. None of the higherups at Fox seem to believe those claims. Rupert reportedly calls them really crazy stuff. Still, internal communications show that many inside the network believe that Fox needs to get back in its audience's good graces to recover in the ratings. It's possible that echoing whatever Trump says will do that, but that will both cost Fox and the Murdoch family dearly. After Fox promotes the Stop the Steel narrative, Dominion Voting Systems, a voting machine company, sues the network for defamation. Fox settles out of court for almost $800 million. The Murdoch Empire skews politically conservative, but the Murdoch children seem to vary. As Fox News transforms under Trump, experts say their political differences become more stark. Lachlan has long been known as conservative. But according to his brother James, something changes. He now seems more partisan and reactionary, even willing to consider farright ideas like white nativism. Commentators have long seen Elizabeth and Pru as more liberal than the rest of the family. They've never said so publicly, but as the family business drifts rightward, private communications obtained by journalists seem to indicate a willingness to push back against positions like climate change denial. James' politics have always been harder to pin down. But just before leaving the family business, he begins to give hints of where he stands. Back in 2017, neo-Nazis marched in Charlottesville, Virginia. They carried torches enchanted blood and soil, and Jews will not replace us. There are violent and even deadly clashes with counterprotesters and police. When asked about the events, Trump seems to partially defend the neo-Nazis. You had some very bad people in that group, but you also had people that were very fine people on both sides. >> In fairness, this was taken out of context at the time. He's talking about other protesters who were supposedly at this rally. In the same speech, Trump explicitly condemns neo-Nazis and white nationalists. In any case, Fox News defended him. >> I think the president made a strong and clear message condemning all hate groups. >> James was disgusted. As CEO, he wanted to release a statement to his employees making his position clear. But he couldn't face the push back he assumed he'd get from Lachlan and their father. But his feelings became clear when an email he wrote to colleagues was leaked to the press. In it, he wrote, "I can't even believe I have to write this. Standing up to Nazis is essential. There are no good Nazis." James saw this as a nonpartisan matter. He didn't necessarily mind catering to conservative viewers. He did want to at least nudge the company towards accountability and higher editorial standards, but he believed Rert would never allow him to change the company's direction or decouple it from Trump. The battle for succession seemed resolved. It was Lachlan, but all four siblings still had a vote on the family trust that made their opinions on Fox's political orientations especially relevant. If James, Elizabeth, and Prudence decided to change Fox's direction, all they had to do was wait for Roert to pass away. At that point, they would outvote Lachlan. That very prospect would ignite the Murdoch family's final battle. It's 2020. This is Australia's black summer. Bushfire season has raged out of control, reducing 19 million hectares of land and 3,000 homes to ash. 33 people are dead. Most consider the cause to be at least partially due to climate change, but not the Murdoch properties. They call it arson. >> So, let me deal with the issue head on. Does climate change cause these fires? No. >> So, that's the key, the drought. And if the drought can't be blamed on climate change, you can't blame the fires on climate change, especially when so many are deliberately lit. >> James is still on the News Corps board, but in January, he releases a statement. He and his wife don't just believe in climate change. They're particularly disappointed with the ongoing denial among the news outlets in Australia given obvious evidence to the contrary. According to James, the rest of the board is so angry that he's pressured to resign. And he does, cutting his last remaining tie to the family business. Except for the trust. Speculation runs rampant. The media begins to report a rift in the family. Some ask if James is willing to contradict the company's climate change deniialism. What will he do when Rupert dies? Will he try to drag the family business towards the political center? According to The Atlantic, around this time, James' wife, Catherine, saw a kind of conspiracy theory begin to take hold between Rert and Lachlan. Rert had always been known as conservative, but not particularly partisan. His newspapers had supported Thatcher and Reagan, but also the center-left British Prime Minister Tony Blair. In 2008, he and the rest of the family were even have said to have backed Obama. But some believe that in the Trump era, he had grown more partisan. If this was true, and if James, Elizabeth, and Pru were planning to drag the network to the left when he died, that made them a threat. This growing mistrust between the Murdochs sent them on the road to the courtroom in Nevada. The trial that followed would be held in secret. But in 2025, two New York Times reporters obtained nearly the entire record of the trial, including a huge number of private messages between the Murdochs that were introduced as evidence. The direct quotes that follow are based on that reporting. According to the Times, after the Disney deal, Lachlan repeatedly tried to buy his siblings out of their shares of the trust and cement his own control. His attempts failed. During the Black Summer, Rupert sent him a message of encouragement. Been thinking a lot overnight about the deal with James at all. benefit of getting him out probably outweighs other considerations. Around this time, some observers believe Elizabeth, James, and Prudence were becoming a united front. When Rupert died, they would sort things out. With three votes on the trust, they could afford to wait. Soon, they would realize just how unprepared they were. It's April 9th, 2023. Succession is playing on HBO. The show is based on the Murdoch. The series is now in its fourth season. The main character, family patriarch Logan Roy, is modeled on Rupert. So far, the show has been heavily based on real life Murdoch lore. But in this episode, the show diverges sharply. Attention, major spoilers ahead. Skip until here if you want to avoid them. >> It is very, very bad. >> It seems very bad. I'm so sorry to call you like this. >> Can you put him on? >> Suddenly, and unexpectedly, Logan Roy dies, but it happens offcreen. The viewer experiences Logan's death through the reaction of his children who find out via a phone call. According to the New York Times, Elizabeth Murdoch is watching, and she feels panic rising inside her. Logan Royce children are completely unprepared. No one is in charge. Chaos reigns and eventually they lose control of the company. It all hits way too close to home. Elizabeth's father is now old, very old, 92. In 2018, he tripped and fell while on Lachland's yacht, suffering life-threatening injuries. In 2022, he was hospitalized with CO. Someday soon, it will just be Elizabeth, James, Lachland, and Prudence running the family's trust. The fate of the Murdoch companies will be in their hands. But can they work together? Elizabeth is deeply shaken. So is Mark Dero, her representative on the family trust. He sees the episode as a grim warning. I thought this is exactly exactly the thing we should be avoiding because that is chaotic. So Devou writes what he calls the succession memo. In it, he poses questions intended to prepare Elizabeth, James, and Prudence for what's to come. When they have equal say in the direction of the empire, could James accept Fox News as it is? If not, can someone buy him out? On the other hand, if he and Elizabeth and Prudence want to move Fox News to the center, would Lachlan accept it? But Rupert is still very much alive, and he's making plans to stop this very thing. It's early December 2023. Rupert is here to speak to his daughters. A few months ago, he finally retired. He retains only a ceremonial title, Emirus, chairman of the Fox board, but he still controls the trust, and he's about to make big changes. He's called a special meeting of the trust board. It's in 2 days. Before he pulls the trigger, he wants to see where Elizabeth and Prudence stand. At 4 p.m. he meets with Prudence. Rupert has talking points prepared. These companies are my legacy. I put everything into them over my life. The Murdoch companies are protector of the conservative voice in the English-speaking world. Then he comes out with it. I love each of my children and my support of Lachlan is not intended to suggest otherwise. But these companies need a designated leader and Lachlan is that leader. Gradually, Rupert reveals his plan. He, Lachlan, and a team of lawyers and executives have been working on it in secret for months. They call it Project Family Harmony. According to reporting by the New York Times, the Murdoch family trust is controlled by a single entity called Crudin Financial Services. Crudin is run by six managing directors, Elizabeth, James, Lachlan, and Prudence. Each one have a managing director with a single vote. Roupert has two directors with two votes. Rupert can never be outvoted, but when he dies, his votes will disappear. His four children will control the trust equally. So the plan is to create two new trustees, Crudin 2 and Crudin 3. Rert would control one, Lachlan the other. When Rupert dies, control of both would pass the Lachlan. Lachlan would have more power over the trust than even Rert ever had. Even working together, James, Elizabeth, and Prudence would be completely disenfranchised. But there is a catch. Legally, Rupert couldn't change the trust unless his changes were in good faith and in the best interest of the beneficiaries they affected. So, the argument is this. James, Elizabeth, and Prudence are planning to change the political orientation of Fox News. If they did that, ratings would drop, shares would become less profitable, and the trust would suffer. With Lachlan in total control, Fox would remain profitable, benefiting everyone. When her father is finished, Prudence is lost for words. All she can manage is right. Later he explains the plan to Elizabeth. Her response is more straightforward. You are completely disenfranchising me and my siblings. You've blown a hole in the family. Rupert leaves London without either daughter's support. Later, Elizabeth texted Lachlan that Project Family harmony was a massive gut punch. Lachlan wrote back, "Hey Liz, I really appreciate your support. Today is about dad's wishes and confirming all of our support for him and for his wishes. It shouldn't be difficult or controversial. Love you, Lachlan. The special meeting happened over Zoom. Roert read out the changes from a prepared script. The next day, he formally filed the changes to the trust. Later on, details would emerge that suggested the changes had a single target, James. In Project Family Harmony documents, he was called a troublesome beneficiary or just troublesome. The real goal was to stop him at all costs. Later, Rupert sent James a copy of his script from the Zoom call. A note said, "James, still time to talk. Love, Dad. P.S. love to see my grandchildren one day." Ironically, with these changes, Rupert has started the very rebellion he was trying to avoid. It's September 16th, 2024. Wu County Courthouse. Immediately after Rupert filed the changes to the trust, Elizabeth, James, and Prudence formally objected. They're inside these SUVs. Half an hour later, the second wave with Rupert and Lachlan arrives. Today is their first day in court. The descriptions that follow are based on records of the trial obtained by the New York Times. Rupert is the first in the family to take the stand. He's 93. His voice is sometimes faint, but he still seems perfectly lucid. He's asked about his motivation in changing the trust. He says, "If there's uncertainty about the management, the public will feel it inside. The company would feel it." Ensuring Lachland succession will eliminate this uncertainty once and for all, everyone will know where they stand. I just felt sure, very certain, that if these things weren't settled, there would be trouble, and the trouble would be damaging. The opposition lawyers question him. Isn't Project Family Harmony really about preserving Rupert's legacy by keeping Fox News on the political right? Rupert tells him there's no difference between the two. If Fox changes its political orientation, its audience will rebel again. Lachlan will keep things as they are, ensuring that the network and that the family's trust shares remain valuable. That benefits the whole family. His whole case rests on this argument. The changes are only intended to benefit shareholders. But then he keeps going. Fox News cannot fall into the wrong hands. It will be a disaster if it does. And the one at fault is James. Because of him, Elizabeth and Prudence will have to choose between their brothers. if one day they all share control over the trust. After his testimony, Rupert is excused from court due to illness. But James suspects another reason, cowardice. On day three, Elizabeth takes the stand. Rupert's lawyer paints her, Prudence, and James as spoiled billionaire children determined to thwart the man who had made them wealthy beyond most people's wildest dreams. Hasn't Elizabeth been fortunate to have become a multi-billionaire thanks to her father's enormous generosity? Elizabeth replies, I wouldn't call it generosity, but his enormous success. Yes. She is grateful to her father, though. All her life, he had mentored her in media and business. I feel like I was taught at the feet of the master. The lawyer hones in on a meeting that took place a year before. James, Elizabeth, Prudence, and their spouses had all met for dinner at Clarages, a London hotel and restaurant. Beforehand, the siblings had met in a private conference room for 90 minutes. They caught up, talked about the succession memo and plans for Rupert's death and complained about Lachlan and their family. Or so they said. Before the trial, a piece of evidence had come to light. In his diary, Prudence's representative to the trust had written about the brother's activities and the meeting at Clarages. In it, he writes that the three are planning to get rid of Lachlan. Rupert's lawyers paint a picture of a full-blown conspiracy. Elizabeth's lawyer develops a competing image. Rupert and Lachlan are the ones who've been scheming. It's Project Family Harmony that has torn the family in two, not some supposed conspiracy by Elizabeth, James, and Prudence. He asks Elizabeth to describe how Rupert explained his plans to her. She describes feeling angry and betrayed. "What is your relationship with your father like today?" the lawyer asks. "Absent, "What was it like before the December 6th special meeting?" "Unbelievably close. In the afternoon on day three, James testifies. Rupert's lawyers seek to portray him as a resentful son plotting his revenge. A puppet master scheming to undermine his brother. James admits they talked about outvoting Lachlan when their father died, but he insists they never discussed a coup. The lawyer asks about the dinner where Lachlan had essentially disowned him because of the Disney deal, and James is surprised to find himself crying. Later on, he chokes up when discussing his relationship with his father. You know, there have been a lot of hurtful things over the years. He tells the court, "We worked together very closely for a long time. It's hard." But he's direct when asked about identifying as the troublesome beneficiary. He calls the label garbage. They're making stuff up or believing things that are being told to create some sort of boogeyman that is a justification for stealing stuff they didn't want to buy. Day four, Lachlan is called to the stand. A question hangs over the trial. Is he the target of a plot by his siblings or is he targeting them? He insists that evidence of a plot against him has been piling up for years. He says thousands of stories in the media have quoted anonymous sources close to James, confirming his plans to ou Lachlan. One unauthorized biography of Lachlan quotes an anonymous source. Lachlan gets fired the day Rupert dies. As Lachlan sees it, quotes like this clearly come from people close to James. Taken together, they show why Lachlan and Rert had to act. But under cross-examination, cracks begin to appear. Lachlan can't approve that the anonymous sources come from James. In fact, he's changed his mind. Now he thinks they're people close to Elizabeth. But it's revealed that the source of the biography quote is much closer to home. It's a friend and adviser of Lachlan's who spoke to the author for more than 14 hours, and Lachlan had approved it. At least some of his evidence of a plot had come from within his own camp. Lachlan is forced to walk back other things, too. And he admits that changing the trust wasn't Rupert's idea. It was his. On December 7th, the probate court commissioner filed his report. It was unambiguous, even harsh. Rupert and Lachlan had acted in bad faith. Item by item, he dismissed the supposed evidence of a sibling plot. The Clarage's meeting had amounted to no more than a casual and inco conversation. Lachlan's testimony had been misleading. Statements he had made about a failed corporate merger were an example of Lachland Murdoch's lack of cander with the parties and on the witness stand. Ultimately, the changes to the trust were a carefully crafted charade. Their motivation was political. To ensure that Rupert's companies continue to be alternative conservative voices in media after he dies, Roert and Lachlan immediately appealed. According to the New York Times, their chances of success were slim. James, Elizabeth, and Prudence intentions remained unknown. Time seemed to be on their side, though. When Robert died, they would have the power to reorient the Murdoch companies. Behind the scenes, things may not have been so cut and dried. According to the reporting by the New York Times in February 2025, the balance of power seemed to shift. Rupert and Lachlan's appeal nudged forward with a state judge requesting oral arguments, and The Atlantic published a profile of James. In it, he criticized his father and brother and shared sensitive details of the sealed court case. Rupert and Lachlland's lawyers pounced, requesting sanctions against James, and a whole new trial. Outside of the trial, Rupert seemed more powerful than ever in some ways. Trump is once again president. Former Fox employees pepper the administration, including Trump's cabinet. Roupert has resumed his visits to the White House, though his relationship with Trump isn't without turbulence. In July 2025, Trump even sued Rupert in his paper, the Wall Street Journal, for its claims about a body note he allegedly wrote to Jeffrey Epstein. As the appeal seemed to progress, the Murdoch headed back to the negotiating table. In September 2025, a deal was announced. Elizabeth, James, and Prudence would sell their shares of their empire for $1.1 billion each. The current Murdoch family trust will be dissolved and a new one created, including Lachlan and Rupert's two daughters with Wendy Deng, Grace, and Kloe. In a way, both sides could claim victory. Elizabeth, James, and Prudence were finally severing their ties with an empire they increasingly seem to disagree with politically and doing so with an impressive payout. Lachland would succeed his father as head of the family business, and Rupert, after decades of intrigue and infighting, has finally secured his legacy. In Lachlan's hands, Fox News and News Corp, seem likely to stay reliably conservative. They will remain what Rupert has always envisioned, a family business. But the family itself may never be the same.

  Top Comments:
  1. @fern-tv [2700 likes]: Make sure to grab some popcorn for this one :) 
Oh, and thank you for 4 million subscribers! 💚
  2. @Methos5 [1 likes]: Reagan was a saint compared to Obama
  3. @donkey_mediocre7246 [1 likes]: Logan roy
  4. @lane9official: This is so freaking insane holy cow
  5. @stonefroot: Rupert is doing to his family what he did to America. He's turning them against each other and manipulating them for his own ends. When he dies, a non family member will take over and I bet he has that man lined up already.
  6. @RahulBhat-sd5fd: yo, just want to say that 'spoilers' is misspelled in 43:09
  7. @galaletsangramolobeng3494: This 29:31 statement top tier
  8. @usernameCM: Wait, this is Succession 😅
  9. @GreenYoutubeViewer1: 8:43
  10. @mind-of-neo: Video ends at 18:20
  11. @therealkingfrances3242: Rupert is 95 years old!!
  12. @yidiandianpang: just have one kid
  13. @yidiandianpang: maybe they should just be fair and balanced
  14. @cherylnewhusband: Bro I just discovered fern a month ago and now I can't stop watching it is one of the best youtube channel I've ever seen 


Thanks for all the workers in this perfect channel ❤❤❤
  15. @nika-vv4iy: Jesus loves you all!
  16. @waterishdrake8693: 37:42 its obvious the 2020 election was stolen! They used the bad flu as cover to make it happen
  17. @Olubumni: This country has been destroyed by an Australian and South African 😢😢😢
  18. @RealityIzTwisted: AFTER ALL THAT THEY FUCKING SOLD IT THE THEM ANYWAYS?!?!? I thought maybe there were actually some powerful good people for once but there we see again that everyone has a price tag
  19. @itz_chesco: Netflix released a documentary that (imo) copied Fern beat for beat...they even used similar animation!!!
  20. @emilyredden7905: So pretty much just like we’ve known money and power ruin families

- How The Trumps Held On to Generational Wealth | NYT News: Kind: captions Language: en grot the trust designed pass wealth between generations in 1995 Donald Trump and his siblings began to take ownership of most of their father's real estate empire while avoiding hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes they did so by creating to grant or retained annuity trusts also known as grads one for dad and one for Mom taxes are paid based on the final value of the Gras and this gave the trumps every incentive to lowball the value of the assets that's exactly what they did take for instance the Fountainbleu apartments in 1982 the Trump's valued 164 unit complex at fifteen point three million dollars but for the purposes of the grot they said it was worth just 2.9 million dollars they then broke up the ownership of the apartments giving almost half to Mary Trump Fred Trump's wife this allowed them to tell the IRS that Fred Trump who had exercised iron-fisted control over every brick of his empire for 70 years was a minority owner with no real say over his buildings this reduced the value of the empire by an additional 45% which dropped a fountain blues value to just 1.6 million dollars using the same aggressive techniques and Trump's transferred nearly all of Fred Trump's real estate holdings into the Graz including several shopping centers and more than 6,500 apartment units the siblings bought the assets with money from their father's businesses and mum and dad gave them the rest when the grat transfer was completed in 1997 the Trump's claimed that those 6,500 apartments were worth just 41 million dollars 8 years later the same property sold for more than six hundred and seventy million dollars meaning the Trump's avoided paying hundreds of millions of dollars in taxes

  Top Comments:
  1. @nytimes [164 likes]: Our investigation drew on tens of thousands of pages of confidential records. Most notably, the documents include more than 200 tax returns from Fred Trump, his companies and various Trump partnerships and trusts. Here’s our full investigation: https://nyti.ms/2DRzrdH
  2. @Ieatchildren749 [1 likes]: TRAITOR.
  3. @9Achaemenid [1 likes]: That's all American mega business do...if you can't get cut why stop cheating?
  4. @maxnetto: Trump was taught to win at ANY COST... including at the cost of TAXPAYERS...
  5. @walmartwanda: How The Trumps Held On to Generational Wealth? It is call inheritance.  Perfectly legal and the government gets a good chunk of it when it happens.
  6. @vinapalma4816: There are many ways to not pay tax or pay very little.. you just don't have the knowledge to get the knowledge of the professionals.
 Start there.  Stupid..
  7. @vinapalma4816: Is giving China secrets and gaining  millions while in the presidency the 
Same value as the Trump parents' wealth preservation that was handed to their kids.. 
Is it equal to a long seated house chairman who have a for knowledge of stock n earning millions ???
  8. @Jheff14All: Dgaf. He multiplied it by 5000. You can do the same with a cent and work your way up.
  9. @brandenaplin6078: Awesome, I’m always looking for ways not to pay taxes. Great job on keeping the money for his kids. Anyone would do the same in this situation.
  10. @Ell-77-7: So GRAT was illegal ?  if it was why was it allowed by the authorities to be used ?
  11. @carlboulais899: ELMER GANTRY
  12. @Jahoomis33783: This is horrible and biased and promoting hatred against Donald trump
  13. @amaaretz: Good.
  14. @ftheworlds: How many stories has the NYT written about dump being broke? Maybe his siblings kept a few bucks.
  15. @priyankak5912: Itk legal. End of media fuss
  16. @michaelWells-ef9bx: :face-turquoise-covering-eyes:~ 82% of Americans make less than $100k a year ..... 93% of the Stock market is owned by the Richest 10% of Americans = Yet people are voting to let the Super Rich Retain all the Money and Power in America ( Yes, Voting Against their Own Financial Interests ) ... The American Oligarchs are taking Hold ~ They can Now Buy Elections ...and not even have to lie about it ~ 
( Just don’t take my TickTock away Right :body-blue-raised-arms: ) :fish-orange-wide-eyes::fish-orange-wide-eyes:
  17. @michaelholder3933: My thinking is that if i have money it doesn't concern anyone how why or who i pass it down to.
  18. @ErnieHeyek: Brilliant! We should all take a lesson and learn how to use the system in our favor too. Totally legal and smart business.
  19. @texaswunderkind: No matter how you change the laws to tax the rich, they will still have a huge financial incentive to hire hordes of tax attorneys and accountants to work the system to their advantage.  There is literally no system you can devise that would get them to pay their fair share.  At least without taxing the middle class to death.  It is scary that my crappy house with thrashed carpet and old roof is worth almost as much as one of Trump's properties.  Who's the dummy here?
  20. @DanielleA2023: Translation: trump is a 🪱

- Living on Minimum Wage in NYC | New York Stories: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Jr I'm 26 I live in Manhattan on 22 000 a year [Music] hello hello come on in so this is the place this is it it's one room that's it it's a shoe box yep water wall and what we got uh something 72 inches we're out of tape so this is only 12 foot and we are at so I I'd say this is 14 14 foot by six foot 84 Square oh okay well plus your bed space so what is the rent of this apartment 687 a month 8 244 a year to live in Hill's kitchen you can't beat that no you can't you can't beat that you can't beat that how did you find this apartment Craigslist I had no idea what I was doing this was like kind of like a back burner apartment like first comes the worst if I can't find anything you know I was looking for bedrooms in Brooklyn seven eight nine hundred a thousand dollars for a bedroom right I didn't find anything this was my only like saved tab you can't increase it legally five percent more than five percent yearly for as long as I stay here right my neighbor's next door they've lived here for 12 years front door right bye Mandy foreign right next to it is my kitchen but I'll cook like chicken and a skillet some eggs soups it's not bad got my microwave pots and pans up there what I'm most excited about I have a whole Ash closet right towels hats clothes shoes my air conditioner fits in here yeah this thing it was here when I moved in actually so if I have bills Letters to Home postcards all that I'll write them here keep my coffee probiotics everybody very important Kitty treats one a day okay just one a day that's for later though she's already had one today it's a strict one a day policy and then I'll keep like you know oil up here cooking supplies below is kind of random stuff medicine oh yeah watercolor set too [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'll walk around just watercolor different buildings that I really really like so this window right here we're in it in the painting right so walking around New York City I feel like I'm in this beautiful painting so I wanted to put that on paper kind of what it feels like there's a photo taken in 1940. this is the building this is my living room it's Manny's living room actually store stuff in my nice little bookcase cameras all that stuff this nice Wing back chair and the ottoman it's like I can't afford to go buy brand new furniture I don't really know anyone who does that Salvation Army I thrifted it it was like 80 bucks find cool stuff for the cheap the window it opens all the way this is probably my favorite thing about my whole apartment if you look outside you can see Times Square the h m building it pokes up over the walk-ups and it's just really I've dreamed of this right never did I think of sunlight as a commodity right that's how I have plants so in the winter time the sun's facing this way in the summertime in the spring it'll hit all these plants right on they flourish they become so green my monstera like lifts up it's crazy manity loves it it's good for her she gets some fresh air but this right here check it out so do I go to the gym no it is so expensive right I can't afford that so if you back up check it out every day every morning I lay out the mat I got my yoga yeah you can't beat that a zero dollar gym in Manhattan what the heck come on I bike to work every single day right so I go to the Hudson go down a couple miles to Chelsea I bike every single day rain snow heat I don't care when I'm seeing people yeah I take the train but you know how many people can fit a bike in their apartment so how much per month would you say you spend on Transportation I don't know 20 bucks even I'm walking I'm biking the train is kind of like when I'm feeling a little lazy actually do you want to come to work with me man I'm a barista trainer so I bring in new people make them feel welcome I show them something I'm super passionate about I teach people how to make latte art how to make siphons chemexes all that great stuff like that's my job that's how I can live here in this apartment for 687 a month I'm a regular person I don't make a salary I get paid by the hour living here right and let me ask you would you say that you aren't enough to live comfortably in New York City yes absolutely if you you're smart about it so this is your bed up here yeah so you go up the staircase and up here the penthouse baby yeah dude and it's great because you know I keep the window open for the cat the sitting noise is honestly nice to fall asleep to sometimes when people aren't screaming if I come this way my bathroom it's right across the hallway [Music] and it's nice it's like almost bigger than my apartment my favorite part is this little Skylight we have up here when it rains it's like in Manhattan no is this a shared bathroom yes but uh no problems whatsoever good yeah super respectful I've never had an issue with that not once ever and you see how clean it is spotless right we both put in the work what's the dream why New York City Music is everything to me I get a little bashful foreign I figured you know I love people and I love places and putting yourself out there yeah I have a small space I don't have a lot of stuff but what I have I love I appreciate it more than I ever ever did anywhere else I live this bike it takes me everywhere I love this bike I respect this bike this guitar that is the most distilled way of self-expression that I have in my life so I take care of it I oil the fretboard I change the wires right I do all this stuff to make sure you know it stays okay because like I'm just gonna go out and buy another guitar getting a little deep and stuff but yeah what advice would you give to someone who has a big dream and wants to move to New York City is it possible in 2023 it is possible right now I gave up almost everything in my life family friends possessions my car I wanted to be here more than anything else this is the first place since my hometown that I feel like I belong here just go for it Mark Twain said go out on a limb right that's where the fruit is New York's this beautiful tree that produces fruit year round I'm picking these apples right I'm eating them I'm thriving because of that I get the most the most actual realistic full Human Experience here I walk down that street I hear French Arabic sometimes Italian Spanish in my hometown do you know what I heard English so I'm getting this insane experience of all the cultures put together in one little five Borough bubble I make 22k a year hourly you gotta want it right you can't just kind of oh I guess I'll go to New York no like I am going to live in New York would you say right now living in New York City is worth it yes 100 percent hundred percent if I was living in half the size of the space paying twice as much it would be worth it to me Eric no doubt in my mind no hesitation I would have still done everything to get here for that period [Music] [Applause] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @erikvanconover [3000 likes]: Could you make it work in NYC on $22k a year? Make sure to give JR a follow!
  2. @muffin7320 [1 likes]: What a positive guy. Great to see and hope he's still doing well.
God bless you, JR my dude!
  3. @scottmyles9131 [1 likes]: Normally I would never say this, but take that cat for a walk, man!
  4. @ademyilgor [1 likes]: What is the song thats playing at the end??? 

PLEASE TELL ME I HAVENT HEARD SOMETHING MORE BEAUTIFUL
  5. @Sushisandsashimis: Till you have a family sure you can live in a space smaller than my actual closet
  6. @hnavarro9504: The USA is a dystopian nightmare
  7. @tfmarcom: A lesson in gratitude. Very refreshing
  8. @weyIanyutani: He's the biggest example of "money cannot buy happiness."
  9. @SBuilder-g3u: Are you and the neighbors sharing athlete’s foot, too?
  10. @fullblownmind1551: I mean,  he clearly is a very basic guy.   Nothing wrong with that,  just a lot easier to live on a budget when you don't want a lot and you have talent out the ass and are humble about it
  11. @AureliuzRex: I want to be more like him.
  12. @imkash-r8t: In Manhattan funny 😂
  13. @paulweed9405: I am Paul live in montreal queerbec Canada i live  on 10,474$ a year
  14. @JojoStarmaster: Poor Mandy. not able to leave that tiny room for most of her life
  15. @sweetjulius440: This guy seems so happy and wholesome. Proof that perspective is everything. Super cool that he loves NYC so much and is that determined to make it work no matter what. His attitude about things will take him far fr
  16. @noneofyourbusiness73: this is some bs
  17. @asafros12: He is such a sweet guy!
  18. @AlpineSolitude: I never got the appeal of living in a shoebox just so you can say you're in NYC. I'll take Mountains and green space every day over this claustrophobic living.
  19. @vladspb_: If there is no private bathroom, it's not an apartment it's just a room.
  20. @kenpachi1112: How many people can fit a bike in their apartment he said, ummm idk mayb every single person in the entire world? Lmaooo

- Buying Or Selling A Home? How To Choose A Trusted, Professional Agent!: Kind: captions Language: en let's talk today about how an expert can give you Clarity in today's market let's go [Music] good day welcome to PM New York my name is Peter McLean from corporate and if you're new to the Channel please hit like And subscribe ring that Bell for future notifications and if you love the video please leave a comment below always love to hear from you the housing Market's been going through its shifts lately and that's why it's so important to work with the industry professional who can guide you throughout the process a real estate expert uses their knowledge of what's really happening right now with home prices housing Supply Expo projections and more to give you the best advice and someone who can provide Clarity like that is critical right now Jay Thompson real estate industry consultant explains housing market headlines are everywhere many are quite Sensational ending with exclamation points or predicting impending doom for the industry clickbait the sensationalizing of headlines and content has been at issue since the dawn of the internet and housing news is not immune to it unfortunately when information in the media is not clear it can generate a lot of fear and uncertainty in the market as Jason Lewis co-founder and chief data officer at parcel says in the absence of trustworthy up-to-date information real estate decisions are increasingly being driven by fear uncertainty and doubt but it doesn't have to be that way buying a home is a big decision and it should be one you feel confident in making you can lean on an expert to help you separate fact from fiction and get you the answers you need the right agent can help you understand what's happening on a national and a local level and they can debunk headlines with data you can trust experts have in-depth knowledge of the industry and can provide context so they know how current trends compare with normal Ebbs and flows in the industry historical data and more then to get the full picture an agent can tell you if your local area is following a national Trend or if they're seeing something different in your Market together you can use all that information to make the best possible decision after all making a move is a potentially life-changing Milestone it should be something you feel ready for and excited about that's where trusted real estate expert comes in if you'd like any further information about what we've talked about today or indeed anything in real estate my details in the description below and that's it for another episode of PM New York my name is Peter McLean from Corcoran and if you haven't already liked to subscribe do so now ring that Bell for future notifications and if you love the video please leave a comment below always love to hear from you okay take care and I look forward to seeing you all again very soon in the next episode of PM New York thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @arnaudesalmons886 [1 likes]: Thanks for the helpful advice.
  2. @afriyandiafriyandi9456 [1 likes]: Fantastic tips as always……bravo
  3. @arnaudesalmons886 [1 likes]: Really enjoyed this video, gave me a lot of insight into the real estate world.

- MOVING to NYC?: How to Choose the RIGHT Neighborhood! (And Avoid the WRONG Ones): Kind: captions Language: en today we're going to discuss how to find the right new york city neighborhood if you're considering moving here watch till the end we've got a lot of great tips that can help you out what's up everyone it's jon and i was originally going to title this video how to find the perfect new york city neighborhood and i realized that there really is no perfect neighborhood every area has its pros and cons but picking the right neighborhood for you is such an important decision that can really make or break your experience here so we're going to get started with money because well you've got to be able to afford that neighborhood you're interested in i've got good news and bad news for you if you're watching this video in january of and since i try to be an optimist we're going to start with the good news and the rental prices in new york city are at levels not seen in the last 10 years they are that low and ignoring all the issues with a pandemic if you're planning on moving here in the near term you could get one heck of a deal to illustrate this my old apartment in grench village which i paid 27.50 for up until october of 2020 just rented at 17.50 a month 1 000 cheaper than i was paying 250 cheaper than i originally rented it at nine years ago and to think the landlords offered it to me at 27.50 again for this coming year but i digress the bad news is i don't know how long these cheap prices are going to last now new york city in general is a very expensive place to live particularly in the neighborhoods that many newcomers are drawn to if you'd like to go out to eat a lot in the east village it's going to add up after a while now back to money you need to find out if you can afford the neighborhood of your choice and rather than just googling what is the average rent in soho what you need to do is go to streeteasy.com and select by neighborhood set a price range and poke around for example this lovely shoebox apartment can be yours for just sixteen hundred dollars a month and it comes with a great view of another building's wall i mean can you really put a price on something like that the point here is many people would actually be shocked at what you can get for your money right now in 2021 but if you're watching this video in a few years prices could change so i always recommend starting on streeteasy.com to seeing what the exact market is looking like right now i've got two extra tips here one is just because the neighborhood that you're interested in is really expensive doesn't mean you can't afford to live there if you get a roommate roommates are very common in new york city heck i lived with my twin brother for seven years in a 350 square foot apartment because that was the only way we were going to be able to afford greenwich village the second tip is to live in your preferred neighborhood by living right next to it let me give you a prime example in my current neighborhood of park slope brooklyn a one bedroom apartment is renting for about 2 300 to hundred dollars a month but if you cross fourth avenue one street over into gowanus rent prices will drop by about five hundred dollars or so a month and the only real difference over there is the name of the neighborhood in the past you would see the same thing living in greenwich village versus living in soho just one block south past houston street the rent prices would go up about three to four hundred dollars a month so the big tip here is if you have a neighborhood that you're dead set on living just one or two blocks away from the neighborhood boundaries could save you a substantial amount of money and you'll still be spending most of your time in that neighborhood anyway check out the compass guide to new york city neighborhoods now you can't underestimate the value of actually visiting areas of new york city by yourself but if you need a good place to start if you know absolutely nothing about new york city neighborhoods this online guide is really good i think compass.com put together a fantastic list of 64 popular new york city neighborhoods it shows you key attributes the location on a map what subways are nearby commuting times and even a ton of photos i'm putting that link in the description if you're curious i even learned a lot just by poking through this website next up what's your reason for moving here now from many newcomers to new york city it is school and if you're moving here for college i do recommend living very close to wherever that school is because you don't only want to be close to there for class but you also want to be nearby for social purposes for clubs so for example if you're going to columbia for grad school you probably want to live in morningside heights now a job is a little bit different let's say you're moving to new york for a job in midtown manhattan you need to determine how close you want to be to the office and for many people that's a tough decision you know 20 to 30 minutes would be my maximum commute time then again with current pandemic pricing you can afford to live in many neighborhoods in manhattan that you probably always thought were actually out of reach now if you're like i was when i first moved to new york working an online job you can be a bit more selfish with your preferences and for me i was in my 20s i wanted to live in an area with a lot of nightlife a lot of things going on and that was very central to everything in manhattan and greenwich village checked all of those boxes and that's why i lived there for so many years now if you're coming here with a family you might be more drawn to laid back neighborhoods like the upper west side or carroll gardens in brooklyn if you want me to make a video in the future about what i think are the best neighborhoods for people who are new to new york city tell me down below in the comments and i'll consider creating something and also if you're enjoying this video make sure to smash that like button so youtube knows you're watching space this is one of those things that surprises people so much about moving to new york city and is probably one of the main reasons just about every apartment tour i've ever done has 100 000 or more views and if you're not oozing money from early bitcoin investing getting a big space in lower manhattan is likely going to be out of your price range if you want more space coming in knowing that brooklyn and queens are going to provide that is going to save you a lot of time in narrowing down your neighborhood decisions but if location is a bigger factor to you than the size of your apartment then lower manhattan could make sense especially with the massive price drops of laid now you can find blogs online talking about individual the pros and the cons but just remember that's one writer's opinion there's nothing better than going with your gut walking around a neighborhood and just getting a feel for it for example my current apartment here in park slope brooklyn i walked around park slope and i immediately felt at home here i felt like this was a place i could really enjoy and similarly when i moved to greenwich village in my first apartment i knew that area very well from coming there all the time to hang out when i grew up in jersey i want to take a moment right now to let you guys in on a cool offer we have for the month of january if you join our patreon i'm going to be sending you one of adriana's new york city digital calendars absolutely for free you can put this on the lock screen of your computer you can put it as your desktop background i'm using mine as we speak it's very cool and on our patreon we give you a lot of bonus content bonus videos early access to vlogs and more check it out link down below in the description talk to your friends yes this requires you to actually have friends in new york city but if your friends have similar interests to you i'm assuming that's why you're friends with them their opinions about their neighborhood or neighborhoods that they know of can be invaluable or worst case ask your friends of friends what their opinions are of new york city neighborhoods this kind of intel is very important and it's always nice to get multiple opinions about different areas of the city to live in subway connections now this isn't a problem in most of manhattan where you're generally at worst a 15 or 20 minute walk to a subway station but there's some areas in brooklyn and queens that have a lot of space and you're going to be impressed by the size of these apartments but they're absolutely poorly connected by subway and if you're just moving to new york city i think having good access to all of the city is something that's very important so do be careful about that do make sure on the map looking at your neighborhood of choice that it does have decent connections to public transportation guys now it's your turn tell me down below in the comments if you lived in new york city or you live here now how did you pick your neighborhood and was it a good decision why or why not make sure to check out my moving to new york city playlist or our neighborhood guide playlist if you need some ideas of places to live in new york city we've covered so much guys thank you so much for watching as always until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @guitarman416 [26 likes]: I am thinking about moving to NYC in the next year or two as a fresh start. Haven’t been to the city since I was a teenager. A guide on neighborhoods for a newbie would be great. Love the content!
  2. @HereBeBarr [14 likes]: Scroll back up and hit like because I want YouTube to know you're watching!
⭐ JOIN Our Patreon in January and Get a FREE NYC Digital Calendar:  http://www.patreon.com/HereBeBarr
🎬 Moving to NYC Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OTziXU2bQKI&list=PLb_xU7RWYGbYx0gd_kJBFJrCqpF6Qjkts
🎬 NYC Neighborhood Guides:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktDacaK7UYI&list=PLb_xU7RWYGbZqpllAOntM6vSMTbhiPNDj

🏠 WANT $40.00 off your first Airbnb stay?: http://bit.ly/2Wgu1hC
🍕 Buy Me A Slice of Pizza: https://www.buymeacoffee.com/herebebarr
✈️ TRAVEL FOR FREE With These Rewards Credit Cards: http://bit.ly/328jVBX

CONNECT-
✅ VISIT MY WEBSITE: http://www.ny-guide.com
✅ FOLLOW ME ON IG: http://www.instagram.com/here.be.barr
✅ FOLLOW ME ON TWITTER: http://www.twitter.com/herebebarr
✅ LIKE US ON FACEBOOK: http://www.facebook.com/herebebarr
✅ FOLLOW ME ON TIKTOK: @HereBeBarr
📧 SEND ME AN EMAIL: herebebarr@gmail.com (Note: I don't offer private tours of NYC. If it's not business related, I can't promise I'll respond but I will do my best)
  3. @gregthebaritone [6 likes]: well, this video aged poorly
  4. @kevinjeter3919 [2 likes]: 2 years later theyre high af now , watching this makes me want to cry lmao
  5. @princessmarlena1359 [2 likes]: I’ve lived all over NYC.  I was on Coney Island of Brooklyn, could see the Wonder Wheel from my place.  

Then there was Hell’s Kitchen, Manhattan with my psychopath land lady who reminded me of Mommy Long Legs (personality and voice), and my equally psycho neighbors in the building who were like the animatronic characters from Five Nights At Freddy’s: Sister Location. 

I shacked up with a guy who owned his own penthouse in the upper east side, before he dumped me and kicked me out after he got bored with me. 

After that, I almost moved onto Staten Island, but it was too scary (especially after dark).  

Then I helped my roommates finish out their lease near VanCourtland Park in the Bronx, by taking the place of their ex roommate who went to jail. 

There was also Bensonhurst, Brooklyn where I briefly lived in a brownstone owned by my at the time boyfriend.  At first, he let me move in, but became abusive and demanded that I pay rent, live in the maid quarters downstairs, and cover utilities.  I moved out and broke up with him.

I also lived in the back of a few theaters off of Broadway.
  6. @mistertwister2000 [1 likes]: I just want to know which will be most likely for me to encounter Spider-Man in
  7. @gta_barbers [1 likes]: What job pays $5,000 a month, have a kid and then you need a job that pays $10,000 a month.😅
  8. @shasmi93 [1 likes]: This dude looks like a homeless Mark Cuban….
  9. @JoseGarcia-kv6ef: Can you please make an updated version of this video please! 🙏
  10. @ryanh1335: ANy thoughts on whether Newark or Jersey city are nice places to live now?
  11. @JohnMoog-ug6bk: “Around blacks never relax”
  12. @Arkenciiiel: we want to know the ones who are safe 🙂
  13. @europebasedvlogs1251: - commute
- social purposes

- walk around it, area etc
  14. @majormediaproductions: Why arent there many videos on lower west side Manhattan?
  15. @fullmoon1072: Im very grateful for your videos
  16. @tonybernardi775: NYC is horrible!!!!! Do not move there !!!!!
  17. @z.j4639: “Here’s a tip. If you want to save money, find a roommate “ dude the value of this video is only limited to recommending compass website
  18. @markwalter4881: Two guys in a 350 sq ft apartment. You could join the submarine corps and get spacious living accommodations. You could goto the zoo and say to the animals in pens, "I feel your pain!" But, if you want to live in NYC that bad. Well. Adapt.
  19. @zizibressa4251: In 22 years in NYC the safety neighborhood was Astoria ;Greek/Italian but after all crazy stuff The gentrification destroyed this once safe place. Now the gangs from others places are all over Astoria but still safer then others neighborhoods
  20. @Harta23: Hello dear friend greeting from MACAU CHINA
Thanks so much for great sharing
Full watching and suport

- A perfect career for those juggling work and family commitments!: Kind: captions Language: en we've always been a two income family but we're a family with family commitments and time constraints so for me that meant finding a career opportunity that was rewarding challenging and flexible weikert was my answer from the moment i started their training program i knew i was going to love this company weikert university combines group training with one-on-one mentoring and the internet and it doesn't just stop when you get your license it's ongoing so when you have a question about pricing financing writing offers open houses whatever there's always someone with the answers and when it comes to selling weikert's developed an incredible listing tool it's a customized marketing plan with our unique pricing methodology believe me that alone gives me a distinct advantage over the competition we don't take a cookie-cutter approach to selling a house we go the extra mile and determine the home's specific features and amenities and even a timeline to give the best pricing structure for the home then we develop a customized listing presentation and produce professional marketing materials for each home sellers are amazed at all of this because they see their property in print on the web and represented in the most professional way possible this blows away any competition and really helps me take pride in what i do but the bottom line for me it's the people i've never seen such energy and positive attitudes new ideas are always flying people recognize even the little things you do they'll say that's great or thank you can i tell you what a difference that makes in a work environment everybody at weikert is part of the team and i like that as a matter of fact you could say weikert's become my second family and i like that too you

- Season 1 Episode 9 | Investor Turned Agent: How a First Property Sparked a New Career: Kind: captions Language: en I want to take this opportunity to really encourage buyers to open up and we're not here to scam you we're here to help you [Music] yeah hello everyone and welcome back to connecting the dots where we unravel the complexities of real estate in Malaysia my name is Joanne I'm the host for this show and today we have a very special guest with us he is someone that I know since probably I was eight now probably eight probably right yes and we were both from the same primary school and we were from the same class and now we are working as a team together uh he's part of the team and he has been focusing uh to help sellers or even landlords to dispose their house or run out their house in oaklan Road area specifically in tamanda so let's welcome Shen hi guys yes good the hi guys is really um yes signature thing so yes it's interesting how we got reconnect that after uh I think a long period of Silence probably about 10 years more than that right uh and I think um it's amazing because how we got connected is uh during covid time as you can still remember uh when uh we were marketing uh some velocity too and then I think and then I was prospecting uh through my phone book and then I just reach out to Shan and then ask if he's interested to invest in I I think we started talking before that yeah so I think um I was at a stage where I was trying to understand real estate more okay and because I've seen multiple Facebook posts from you regarding real estate and I knew you were in the industry so I mess I believe I messaged you to say um please teach me or educate me on this on this topic yeah and and then slowly it became Sunway velocity right okay okay okay yes so Shen it's already in our team for two years years two years plus and he wasn't doing this before at all so maybe you can tell us a little bit about yourself um okay so um do I go way back way back U maybe uh I don't know education okay okay okay so um I believe um I would describe my childhood as pretty uneventful an average uh didn't really know what I want to do didn't really have any strong interest or inclination towards anything so um I pretty much uh was like that until perhaps even my like the stage where I had to decide what degree to do so you didn't have an ambition like who do you want to become I didn't really I knew what I didn't want to become like what I didn't want to become an engineer yeah I didn't want to become like um anything to do with I don't know the Sciences I guess yes yeah like not biologist you were also musically inclined no not really but you were in the band what would you do what were you doing in the band already uh I was playing the trumpet yeah but but it wasn't really okay okay uh anything I was passionate about yeah so I was so when I was um it was time to decide on my degree I chose something super General to give myself options in case I have something yes that I want to pursue so I did a degree in accounting and finance super General I knew I didn't want to be an engineer so no point doing the Sciences something in the Arts where it's General so did you do science stream or art stream went in high school science so I did science up to eight levels because it was the most General option okay you more options everything has to be General okay yeah so General up to um deciding to do accounting and finance I did that and when it was time to uh sort of think about what jobs to apply for or rather what industries interview for at that time it was very um trendy to look into Investment Banking and finance at that time the big money the big money and uh my degree was quite suited for that so I actually uh prepared for interviews and um did a lot I actually did go for interviews did apply for uh big names big Banks but um I wasn't very successful okay uh even if I got to the interview stage I wasn't success and I also notice as time goes by uh I wasn't very interested in in the topics like because you have to prepare for the topics you have to be uh very uh aware of what's going on in in economics in politics in uh policies the macros I wasn't interested in any of that yeah so I I wasn't like naturally reading up about it I had to force myself to prepare for it so I knew something wasn't right there um and uh so I started asking myself what do I what what do I gravitate towards um naturally without forcing myself without it being a chore and I noticed that um I like reading about businesses I I like to read about how businesses um develop from from their early stages to where they are now and like um business stories basically um stories about their Founders biographies I love reading about those without being forced to to read so I I thought okay why don't let's pivot let's just go away from the finances the investment Banks let's go into um businesses so I started applying for business roles like proper business roles not not consultancy not not your accounting uh audit jobs or those kind of stuff and then um surprisingly I I got it it uh in my first attempt So when you say Business site means what business development kind of Ro so um instead of you know how like investment Banks you are just uh applying for um like Finance roles U but business you're actually in a role like I I I was applying to a function a sales function a strategy function like more business inh housee more uh specific to a business uh growing kind of thing so um the first role I applied to was a uh sales role okay yeah so um I I got the job pretty um smoothly pretty is this your first job after gradu yes my first job so um I knew I was in my element I knew like I was wasting my time previously and I was in my element already yeah so um I was so this company is a private Equity company where they buy small businesses they build them up and they sell it okay yeah so um I really enjoy my time there because I get to see how businesses were formed yeah and then when we come in how we trans the bus and later on I can see how they perform later I mean the exit part doesn't really matter but how I I can see how the business Grew From from beginning from the beginning or rather from early stages to to sometimes uh quite uh a number of years later okay yeah so and within this company I join in sales and then pre and then after that I spent some time in strategy and I spent some time uh in my final years there in supply chain uh so I got to see pretty much yeah uh from the supply side to the same company all within the same company yeah and um because this company uh manages quite a few Brands I was able to see how different brands do things differently um I was able to see in terms of marketing how they Market how they position and how they even in terms of branding how they the the words they use like like all these kind of things that we don't really see from a consumer yeah point of view yeah I I got the experience of that so so that was I would say a very formative experience for me do you remember what particular um business that really you were in awe of how they managed to become I don't know in the rides became the greens did you did you manage to see a huge transformation of a a particular business yeah so so there was this one business um that was pretty much I would say the lagard in the team uh in the the whole company where it was has been uh in the rate for many years and then theyve they've changed the leadership quite a few times and uh I think it took someone really gutsy uh to change the direction completely and to really communicate yeah um what he wants to do clearly to all the partners and that really I I felt got the Buy in from many stakeholders and then move the business forward yeah and and I felt like one of the things that I really appreciate from this experience is how they um brought in a sense of family it was a family business so they they treated every business like a family what industry was that uh it's in um consumer goods just not not in terms of like uh fast moving FMC it's not it's a basically clo clothing shoes uh sp sp equipment those kind of stuff yeah yeah so um I think it really made me think about uh right if I at that time if I were to go into my own business in the in the future um how how would I want to treat my employees for example how would I um want to um what sort of culture I want to cultivate those those kind of things did you have an opportunity to really go very close to uh the key leaders yeah I was fortunate enough right that um a lot of the roles I was in yeah uh was very sort of like um new roles uh which report directly to the management so so I was able to be involve his strategy you know that's from a management like closer to the management point of view how many years were you in that company uh I was there for 4 years plus I believe wow yeah so I believe like you really felt I think that was when you were inspired to run to start your own business one day yeah um I I felt like at the very least I I knew I was very interested in running a business okay yeah uh in general yeah just business in general is something that I'm very interested in yeah so right now uh I think you are also running your own business apart from real estate agent so maybe you can share with us like what are you doing okay so um so after my uh stin in that company I uh started a business with my brother okay so this business is in animal feed um so it's an exporting business a lot to do with trade okay uh so um it it's just a twom man show basically me and my brother we do everything from um but why why animal feed like uh my brother started it first yeah so uh I joined him okay yeah so uh it wasn't my idea it wasn't something that we we it's just something that we stumbled upon rather he stumbled upon and he got me to come in to to be involved is he a big fan of animals that's why not really I also felt like he stumbled upon it so it's by it's opportunity is by faith that we we just happen to to to go into it's not like your love any yeah so um and also uh I believe you can relate to as well being in a I mean starting a business as a Twan show from the beginning it's uh very um handson is very thrown into the deep and you just have to make it work um figure it out that kind of stuff which year was it in that you all really started this uh I believe 2015 so it's almost 10 years already W and it's still ongoing right yeah yeah still ongoing yeah has the Twan show become like five or 10 no it's still a Twan show yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's still the day to day like um you mean just in that bus in that business um a lot of actually quite s to the real estate uh side of things a lot of lead gen a lot of uh fulfilling so like you will look at things through transactions we look at things through orders same thing actually every order every transaction has their issues every transaction you will learn new things new problems learn new things new new lessons so um same thing basically um ups and downs Seasons uh different curve balls as uh Jonathan like to say expect unexpected it applies it applies yeah so 10 years I think it's not easy to sustain a business for 10 years they always say that it's easy to start but it's the hardest to maintain and sustain right so what motivates you as a business owner yourself and now honestly you are also a business owner in the real estate industry so what what motivates you to keep going and and maintaining this and making sure that it's profitable M yeah I I think um it's uh because I find joy in it yeah so I think um overcoming challenges and also seeing that I'm actually okay from from the real estate point of view helping someone that I find a lot of joy in there um but uh from the other side of things I'm also helping um my partners uh fulfill their their side of their business bu yeah so for me it's um I find joy in it so that yeah I I find I do find joy in it so okay then it's like when you have this real estate and your own business and Export it's just export that's no import no no import yeah right this these two businesses right you mentioned that the similarities between both are really also heavily uh Centric on Services providing Services right so you yourself like where how do you find the tenacity or the perseverance to keep providing service because we all know that we have difficult clients so what keeps you going to maintain a very high standard of providing services to your clients both in real estate and your business I think ultimately um what I find most useful is to understand what they really want and to come to to sort of think from their point of view um why are they being difficult to put it pretty blondly why are they being difficult or maybe maybe we are we see the diffic the difficult side but actually maybe they have a different re yeah different point of view or they have their reasons try to understand where they're coming from perhaps I would say most of the time whatever uh whatever we think the issue is is not really the issue that's actually an underlying issue that uh we didn't really address so um I think I try to see it from that point of view step in their step in their shoes or rather try and understand actually or rather have a conversation and try and see why um things are uh the way it is at the moment or they behave a certain way exactly so um I think want to understand um you will come to a better mindset or better um way of facing this problem yeah different mindset right yeah so maybe we switch gear a little bit to go on to real estate right yeah and uh because I like that you you said that um you would step into whether or not a buyer or seller shoe to try to understand why they behave a certain way or why they say certain things or why we think that they they are actually difficult clients perhaps and before that I just want to let the listeners know that we always feel that Shan is the best agent to deal with Buyers especially somehow he has that you know magic words or or or a script to really make the buyer believe in you and trust you and um put the biggest decision of their life to purchase a home in your hands right uh that that's the reputation that that that he has reput do and I'm just wondering like um like how how do you do that how do you even try to understand uh especially on the buyer part that uh what they're feeling uh what they're looking for in buying a residential home yeah okay so I try to get them to tell me okay um I try to uh understand from them okay what they are truly looking for and I TR and and by also um having conversations or rather having suggestions of the listings that we have and uh through their feedback as well I try to understand what they're really looking for and also at what stage of their Journey they at and from there I truly believe that I'm actually matchmaking um housers to uh future owners so um it's all about what is suitable for them and I will never try to push something that is not suitable I will never try and convince them that a listing is the house for them it's I'm I I'm a big believer of um if it's meant to be it will be so um I always believe that uh the right house will come and we will just have to uh journey and prevere until that house uh appears for this buyer that that is uh how I approach okay it also sounds like you are not uh an agent that would simply oh today you got a listing you would just blast all your database right you would literally look through your client's list and see that okay perhaps this is only suitable for two buyers in my 100 database some for example right you won't just blast to all yeah so um I would have some sort of foul thought in my head of this person looking for XY Z and if something I feel like hey I think she may like or he may like this house I would only propose it to to to those uh prospects I think it is so challenging to get our clients to really tell us the truth of what they want right how do you do that okay so that is something I also find challenging um I I feel like uh buyers um if you really want to find the the right house for you uh even if it's not for own state if it's for investment purposes whatever it is whatever purpose uh you have I really encourage the buyer to um with whatever whichever agent you're comfortable with sit down with them and and be open with them with what they're looking for I somehow sense that some prospects some buyers they withhold information because I don't know I get the sense that they are afraid that we may scam them I I I get that sense I I'm not like obviously they didn't say to me but I get the sense that they're withholding information even information like what they're looking for yeah um agree and they withhold that thinking that they make get the upper hand or something like something that if we don't know then we can't scam them or something but I would really want to take this opportunity to encourage buyers to um pick an agent you're comfortable with corre and really be open with them um your your needs where you are at at your journey what have you seen what what have you seen that you don't like or like it really helps us to really um understand you and also find you that perfect home that you're looking for and I I always find um responses that I get uh and these are I feel very often nowadays um responses like I will let you know if I'm interested full stop or no response yes and when I ask them when I follow out with them a few days later oh sorry I it's not suitable yeah um I would like to know why you see so I can understand why and I can I can propose you because we have a lot of listings and we have a lot of listings through different uh across different areas also so I'm pretty sure there is always an option that that uh we haven't explored that's right yeah so I I I want to take this opportunity to really encourage buyers to open up and we're not here to scam you we're here to help you correct I think uh nowadays it's just when you share too much people feels that become more vulnerable and then you know they always feel the agents are like you know trying to you know get money from you or trying to like you say scam or cheat or or sell you something that it's above market value and things like that and I really feel that um this perception of real estate agent uh it's we are very sorry that the public has this perception about us and we are trying very hard every day to try to be different or be better um and to deliver uh a higher standard right than than the other agents and I think uh to be very honest a lot of our colleagues out there who are in the real estate uh industry are really good agents actually uh I really hear lesser stories now about how agents really go and scam people or or not I won't say scam like they probably misrepresent or became very pushy and things like that um good Agent there are good agents out there there's still hope uh for for you to find someone that you're very comfortable with that holds high integrity on their work and takes pride in it and and really think on your behalf think for you uh to give you the best service yeah I agree I think a lot of agents that I've come across uh co-agents our own colleagues uh Co agents within this our Market I get the impression everyone is genuinely there to help yeah yeah it's I think it's a matter of you finding who you're comfortable and work with that that agent yeah so maybe you can also share with us like uh what was the toughest client that you yourself even feel that W even you don't have the patience or the tenacity to follow up with this client do do you have a client like that yeah I okay um clients who uh like I mentioned just now just refuse to open up U that one I really feel like I cannot help you because I really don't understand what you want and you're not willing to give me any feedback um also clent who are very I would say um intimidating uh they would not want to discuss things they would want to bulldo their way through um uh conversations like not allowing us to explain or not allowing us to uh do our jobs even yeah so I I feel like for example can you give us like an example that that you have encountered so um it clients who I would say for example not let us show the house uh in a particular way they they want to bring in um I don't know friends and family and they would do their own viewing for example yeah me you you bring you you brought someone there but you were sort of being uh just the key opener yeah the door opener yeah yeah it's very hard for me to have a conversation to understand like what you're looking for and then um I I feel like uh I'm not able to provide good service if I'm not part of the conversation yeah that that that's an examp take over they want yeah right I mean everyone has their own style yes uh but yeah it it will be difficult for me if they uh if they don't allow us to help yeah that's true then what about share with as one of the most fulfilling um deal that you have done or most fulfilling moment that you that you have encountered in the real estate um for some reason yeah I tend to end up being friends with my my clients so there's a few deals where I actually made friends with with with the buyer or the seller and uh we still keep in touch that's good yeah so uh a couple of um and and these are buyers where I've helped them find a home uh so they they were renting or they were were um trying to move out of their family home so I I found uh homes for them where you know it's really suitable it's really what they're looking for within their budget and uh I've managed to still keep in touch with them and every now and then we still uh meet up uh to to have coffee or something yeah what is the longest time that you took to find a buyer their perfect home or yeah does it take very long is they open up no yeah I think it's true if they if they really open up if they open up no it doesn't take very long exactly yeah so if they if I really understand them yeah actually it's so it's much easier to actually go out there and find a house for them yeah yeah it's really about transparency yeah but again it it's um not entirely the prospects for maybe we have to learn how to bring it out of them um but I still haven't found the the secret formula so I'll just have to um continue try trying yeah but I think sometimes it's because we're all human um it's very difficult to say that that is the right formula to get someone to open up and and for me uh I really feel that I strongly believe that when we open up ourselves first when we are vulnerable ourselves first then eventually over time do see we are sincere and and they will uh kind of like reach out to us even without us asking questions and I think um just yesterday uh we're having a meeting with the banga team uh Dar was just asking us you know do we need to send a set of questions to our Prospect uh so that they get to give us an answer of what they're looking for and he did that for to a few Prospect and I realized that it's not as effective through um physical um intera because yes I agree that sometimes you just want to do your pre-qualifying work uh by sending some questions some people like that because uh they like it to be just answer okay you're looking for free hole leas hole uh old house new house renovated or not how many rooms and all this and some people feel that it is very easy for me to tell this agent what I want because it's very simple I just need to answer yes or no questions or things like that so some some people find it it works but some people didn't even bother to respond to Daryl's uh reply and he was we were just trying to brainstorm hey you know how can we do better and things like that so I really believe that there's no right formula so we're just really trying out uh to see how we can help especially buyers to really open up to us to share with us or what they want yeah I do have my set of questions as well yeah so I would usually ask what are you looking for which areas would you consider and also what is your budget so these questions for me um the B give me a very uh general idea of where you're looking at and also generally I already can tell if this listing that you're inquiring for meets whatever you're looking for however like you said not everyone is up up for answering those questions yeah yeah okay then uh those that we have discussed is mainly uh buyers who are looking to have to buy a house for own stay what about investor because I know you're investor yourself you have purchased some velocity with me yes uh so we are can't wait it's going to hand over very soon um so what about investor do you think that they think very differently oh yeah yeah 100% so I I feel the general um impression I got from investors who are looking uh for properties to buy and my own experience as well is uh investors are more uh rational and logical rather than um em like having emotions affect their buying decision it's number it is uh just qu um qualitative um data basically it's just that as simple and they make decisions very quickly and I notice investors are also more open to to share they they just they they can immediately tell me what is the return uh Roi they looking for uh they are easy to set viewings do viewings with they come in and go out in in matter of minutes yeah so a very different Bunch uh versus people who are looking for own stay right so as investors like what you say they purely just looking at numbers but I think some investors um maybe I would say that the new investors they have this mindset where uh okay maybe I also need to like it so that who knows in the future I may want to stay before I rent out you know I don't want to get my keys already then uh I immediately rent out I want to probably also like it have you met any um client profile like that usually um I would say buyers who are uh not sure or rather they're quite early in their decision uh uh in their house home buying Journey uh they don't really know what they they want usually those or or rather people who also don't have an urgent need for place to stay also sometimes they they might be something that they would use to stay for own stay 20 years later but now it's just for for investment so I can see why they are looking for something that they might like or they might potentially see themselves staying in because they could be uh they are still staying with their family for the next 10 years true 10 years later they will come in that that kind okay it's a valid point I would say that that's that's very true but you as an investor when you started your first purchase how did you feel at that time did did you feel that you made decision very quickly okay so um at that time I uh when I contacted you I was um at a stage where I had zero real estate knowledge like I have no idea uh I just know people like to talk about per square feet but I don't even know how big a square feet looks like so I was at a stage where I am completely clueless I I told you that that I'm completely clueless and I told you to educate me but what triggered you to want to even go into this yeah okay so um I have been investing for some time okay and as you know as you and I know real estate is a conventional traditional asset class that everyone at some point will think about okay and it's something that I haven't thought about okay and I felt like it's something I should know and I should diversify into yeah so it's something that I want to know and it's for me to know so it's um it's something that at that time I felt like you know it's about time it's about time for me to know that's why you know I reconnected with you and um so at that time it was an interesting time because it was during MCO correct so um house viewing is not possible site visiting is not possible you we I would just have to rely on virtual tours Google Map and good old data basically I knew uh from the very start that I was looking for something for investment is not for own stay so I knew uh data was going to be very important and um I knew that uh I it is for renting out so it would need to be somewhere that has uh a lot of uh economic activity Commerce activity so I think um when I first contacted you I believe s velocity was one of the first uh listings or other corre projects that you suggested but I wasn't um convinced yes because I felt like it's only the first property I I heard about I should take some time to uh view more and then as I view more I learn about more sort of like data to take into consideration uh how to look for past transactions how to look how to calculate um roughly what could be the rental year the ROI um pros and cons for everything so uh finally I I felt like Sunway velocity was The Sweet Spot The Sweet Spot yeah but um like you said still don't know still don't know uh it's coming soon uh we'll just have to stay tuned to find out we can probably have yeah we can probably do like a like a review our decision and what we thought previously and what um in reality what it is cor correct and I think at that point uh you also research on multiple projects before you decided but how come you didn't look into secondary Market as an investment yeah or did you I felt like okay I did okay I did but again secondary Market um okay I I'll split secondary Market into both landard and condos um landed from a numbers point of view will never beat uh condos in terms of rental you yeah and the cash flow cash flow as well so so that's why I felt like you know I didn't want to tie up so much money in landed subsale uh in terms of landed new project too far away from from from the city um sub sale uh condos condos are very good because it's already there you get to see past transactions you get to see um everything um but at that time MCO we couldn't view yeah okay we couldn't view so it's a difficult uh sort of research uh Journey if I want to go down that road and then um again uh there's so many um housing uh incentives at that time because of M and all these things so I felt like you know my first 90% loan um let's try new new development yeah do you would you say that during that time lockdown right couldn't you have waited after lockdown only you do your first investment like what makes you feel that okay now is the time that I just have to buy I just have to buy um I think at that time yeah a couple couple of factors low interest rate incentives H Banks were giving a lot of perks um developers were giving a lot of perks um and also um at that time I think also because um I'm quite a spur of the moment if I want something I want something you cannot sleep right like you think about I can sleep but but it's like I feel like these kind of things right sometimes if you want to do it just do it don't think too much uh as in don't sleep on it for too long CU you never do it yeah yeah and then once um I I'm a firm believer of there is no right time okay yeah it it doesn't uh necessarily apply to just real estate it could be funds it could be Equity it could be um anything there's no right time you can never time the market well you never know what would happen corre so um everything if everything is right you have the you have the capacity to do it I think once you've done your research once you've you've U calculated your numbers if you think it makes sense yeah I think can can go for it I think you brought a very good point where everybody feels that oh you know property Market will crash one day property Market will crash one day and that day really never seems like it's coming or or or or it's in now near side but people keep telling us that yeah you know what it will drop again for sure it will drop again change of government sure drop property price sure drop but really truly we have never seen property prices drop tremendously you know what's very interesting I think through my uh exporting business I've learned that there's just too many factors beyond our borders yeah within our borders and beyond our borders that could really move the market and we can never predict it correct for example presidential election in country can change can move our markets also um some War somewhere can move our markets you can't predict those is as random as weather release so you can predict your government change You can predict your whatever within the our country you can never predict what happens thousands of miles away so so it's just impossible yeah but then also I think uh because of data we can always uh analyze it and interpret it as like a Benchmark uh yes we can't really time the market whether you should buy today or tomorrow or next month or a specific date right but there is always a benchmark where we can see the overall okay this quarter how does it perform you know in the whole calendar year uh even napic shows that uh quarter one is usually very slow then it will pick up in quarter three these are data that we can rely on that oh we know that buyers will make decision in quarter three uh more than quarter one you know things like that I think those data is still important because uh we still have something to study to interpret to to help us to make decision but truly we are not we don't have a crystal barall in front of us you know to tell us that okay you know you should have bought yesterday you know you should have bought two weeks later I don't know yeah I think that also is um comes down to knowing your purpose uh your sort of what you are buying the property for if you're buying the property to flip for example uh then yes the timing is important but also if you know that's what you want to do and you can convince yourself through data that I if I buy this place for example there a Park City for example there's a very uh Rich um Archive of databased transactions that if you buy now you sell in two years surely make money that kind of thing um then yeah go for it um it you have data to back back your your what uh your decision but if you look looking for something if your time Horizon is 10 years for example and you looked up the the area the transaction 10 years um you have doubled your capital appreciation for example especially mature uh neighborh neighborhoods your ogas your your Happy Garden uh if 10 year is your horizon then you don't have to think about timing because if you zoom out 10 years correct it doesn't matter this month or next month or next year for example so it goes back to knowing your purpose and knowing why you are buying the the property yeah and I think we can all agree that ultimately real estate um especially in mature neighborhoods where you already I mean the neighborhoods when we say about mature it's definitely more than 20 30 40 years and there are enough activities datas to to actually prove you that he it's very safe uh you don't have to feel that um you're not yet informed enough uh to make a decision uh so go back check the data I think it's still the the best rule of Thum before you invest or before you buy and we are happy to provide you with the data so if you have no access to it yeah so lastly uh before we draw to a close um you actually are I will call it dual business owners in the sense so how how do you really juggle both and still do it successfully in both areas um I think uh calendar management is is very important time blocking and um making sure that I know what I need to do and I yeah I pretty much put everything in my calendar if it's not in a calendar it's not happening for me yeah even your personal life things yeah actually yeah yeah yeah I actually put my personal uh life in my calendar as when did you start this habit like who inspire you or what book inspire you my boss in my first job right yeah his life is in his calendar also oh yeah so um because I work very closely with his PA at some time I can see his calendar I can see how his life is organized his wife would put in his holidays without him even knowing oh yeah so he like his holidays for the year are already in the calendar wow yeah so so calendar I I I that's how it works I mean that's how things are working for me at the moment so it has to be in the calendar or else it it's not happening so does it mean that if a buyer wants to view a house today so how I have to make many days that's that's where the the the magic of our team uh comes into play because we we have teammates uh if I really cannot move my things around I can always get support from my team mates yeah yeah that's good thank you very much thank you so much yes uh so that's that wraps up today's episode of connecting the dots and we hope that you found uh today's conversation valuable to you so uh if you do enjoy the episode we do hope that you can subscribe like and also share our Channel we are very young uh probably only four episodes young so uh that's right we are also on social medias Instagram Facebook uh YouTube Tik Tok uh Spotify and I think we're going on Google Google podcast really soon so thank you very much thank you thanks for see you next one bye bye yeah yeah

- Juggling the Work Life Balance in Real Estate: Kind: captions Language: en I decided to put this event on just because I didn't want to do a typical real estate event most realtors are women it's a majority and surely they have a work/life balance that they're struggling with I know I am personally and I just wanted to get some answers and be more real and authentic we're never real estate is important because we are the you know the matriarchs of our family it's important to learn from each other grow together let's let each other know how we're doing it how we're coping our highs are low so it's important to get together and do something like I think women have a very unique perspective when it comes to running a business and being in real estate and so I'm very interested to see what they have to say about how they run their business how they network how they market I think the greatest thing about this event is that we all get it we all get how crazy this industry is and that we all just need support from each other most of us are business owners or we have our own teams or you know our own business and entrepreneurs and we don't get every day to just talk about real life stuff with other entrepreneur mindset so it's really important to be able to just engage with others that understand when we came all the way from New York to visit with a great event I want to learn to balance I think it's really difficult when you have a family and you're putting on one hat which is mom hat and then you're taking it off and you're putting on your business after I'm a mom and like Wendy Wendy's a mom and she does it all and I want to be able to do it all as well my fiancee is it's working 24/7 it seems like really just getting a perspective of what her life's like what her days like how I can better support her I really want to learn more about how to you know handle real estate is have to pitch so I don't have kids but I also got some great nuggets on how to balance the relationship it's okay to be a mother to be a wife and also to be a successful entrepreneur and it's okay to fail and try and wake up and look beautiful and you know preps the day again I wanted to learn say how to juggle work and life balance I'm newly engaged we're blending a family we have a ton of events we're gone a lot of night and I still know how to put everybody into the bucket and give them attention so I wanted someone to teach me learn how these big producers are able to accomplish that and how they're able to give the attention to the team and business and their home life there's such an empowerment here it's just kids of more motivation it's inspirational just the energy with this group of women it's just fabulous I mean what they're trying to achieve and the topic that's being covered this is a perfect fit catching up with each other I had I had a lot of fun today I was so thankful for all the sponsors coming together and putting this beautiful event for us and guiding to network with a lot of great agents and other all canoers and I look forward to the next one

- Marc Oshiro: Juggling Firefighting, Fatherhood, and 14 Properties Across Time Zones: Kind: captions Language: en unfortunately there's expenses that come up sometimes whether a water heater goes out or so there's a lot of these things that social media people don't talk about they talk about all the the good things collecting rent on time and your property going up in value and tax benefits but they don't talk about the risk of owning not necessarily rental property but just being a homeowner even if you own your own primary residents you have maintenance expenses that come up things you have to fix you have rental property and there's things that come up every once in a while and that's the part too that either prevents people from continuing down this journey or they don't want to start is because these fears of fixing toilets or whatever and all this fear of having to fix a roof or or whatnot but once you get over that hump and you have to be around people that are doing it that have done it and they'll tell you and in the beginning it's hard there's a lot of work but if you can get over that hump then things get a lot easier and then the properties really start paying for whatever expenses that may come up right so if you have a certain amount of rentals yeah maybe one month you don't collect rent as a as a total because you had an expense but basically those tenants paid for that expense for you so that's how you have to look at [Music] it

  Top Comments:
  1. @aaronameen: You can listen or watch to this conversation as on the following platforms.

Spotify -https://open.spotify.com/show/5E3wy1vqBE8zdriSfUdwiO
Apple - https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-hybrid-real-estate-professional/id1707842005
Youtube- https://youtu.be/Y6uNL3hp2AA

- Life Is a Juggling Act | Ron Pearson Comedy: Kind: captions Language: en that's life that's life right and they they didn't teach us in school about life I wish someone would have taught me about life so I'm going to show you all how life really progresses what they did not teach us in school and what I wish they would have taught me I don't care who you are or where you're from we all live the same life and it goes like this you wake up to your world about age 16. about age 16 you say to yourself I need to get a job one day so I'm gonna have to work real hard at a skill to make money but you know what I want to make a lot of money so I'm going to work and work and work to become an expert at a skill and then one day out of the blue I get a relationship going now I got to keep the job going because she needs a lot of money but now not only do I have to be an expert at my job all of a sudden I have to be an expert at relationships this is hard she wants me to be masculine yet sensitive I don't know if I'm supposed to be Tom Cruise or Tom Cruise then we bought a house now I have to be a plumber I have to be an electrician I have to be a landscape artist I have to be an expert at taxes now we have children now I'm a doc oh shoot I just lost one of the kids hold on we got another now I'm a doctor I'm a mentor I'm a theologian and all of a sudden I hear from my wife honey I don't get enough attention there is no time and that's how your life goes [Music] thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MeowFamily1 [12 likes]: Why am I cry watching comedy?
  2. @imean9271 [10 likes]: Underrated comedian
  3. @Bundalaba [9 likes]: Not his smoothest but never the less excellent improv there .
  4. @brycestpeter [5 likes]: A very funny and relatable joke
  5. @Rohanshinde224 [3 likes]: Anyone who is looking for his name in case- Ron Pearson❤
  6. @hallelujahonthebeat5740 [3 likes]: Very good metaphor!
  7. @palulludongolf [2 likes]: Reality tell in 2 minute's😂
  8. @semswonderland [1 likes]: Wow I like your views
  9. @Sam-s5p9t [1 likes]: You can do anything but not everything
  10. @farting505: No.1 best advice ❤
  11. @IlyaKenzikeyev: great. thank you

- Top 10 SECRET Clubs of The Rich! 🤫: Kind: captions Language: en if you have the money Club is where you should&nbsp; apply when considering the world's most exclusive&nbsp;&nbsp; clubs some Visions come to mind such as whiskey&nbsp; whirling and fine Crystal and a fire in the Great&nbsp;&nbsp; these clubs may have their origins in such images&nbsp; but their modern versions may surprise you of&nbsp;&nbsp; course these premium clubs are for the wealthiest&nbsp; people which is mostly undisclosed here are the&nbsp;&nbsp; top 10 secret clubs of the richest but before we&nbsp; get started be sure to subscribe to our Channel&nbsp;&nbsp; and ring the bell to get notified about our latest&nbsp; videos number 10 Capital Club Dubai there is no&nbsp;&nbsp; option between business and pleasure at Dubai's&nbsp; Invitation Only Capital Club where you are&nbsp;&nbsp; complimented by the greatest level of comfort and&nbsp; Gastronomy as well as unrivaled personal service&nbsp;&nbsp; this is the location to close multi-million dollar&nbsp; agreements whether in one of the lavishly equipped&nbsp;&nbsp; meeting rooms or on a fourth floor Terrace with&nbsp; views of the Burj Khalifa and the International&nbsp;&nbsp; Financial Center after being confirmed by&nbsp; the membership committee a rumored U.S 15&nbsp;&nbsp; 000 joining fee will allow you through&nbsp; the door and access to social events&nbsp;&nbsp; these include Talks by famous speakers from&nbsp; the worlds of business finance and politics&nbsp;&nbsp; number nine core Club New York living in&nbsp; New York City is expensive however if you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to live it up in New York City the core club&nbsp; offers a premium experience to do so six stories&nbsp;&nbsp; of decadence can be had for fifty thousand&nbsp; dollars up in advance and fifteen thousand&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars per year it's the ideal location for&nbsp; networking with other Elite professionals and&nbsp;&nbsp; indulging in some high-class culture you can&nbsp; simply rest in an obscenely luxurious style&nbsp;&nbsp; the court Club is where movies are screened&nbsp; and the hottest artists display their work&nbsp;&nbsp; in summary this New York playground is&nbsp; entirely for the wealthy and Powerful&nbsp;&nbsp; number eight the Playboy Mansion perhaps you've&nbsp; heard of Hugh Hefner the founder of Playboy&nbsp;&nbsp; magazine however there existed an original house&nbsp; from the time the publication was situated in&nbsp;&nbsp; Chicago the West Coast mansion on the other hand&nbsp; was the venue of hedonistic parties attended by&nbsp;&nbsp; movie stars models musicians you name it if we're&nbsp; talking about bad behavior odds are it happened&nbsp;&nbsp; at the Playboy Mansion Hef himself stayed on the&nbsp; property until he died in 2017. the location also&nbsp;&nbsp; included an Infamous underground Grotto this was&nbsp; a very private area where couples met away from&nbsp;&nbsp; the prying eyes of photographers and the Press&nbsp; number seven the Arts Club London the Arts Club&nbsp;&nbsp; founded in 1863 was and still is a residence&nbsp; for persons involved in the Arts and Sciences&nbsp;&nbsp; throughout its historic background notables&nbsp; including novelist Wilkie Collins and musician&nbsp;&nbsp; Paolo tosti have graced the Magnificent rooms&nbsp; and Suites of the Arts Club in Mayfair his Royal&nbsp;&nbsp; Highness Prince Philip Duke of Edinburgh was also&nbsp; an Arts Club sponsor until he died in 2021 a full&nbsp;&nbsp; membership costs 2 000 pounds each year patrons&nbsp; must additionally pay a joining fee membership&nbsp;&nbsp; is open to applicants above the age of 30. patrons&nbsp; have full access to the private club's Exclusive&nbsp;&nbsp; Salon a modern brazery Library Bar conservatory&nbsp; and nightlife number six Soho House Barcelona&nbsp;&nbsp; Soho House in London is even reported to have&nbsp; hosted Prince Harry and Meghan markle's first date&nbsp;&nbsp; the most recent addition to this network of&nbsp; creative clubs is a 57 bedroom home in Barcelona&nbsp;&nbsp; even if you don't reside in a city with a Soho&nbsp; house you can still become a member memberships&nbsp;&nbsp; in cities without houses are available in&nbsp; 37 cities including Sydney Soho houses may&nbsp;&nbsp; include pools gyms screening rooms and&nbsp; spas in addition to restaurants and bars&nbsp;&nbsp; number five the American club Hong Kong nothing&nbsp; beats a little taste of home this is what the&nbsp;&nbsp; American Club in Hong Kong has to offer this is&nbsp; a place where Americans residing in China can&nbsp;&nbsp; find some Solace it has a claimed annual charge&nbsp; of more than two thousand dollars as well as a&nbsp;&nbsp; joining fee of more than four hundred thousand&nbsp; dollars Fitness facilities bars Spas tennis&nbsp;&nbsp; courts and several eateries including burgers are&nbsp; available in two different clubhouses number four&nbsp;&nbsp; 39 Monte Carlo Monaco consider this the most&nbsp; sophisticated Sports Club in the world visited&nbsp;&nbsp; by high profile International Players Ross Beatty&nbsp; a former Rugby Union player founded this private&nbsp;&nbsp; club the meal at 39 Monte Carlo was created by&nbsp; Sports nutritionalists and Elite chefs there is&nbsp;&nbsp; also a members lounge and a cigar Terrace at the&nbsp; exclusive Club the huge multi-zone Sports floor&nbsp;&nbsp; is acclaimed by members as the world's best gym&nbsp; equipped with training zones an altitude chamber&nbsp;&nbsp; professional personal coaching and personal&nbsp; body exams number three Yacht Club demonico&nbsp;&nbsp; the restricted membership of the club founded&nbsp; in 1953 by Prince Rainier III strives to blend&nbsp;&nbsp; Maritime Heritage and Progressive principles with&nbsp; Environmental Protection prospective members must&nbsp;&nbsp; have two sponsors as well as the consent of the&nbsp; club president his Serene Highness Prince Albert&nbsp;&nbsp; II Lord Norman Foster designed the clubhouse&nbsp; which overlooks ycm's dedicated Harbor and&nbsp;&nbsp; includes a nautical themed Library Cafe outdoor&nbsp; swimming pool gym conference spaces and a ballroom&nbsp;&nbsp; number two Bohemian Grove California Bohemian&nbsp; Grove is a secret male only club that has grabbed&nbsp;&nbsp; conspiracy theorists all over the world however&nbsp; some of the club's operations have been documented&nbsp;&nbsp; on video and in photographs over the years this&nbsp; includes The Cremation of care a right involving&nbsp;&nbsp; the symbolic sacrifice of a burning Effigy while&nbsp; members May welcome female guests to the Bohemian&nbsp;&nbsp; Club at various events throughout the year the&nbsp; grounds in California are officially off limits&nbsp;&nbsp; to the General Public number one Club 1930 Italy&nbsp; Club 1930 is not searchable on the internet you&nbsp;&nbsp; won't even know where it is because you'll need to&nbsp; be invited not to mention showing the Secret Door&nbsp;&nbsp; this club 1930 is a complete mystery the facility&nbsp; is reminiscent of the speakeasies that sprouted&nbsp;&nbsp; up during the prohibition era selling illegal&nbsp; drinks members of Club 1930 are even issued&nbsp;&nbsp; an ID card that is allegedly only visible under&nbsp; ultraviolet light making this club the ultimate&nbsp;&nbsp; in secrecy and sophistication so guys that was it&nbsp; for this video what did you think about our video&nbsp;&nbsp; let us know in the comments section below if you&nbsp; are new to our Channel be sure to subscribe and&nbsp;&nbsp; ring that notification Bell to get notified&nbsp; about our latest videos thanks for watching

- One of NYC’s Top Event Planners Gives Us His Tips For Throwing a Party On *Any* Budget: Kind: captions Language: en Beautiful centerpiece. My name is Jove Meyer I'm a wedding planner and designer based in New York City. And then six over there. The first three steps to planning any great event is understanding your guest count, your budget, and then your location and season. And each of those sort of impacts the other, so your guest count will then impact your budget, which will also impact the spaces that you're gonna look at to host your party. More and more people are looking to have events in unique spaces and I love that vibe, but what they don't realize is if you rent a beautiful, empty space, you're bringing everything in. And then all of a sudden, you're over budget. So if it's a more intimate event, a restaurant is a great option. It comes with plates, flatware, glassware, china, bartenders, and if you love the ambience, then you already are saving so much money on decor and rentals. (upbeat music) I'm loving how people are embracing color in their celebrations. Colors are emotive of fun times and high energy. Most candles come in white but they also come in every color of the rainbow. And when buying candles, you wanna buy high and low. This way we're playing with shape, size, and texture, which really sets the ambience for a great party. The flower of the moment that is the most affordable but also making a comeback is the carnation. You can buy a lot of them, and make a big wow moment without breaking the bank. When thinking about a place card, we always recommend an envelope. It's a fun, easy thing that you have at home, and that way you can either lay it flat, or you can pop it up to have some extra height and it makes a big impact on your table. Another fun way to surprise your guests is to put a note inside their envelope. Here, we did fortunes. So all of our guests tonight get a random fortune that's uplifting and fun. An important part to any event is the cocktail, the alcohol. So, we always recommend having a beautiful bar with a ton of garnishes. This is such a fun way for guests to feel like they make cocktails. They can pick as much or as little as they want of every ingredient, and blend it all together for the cocktail of their dreams. When hosting a party, you don't want to play server and host. A station is a great way to do that, because you can do all the preparation in advance, and then guests can help themselves as they want. Easy. You should throw a party that has your stamp on it, and that makes you happy, because then your friends are totally gonna be happy. (crowd cheering) (crowd applauding)

  Top Comments:
  1. @shrishritreeri [10 likes]: My dream job is to actually be a wedding planner so I love this video!
  2. @tamikadriver36 [6 likes]: I NEED U TO START WORKSHOPS TO TRAVEL AND SHOW FOLKS WHO WANT TO START A EVENT PLANNER JOB TOOLS TO START, YES ALL CAPS BECAUSE IM YELLING WITH JOY
  3. @GucciGeoege [3 likes]: Lmk if y’all need a real party, we Mexicans know how to throw a real party 😂
  4. @isavedharlem2079 [1 likes]: Those candles are crazy af 😂
  5. @weddingphotographernewyork1599 [1 likes]: Next comes wedding photography
  6. @weddingphotographernewyork1599 [1 likes]: Happily ever after
  7. @sonjajane4426 [1 likes]: Awesome ideas.  FUN😍✌️💟💋
  8. @whiterosepro [1 likes]: Wow amazing!!
  9. @ledricoh.galicia6025 [1 likes]: I love it I was inspired of what is he doing style design his  heart full of joy doing this..thank you..
  10. @hazelwoodpaperco: Absolutely stunning!
  11. @araceliesquivel7683: I love it
  12. @hazelwoodpaperco: Beautiful!!
  13. @pradeepgupta8540: Hello..
Sir I'm turban in India if needed ur area contact to us
  14. @uniteafrica.onevoice779: Hi, what service do you offer?
Due to the nature of my job, a US military officer in a humanitarian mission within the borders between Poland and Ukraine.
The United States troops will be retrieved in a month time and we shall go back home within thesame period.

I have been trying to plan a successful 17th year wedding anniversary for my wife and a welcome home party for myself as well, but It’s kinda hard for me to plan all that wedding anniversary and a welcome back home party with the intent to make it a surprise party to my wife, family and some friends all on my own, I guess I would need your help please..

 I’d like to hire the services of an event planner in regards to my upcoming 17th year wedding anniversary and my welcome home party which is coming up on April 28, 2024, at Vernon Ave, Brooklyn, NYC.
But I don’t wanna host this event at my residence, I’m already having lots of stress planning this event on my own that’s why i want you to please coordinate this event for me, as I do believe that you will do me a lovely party and thrill my guest to the best of your ability.

I would really appreciate your positive response sir/ma..
  15. @magdalena5565: What’s his instagram? I want to know more tips. Thanks 🫶🏼
  16. @venessariley3285: Lovely arrangements! I'd highly recommend Mazze Banquet for anyone looking for a restaurant and catering service for their events
  17. @camillareitz7923: Oh I do Hope you have appliances for People to use... I dont stick my fingers in food 😊
  18. @Yourhighnessnona: He’s so cute 🥰
  19. @nicenehl: Hi! let me be your employee I can make it all for you check my accomplishment here in the Philippines...my FB Arnel Ventura Galabin. Hire me with my skills such designing, backdrop making, balancing object on stage, combining the resource items available, welding to customize designs backdrop, photo and video coverage, film editing, management and effective coordinator.
  20. @t4da1tv76: That's really beautiful and inspiring https://youtu.be/jjB717HIJGw

- Inside the Private Clubs for the Ultra-Rich, a Rich Kid's POV: Kind: captions Language: en In the world of the top 1%, private clubs aren't about leisure. They're where the course of history quietly changes. Behind closed doors, alliances are formed. Decisions are made and the future is shaped far away from the public view. And before you ask, are you talking about the Illuminati? Isn't it all just a conspiracy theory? I don't know. You decide by the end of the episode. But the closest you'll ever get to it is private clubs. And no, I'm not talking about your crypto bro Chad who post thirst straps from Soho House. I'm talking about the real ones. The Bohemian Grove, Nicker Balker, whites, places where even billionaires can get rejected, where your net worth doesn't matter if your bloodline isn't old enough because these aren't clubs, they're gates. So, in today's episode, we're are stepping into the private club in the middle of the forest that inspired more conspiracy theories than Reddit and Area 51 combined. I'll show you why your favorite conspiracy theory is probably isn't a theory at all. >> There's got to be an explanation. >> And hopefully after the release of this episode, you won't find me in a different type of forest for revealing too much. Thoughts and prayers. [Music] Once upon a time, not in a castle, but in the redwood forest of Northern California, a group of powerful men gathered in secret. There were no phones, no press, just billionaires, presidents, defense contractors, and enough cigars to fund the coupe. This wasn't Burning Man. This was Bohemian Grove. And the year was 1942. But before we get into that faithful year, let's rewind because it all started in 1872 in San Francisco. A group of journalists, artists, and creative bohemians decided to escape the city for the weekend in the woods. You see Mark Twain writing in the notebook, Jack London rambling about men versus nature, and Charlie Choplain pouring the drinks at the afterparty. But soon, it wasn't the writers and entertainers. The crowd changed, and the conversation got darker. They started looking less like artists and more like architects of the modern world. Men like Henry Kissinger, Dick Cheney, Ronald Reagan, George HW Bush. Not exactly your poetry circle. Within a few decades, the Grove has transformed from the creative escape into one of the most powerful and secretive private clubs on Earth. Now, back to 1942. World War II was raging, and while most of the world was watching battlefields, a few men were plotting something much quieter. and much louder. That weekend, Ernest Lawrence, a Noble winning physicist, Roband Openheimimer, the future father of atomic bomb, and the top US military officials had gathered together in the forest. They whispered about an idea. What if we built something that could end the war instantly? And there wasn't a metaphor. It wasn't poetic. That was the actual start of the Manhattan project. the atomic bomb right there in the woods between scotch and cigars. A few weeks later, the US government began pouring billions into the secret operation. That same summer, the US military gave a green light to what would become the Manhattan Project, and both Lawrence and Openheimr were put on top. Coincidence? Maybe, but the timeline aligns very well. Bohemian Grove was later shown in House of Cards, Billions, and many more TV shows, not far from the reality. Now, let's talk about the part that turns this elite summer camp into the ground for conspiracy theory, the rituals. Every July under the shadow of owl statues, the men of Bohemian Grove gather in the long ceremonial robes, their faces halflit by torch light. What unfolds is something called the cremation of care. The official line, it's symbolic, meant to represent letting go of worldly stress, a bit of theater to purge the burden of power. But here where things get darker because in front of a 40-foot stone owl, a statue some say represents Moolik, a biblical pagan god associated with the child's sacrifice, they burn a puppet in a coffin while chanting. According to conspiracy theorists, this isn't just a performance. It's a satanic ritual designed to desensitize the elite from empathy so they can return to the real world. ready to make brutal decisions such as war, surveillance, economic collapse, all without guilt. >> Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. >> There's no proof of actual child sacrifices, of course. But in the world where Jeffrey Epstein flew billionaires to an island with miners, some people don't need a proof. They just need a pattern. And when the world's most powerful men gather under giant trees with no press allowed wearing robes burning puppets, you're not going to stop the internet from asking questions. But now, let's talk about the private clubs you've all heard of and even consider some of them cool cringe. So house used to be exclusive, right? Even Samantha from Sex in the City struggled to get in. There's a pool a block from my apartment and I can't get in. >> What pool? >> At the Soho house. >> But now it's given. If you've ever been to a reality show, congrats, you're in. It's a scene. It's chaotic. It smells like rosé and desperation. And if you listen closely, someone is always pitching a wellness app that definitely already exists. Then there's core club where I, full transparency, was dying to get in myself. It's $100,000 to join, which I thought I would gatekeep. Now, core club is Instagram moms, people who sold two NFTts, and anyone whose ex paid their membership fee out of guilt. Everyone's kind of rich, but no one knows how to sit quietly. It's where new money goes to feel like old money, and old money goes because it's a place where they feel safe to voice that they're unemployed. At the real clubs, you don't apply. They approach you. Even billionaires have been rejected for being too loud or too recent. And there is a blacklist of names no one will say out loud. Does this ring a bell? They don't care how much money you made in crypto. They care if your great grandfather built railroads or ran the US Treasury. He took me to Grand Central Station and he said, "This is yours." >> And look, I get it. I'm the reason why Cork Club and Soho House aren't cool anymore. I show up with my plus one who works in strategy. Nobody knows what it means. Post a blurry mirror selfie in the bathroom and pretend I'm not working while asking the waiter for a better angle. But Bohemian Grow, I wouldn't make it past the sidewalk. They take one look at my Instagram and ask the dorman to quietly remind me, "Miss, our weight list is closed for a century." So, why are people still dying to get into the clubs like this? First of all, career moves. It's widely believed that Ronald Reagan's 1980 presidential campaign was born over the drinks at Bohemian Grove. He wasn't the top pick. George HW Bush was the political favorite. But Reagan charmed the room. And when the room includes billionaire donors, oil executives, and highranking military, their opinion becomes policy. The next thing you know, Bush is VP and Reagan is being sworn in. A few handshakes in the forest and boom, a presidency. >> I think I finally found a job I want to do. >> Okay, what is it? >> President of the United States. >> The second reason is filtered network. No one is wearing a name tag and no one is adding each other on LinkedIn because if you're there, your family has been there since like 1874. At places like whites, every handshake is intentional. A member once said, "At my club, I met my future son-in-law, my wealth manager, and men who kept my family out of papers all over the same lunch. You think real deals are happening at conferences? Don't be so naive. They're happening in quiet rooms behind red velvet doors while press is busy covering Davos >> chairman CEO and co-founder Blackstone Group >> and the most important one trust private clubs don't give you access they prevent your network everyone there has been approved vouched for or related to someone who was that means you can speak freely say things that you wouldn't say in your office you know no No one is recording, leaking or selling anything to tabloids. It's not just privacy, it's immunity. Hey, Bunny. Thank you. It's time to talk to them again. >> Hello. >> How to keep in touch with privileged people even if they don't meet or hang out often? The easiest way to stay in touch is master art of conversation. The majority of people don't even bother to call their friends when it's their birthday. They think that a text is enough. They explain it by being Gen Z. But in reality, no matter how old you are, what's truly being appreciated is when you remember people and make them feel special. My parents always told me to write down in the calendar the important dates of my friends and acquaintances. When is it their birthday, their anniversaries, promotions? You always send flowers, give them a call, and write a handwritten letter. That's the easiest way to stand out, and it doesn't take much, but it will take you a long way. Good luck. >> I'm listening. >> Have you been part of a private club? What was your experience? Sorry, I have signed an NDA. Some questions were outrageous. Here's what's wild. In a world where billionaires have private jets, private islands, private networks, they still need private clubs. Not for luxury, not for comfort, but for control. Control of access, narrative, proximity to each other. Because true power isn't how much you own. It's about being in the room where the future is being decided or history is being rewritten. And even in 2025, when everything is online and traceable, there are still places where no one is allowed to record. Not because they're scared, but because what's being said in those rooms wouldn't survive outside of them. And maybe that's the point. Because in those clubs, men don't just network, they rehearse the future. So the question is no longer what are they hiding. It's more like if the world is being decided behind closed doors, should we be knocking? Like, subscribe, and as always, do whatever you want with this information.

  Top Comments:
  1. @privilegedfew [65 likes]: Why would you join a private elite club, or why wouldn't you?
Be honest — I'm reading all the replies
  2. @Thewealthy [9 likes]: So basically you didnt say anything about child sacrifices
  3. @MonicaG-d8m [3 likes]: Love these! Can you do one about diet habits of the elite?
  4. @atelierXL99 [2 likes]: Albina, have you ever noticed anything at the events you've been to that might indicate that something "bad" has happened? Or that people you know well are involved in it? The presence of children where they don't belong, references to satanic things, etc.? What would you do if you noticed something sinister? Would you report it, or would you fear for your life?
  5. @TheAmayazingChannel [1 likes]: It's corruption that's what it is.
  6. @CesarDealba-u5f [1 likes]: https://youtube.com/shorts/IxOxdLmbvfs?si=UOEBK_zAPRJeTxdL
  7. @Drbob369 [1 likes]: The rabbit is occult she is a pretty illuminati
  8. @ralucadiaconu8011: This deserves soooo much more attention the video is incredible I had goosebumps
  9. @honeylavender1122: I'd be curious to know if you or any other rich people you know have exposure to all this crazy epstein blackmail stuff and their "jerky" rumors
  10. @gebbygebbers: S-South park's bunny club wasn't a joke!? 😢
  11. @reubenrahmeyer123: A fantastic episode! 👏🎬
  12. @Truthteller863: Your a Scorpio aren't you?
  13. @EngineerDJ_Julius: I'm loving the format and the original flair
  14. @thephantasmas: purely cinematic, bravo
  15. @Sharron.1: Improve your thumbnails.
  16. @Fafffafggg: Damn I really wanted to watch the newest video. The side chicks but I have to pay 😭😭😭 get me a rich man or woman. I need a sugar parent
  17. @Atombender: Do you think your dad can get you into the Corvigilia Ski Club?
  18. @vamsatbat: 11:04 remember everything abt them
  19. @valerievankerckhove9325: Could someone tell these all-powerful people to pretty please pick some better US presidents? 🤠
  20. @Jules-bf2wu: Drag definitely knows what they're about

- This 24-Year-Old Hosts One Of NYC's Most Exclusive Supper Clubs: Kind: captions Language: en my name is Jonah rider and I run the pit supper club out of my home in Brooklyn this morning I'm here in the Union Square farmers market getting some amazing produce should be a banger I started the dinners in my dorm room at Columbia I'm just so delighted at how tiny these are like this is dope these are so pretty this stuff is dope I've been hoping I was gonna find chick weed here thank you so much have a good day stay wavy I started hosting dinners for my friends many nights a week I didn't want to eat in the dining hall anymore but it got kind of more and more serious as time went on and by my last year in college I had called it the Pig supper club people from all corners of the city and all over the world were scrambling to get a seat in my tiny dormitory dining room I think eight out of a bunch of apartments in New York for cooking I lived in the dorm I got kicked out of that then I moved into the professor's sublet I got kicked out of that then I moved into this divorcees penthouse in Chelsea which went really bad then I was on the loveseat in this music studio that was fun but not very fruitful check out my avocado socks today put me in a good mood people tell me all the time that I'm young or not studied enough as a cook when I started cooking I was not good at cooking I'm lucky to work with people that I learned from yeah thanks you too and it's pretty amazing to see in the past two years how my cooking has evolved the reason people come is not really for the food it's for this unique experience that's quite different restaurant behind you it's really a lot of fun to have like an 80 year old couple and a 12 year old boy like chit-chatting next to each other woo people meet each other and go on dates there's all sorts of amazing things that happen here over dinner the food that I make should be tasty and delicious and great but it's far more important that people have a wonderful time eating I like that that actually has really stayed the same no matter whether it's in the tiny dorm or a beautiful home or a restaurant in Tokyo like that vibes is the same when starting a project with passion but not experience I think it's really important to not just try to have the thing you're making and be good but to do it with a really genuine and excited spirit it's a very silly idea to serve food in a dorm room and in a funny way I was very serious about it for me the best meals don't happen in restaurants they happen in houses and I want to show people this and inspire them and give confidence to people to whirl around in their own kitchen in their room and be a curator [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @veggiebea [45 likes]: Why do I find him so annoying? Like he’s pompous and over pleased with himself.
  2. @jimmykang9500 [40 likes]: STAY WAVY
  3. @ajdelgado2663 [33 likes]: lol i read the title as most exclusive stripper club 😂😂😂
  4. @werewook [25 likes]: This guy seems insufferable
  5. @SaeleeSaan [11 likes]: Seems like a nice guy with a cool concept. I dig it. I'm sure people have a great time.
  6. @ABSG7 [10 likes]: He’s full of himself
  7. @CarnifaxMachine [8 likes]: Only took me 10 seconds to hate this guy.
  8. @Suetvvlogs [6 likes]: his high and mighty ego and attitude is flowing out of this guy, his attitude is rubbing me the wrong way.
  9. @mosehead7 [6 likes]: He is Jewish he must have lots of support. Not everyone is fortunate.
  10. @maheshthorat7568 [6 likes]: 1:33 Panjabi driver
  11. @justineodyne8829 [5 likes]: Thats dope ....stay wavy ?! What Get out of here with that
  12. @my-financial-wealthblog4423 [5 likes]: Plaaaastic!  Why?  Don't u have reusable bags?
  13. @jerseycaptive [5 likes]: I'm so jealous that I can't do this in my state. :( I heard about this supper club for a while now.
  14. @khoado123 [2 likes]: i;m not the only one who thought the title said stripper...
  15. @MrH347 [1 likes]: Don't know why but I can't help but dislike this guy. Call it jealously of how he just looks so satisficed with himself or whatever but he looks like a pompous and full of himself.
  16. @danieldelacruz7305 [1 likes]: Hipster alert! Please do us a favor and move out of NYC! What a stup*d idea it’s so corny only a person that’s not from here would do this in this city.
  17. @slnaumoski1: I wish there was a Supper club community in Skopje
  18. @Cowharbortackle: Follow your dream
  19. @jhostintola3092: 2:40 looks like an antisemtic attack is about to happen
  20. @vincentv8991: Lol I thought it said stripclub

- Asian frugal habits that saves me thousands every year 💸: Kind: captions Language: en It's not about the takeaway coffee. It's about the habit. The habit of getting a takeout drink, which often comes with a sweet pastry on the side. And a few blocks from the cafe, we see a cute dress and decide to splurge with a matching scrunchie to go with it. All this shopping gets us hungry. So, we pick up some takeout on the way home and decide to get an Uber because we deserve it. This on repeat is no longer a habit, but it's a lifestyle. an expensive one at that. And some might say, what is the point of working so hard when you can't even treat yourself? And to that I say, maybe we're just conditioned to think that splurging on ourselves is a form of self-care. But actual self-care looks like working towards a life that truly enriches us. And maybe these little splurges are distractions along the way. Growing up in Korea, we lived very frugally, but I was still happy as I could be. Now in my mid-30s, I've come full circle and still embrace many of those same habits. These small everyday decisions might seem insignificant on their own, but it does add up over time. But more importantly, I found that living a lowmaintenance lifestyle comes with a piece that outweighs anything I can buy. So, I don't mind skipping the coffee. I never received any kind of gifts growing up. Not for my birthday or Christmas or any kind of holiday. And some people might hear that and think that I had a really sad childhood. But honestly, the opposite is true. My parents always try to gift us some kind of experience to remember these days. I remember for my 10th birthday, we spent the whole day just kind of walking the pier and we had fish and chips. I still remember to this day and I feel like these memories always stay with us way longer than any gift ever could. And I feel like these special occasions and holidays are no longer about spending time together and it's all about buying things for each other, all about the marketing, the sales, the limited editions and it's just really exhausting. So my husband and I, we don't gift each other anything. And instead, for these special occasions, we just like to spend a whole day doing our favorite things together. And one of the reasons, too, is because I feel like we have everything that we need. And if we want something, then we'll put it on our wish list and go and buy it ourselves. So there's really, really no pressure to go and buy something just because it's a specific day to prove our love to each other. It's just something that I don't deal with anymore. Thinking back, I feel like I only started eating out when I moved to the States. It was because it was like a cool thing to do with my friends and I always worked in the restaurant industry. But growing up, my mom always cooked for us. I remember she would always pack our lunches and my dad's bento box. And even when we were traveling, she would bring this gigantic rice cooker with us everywhere we went and she would cook for us. I definitely appreciate her more for doing that because it's a lot of dedication and time and effort that goes into it. But I know because she did that, we were able to save so much money. You guys know that for this year, I really wanted to cook more at home. I feel like I am slowly adjusting my habit and mindset around it. definitely takes a lot of creativity and a lot more planning, but honestly, I feel like the savings is so much worth it. So, for example, my husband and I, if we go out on a date to this bin, uh we will spend probably around €50, but if we cook at home and I could buy best of the ingredients, then it would probably be around less than €20 together. So, that's my biggest motivator. I would say 90% of the time I cook at home and 10% of the time we go out and try new restaurants. I am generalizing of course, but I feel like Koreans are very healthconscious people. I know a lot more people now in soul, they're going to Pilates and going to weight training and going to gyms and things, but I feel like from a very young age, we're told to have kind of a healthy lifestyle and integrate it into our lifestyle. For example, we always like to stretch in the mornings. We like to drink a lot of herbal teas and we have fruit for dessert and there's a lot of nice hikes in Korea. So on the weekends we would come together with our friends and family and go hiking. And these habits are kind of second nature to me. I've always kind of abided by these rules. And instead of getting these really expensive gym memberships, class passes, and having these really expensive hobbies just so that I could be active, I find it so much easier to just integrate it into my lifestyle and I can do it for free. Something that I never understood are those really nice aesthetic jars or containers. I guess the container store in general. I mean, it does look really nice when everything is displayed out in the open and everything is matching, but it's so expensive to buy these things where you could just get it for free from the grocery store. And I think the key is to buy something that's already in a really nice container. So after you use the item or eat it, then you can just wash and use the jar. A little bit of dish soap, just soak it overnight and it just comes right off the next morning. And I have tons of jars and I use it for everything because I buy a lot of loose leaf tees and buy things in bulk and they're really really handy to have. And this isn't just for glass jars. Obviously, you can repurpose everything and I think it's just being smart. You can save the wrapping paper from the original packaging. You can use the rice water to water your plants. You can even save those little yogurt containers and use it for when you're waterc coloring. You can even save your kitchen scraps and make broth with it. I mean, there's just infinite ways. You know, I think before you throw something away, it's a really good rule of thumb to ask yourself, can I use this for something else? And this over time can save you tons of money. Okay, this kind of goes with my previous point, but I always say everything has a first life and a second life. First, of course, I try to use up every little bit of it. And I'm definitely cutting the toothpaste in half and getting every little bit because that's money wasted if you don't use it. Then that toothbrush becomes a scrubbing tool. The old t-shirt becomes a rag. The paper bag becomes a trash liner. You get the point. I love a simple minimal home, but just dedicating one or two drawers for these little things that you could use for DIY purposes, it really isn't going to hurt anyone. And in Asian bath, you're actually losing money if you throw away something that's perfectly usable. I don't really know if this is an Asian thing or just because my husband and I grew up having to be very resourceful, but we really do not like to use other people, professionals to do something if we can do it ourselves. I cut my own hair, my husband cuts his. I groomed the dogs. We're doing all the home renovation ourselves and we're also making some of the furniture. So, we're definitely DIY kind of people. We live in an information age. We can literally Google anything or YouTube it and try it for ourselves. To me, this is way less stressful than having to manage other people to do it or having to pay someone else to do it. [Music] I don't know if you guys know, but before YouTube, I was a financial counselor. And when I was going over people's finances, I couldn't believe how many people just live off of their credit cards. And I understand that sometimes it's necessary to kind of propel you forward in life, but it is a really slippery slope and also it's not sustainable over time. The credit card culture isn't so common in Asia and I grew up always thinking that I have to pay off all my debts because that was something that my dad really drilled in me. I use credit cards because I can get the hotel points and the flight points and everything. And we have a mortgage, but it was pretty much the same as what we were paying for rent. But other than that, we don't have any lingering debt, especially from overspending on something that we couldn't afford. Like I said, it's not about the few dollars we save by living this way. It's about the freedom to make meaningful decisions when the right opportunities come because we've built up savings and can actually afford to invest. What do we invest in? Well, that's for another video. I want to know what frugal habits have made the biggest difference in your life. Let me know in the comments and I'll talk to you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @MalamaLife [443 likes]: What frugal habits have made the biggest difference in your life?
  2. @felisak6053 [1 likes]: I cooked everyday at home because I love to cook, and know what exact ingredients I added to my food, but also it is more cheaper. I only go out eating once or twice a month. I make our coffee at home latte, flat white, black coffee more cheaper that way. Work out daily and incorporate walking for 30 to 45 minutes. No alcohol, no soda just water, tea, and coffee. Don’t want to use plastic container as well, i love glass way better for hormones and over health. My husband and I are also minimalist and hate clutters, cleaning homes is a must once a week lol :)
  3. @ungarlinski7965 [1 likes]: Confused.  Why did you come to America and why do you stay?  To complain about it on YouTube?  No one is forcing you to do anything here much less stay.  The same as you, with you here, we appreciate our own culture that much more.  So please stop shifting your prejudicial views and hatred of America onto everyone else.
  4. @SugarAwareness [1 likes]: woooooooooooo
  5. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  6. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  7. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  8. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  9. @Malika-q4j7z: Please people from all over the world watch this videooo
  10. @BunnySilver-x4l: The only thing I could stop but don't feel the need to is a soda before work, I work part time, and I need the caffeine since I have chronic fatigue and a physically taxing job. But I stopped buying lunch out and bringing my own, bought less food so I didnt waste any, bought less and stopped buying non food things/medication. The only thing I buy is tattoos usually cause I love them so much and they are permanent or plastic free cleaning products/things we love to use. We don't eat out unless my blood pressure is low. And the cinema twice a month on half price Mondays. These tips are so useful and thankfully I grow up like this too as my mum was the only working parent and three kids.  Found your channel the other day, quite like it and your voice is very relaxing. And me and my husband are saving to buy a plot of land and a caravan/5 wheeler to live in to have a versatile living situation, so our budgeting is helping so much with saving.
  11. @sammychung4156: I don't drink alcohol.
  12. @rl8571: I splurge and live paycheck to paycheck having the best life to the max.  BUT.. my 401k contributions are max and have $300 a month going to an IRA account.  I started 20+ years ago and every time i check my balance i smile.
  13. @TheMountainBeyondTheWoods: "Asian", because other races don't do the same, oof.
  14. @Spiritsoulska: Very Indian n Asian thing
  15. @Ahndreeyy: 💗
  16. @omnipresent417: Damn. Gorgeous and smart. ❤
  17. @Faithandlight_me: We can chose how we want to live. We can make the changes that will get us there. Love this!! I live what you said about self care. ❤
  18. @thecaribbeanbelle6733: I feel like these are things a lot of people used to do back in the day until social media and influencer era. But I agree with everything you mentioned
  19. @savoirytease: Before throwing something away, don't just ask yourself "can I do something with it?", ask yourself - "WILL I use it for something?".
  20. @meloniestewart2940: There is a fantastic, award winning, inspiring, short (15 min 🤔) film called Homegrown Revolution - Jules Devaes. Urban Homestead is their name 🙏🏼💕🙏🏼

- The Rockefeller Secret That Keeps Families Rich: Kind: captions Language: en There are three keys for people to keep&nbsp; wealth from generation to generation.&nbsp;&nbsp; I've covered the first two keys of the family&nbsp; legacy rings. Without three critical things,&nbsp;&nbsp; no family will keep and hold on to their money&nbsp; from generation to generation. But without ring&nbsp;&nbsp; three, it will certainly collapse. See, in ring&nbsp; one, it's having good family traditions and strong&nbsp;&nbsp; family values. Even something called a family&nbsp; constitution [music] written in your own words.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if nobody's actually coordinating the money,&nbsp; the strategy, and there isn't a financial team,&nbsp;&nbsp; it all falls apart. It all goes away. Think&nbsp; about it. You wouldn't hire four doctors who&nbsp;&nbsp; never looked at the same chart. But that's exactly&nbsp; what most people do with their money. If you've&nbsp;&nbsp; got financial professionals who don't talk to&nbsp; each other, that burden lands on your shoulders.&nbsp;&nbsp; And you already feel overwhelmed by the number of&nbsp; things you manage around your finances and your&nbsp;&nbsp; life. You're in the right place because you're&nbsp; not alone. This is almost everyone. I'm going&nbsp;&nbsp; to show you the real reason most financial teams&nbsp; fail. What a coordinated team actually finds when&nbsp;&nbsp; they look at the whole picture and a financial&nbsp; strength builder test you can run with your spouse&nbsp;&nbsp; this week. I've spent over a quarter of a century&nbsp; building financial teams for entrepreneurs so they&nbsp;&nbsp; can keep way more than money they make. And years&nbsp; ago, I got to spend time with Sheila. She's the&nbsp;&nbsp; CPA for the Rockefeller family office. See, the&nbsp; Rockefellers were so wealthy they could hire a&nbsp;&nbsp; team just for their family. That's how they came&nbsp; up with the name family office, right? And I've&nbsp;&nbsp; been studying the Rockefellers for years, reading&nbsp; everything I could about how they preserved wealth&nbsp;&nbsp; across seven generations. Yes, seven. So, when&nbsp; I had the chance to talk with and work with the&nbsp;&nbsp; person who was part of that team in coordination,&nbsp; I asked the question everyone wants to know.&nbsp;&nbsp; What's the secret? She said the Rockefellers&nbsp; weren't the first and they won't be the last to&nbsp;&nbsp; create a fortune. And many of the key executives&nbsp; that worked for the family and bet around them,&nbsp;&nbsp; they used the exact same system with success. See,&nbsp; because they created generational wealth, too. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; what made the Rockefellers and the people around&nbsp; them so different? How's their fortune lasted&nbsp;&nbsp; for seven generations? Was it tax advantages or&nbsp; was it a certain type of investment they picked?&nbsp;&nbsp; What Sheila told me, she said it was a system.&nbsp; She said, "We make sure everyone's on the same&nbsp;&nbsp; page and everything is working together. The&nbsp; Rockefellers build wealth in their business&nbsp;&nbsp; and we leverage the system to&nbsp; protect and perpetuate that wealth.&nbsp;&nbsp; It was a system to protect the wealth. The&nbsp; Rockefellers build wealth with businesses.&nbsp;&nbsp; The systems protects it. It preserves it and&nbsp; perpetuates it. It wasn't some index fund. And&nbsp;&nbsp; there was no mention of budgeting or chasing risk.&nbsp; Protection. A system working properly, working&nbsp;&nbsp; together. A seven generation fortune summed up&nbsp; in three words. Protect, preserve, perpetuate.&nbsp;&nbsp; I wrote about this in what would rockellers&nbsp; do? With over 2,700 organic Amazon reviews&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz I've spent decades getting every aspect of&nbsp; finance handled with licensed professionals on&nbsp;&nbsp; my team like CPAs, attorneys, and insurance&nbsp; specialists. I've been creating a family&nbsp;&nbsp; office. That's been my mission and passion for&nbsp; people on the way up. entrepreneurs that normally&nbsp;&nbsp; wouldn't have access to it because I think&nbsp; every entrepreneur deserves a family office.&nbsp;&nbsp; And I'm dedicating my life to that very pursuit.&nbsp; Now, before we go further, I want you to do this.&nbsp;&nbsp; Think about the last time your CPA and your&nbsp; attorney were on the same call, if ever,&nbsp;&nbsp; having the same conversation with the same agenda.&nbsp; You don't have to play the game of telephone.&nbsp;&nbsp; Remember that one from grade school? Maybe&nbsp; this really ages me. But someone would whisper&nbsp;&nbsp; something and the next person would whisper&nbsp; it to the next person and finally at the end&nbsp;&nbsp; they weren't even talking about anywhere close to&nbsp; the same thing. See, when your team's on the same&nbsp;&nbsp; page, it puts money in your pocket. You can save&nbsp; it up to 15.3% in self-employment tax or even sell&nbsp;&nbsp; your business for up to $15 million tax-free per&nbsp; partner after 5 years. But it takes an attorney&nbsp;&nbsp; and an accountant and they got to be aligned. So&nbsp; stay tuned. I'll tell you exactly how to do this.&nbsp;&nbsp; But know this, your attorney makes&nbsp; a massive difference with taxes.&nbsp;&nbsp; But if your CP and attorney don't communicate,&nbsp; you will tip the government. So, let's dive in.&nbsp;&nbsp; Because ring three of the family legacy&nbsp; rings solves these problems and more.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most business owners have professionals. A CP over&nbsp; here, a attorney over there, an insurance person&nbsp;&nbsp; somewhere else, a financial person they met at&nbsp; a dinner party. None of them talk to each other.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's not a team. That's a collection of&nbsp; strangers who each see 10% of your picture&nbsp;&nbsp; and give you 100% of their opinion. Their opinions&nbsp; are attached to how they get paid. Your CPA says,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Well, put it in a retirement account." That&nbsp; makes him look like a hero for now. Your insurance&nbsp;&nbsp; person says, "Fund this insurance policy."&nbsp; Your attorney says, "Let's put it in a trust."&nbsp;&nbsp; Your investment person says, "Well, let me&nbsp; invest it for you." And nobody asked you what you&nbsp;&nbsp; actually wanted. I call this the buffet problem.&nbsp; You're paying full price for a buffet of options&nbsp;&nbsp; and nobody's checking to see if the food's good or&nbsp; if it's what you want or even if it goes together.&nbsp;&nbsp; This happened to me before I knew any better.&nbsp; In my early 20s, my CPA said, "We'll set up a&nbsp;&nbsp; escort." My attorney said, "No, let's do an LLC."&nbsp; They didn't know each other. And this is before I&nbsp;&nbsp; knew you could just choose an S election and an&nbsp; LLC. That would have solved the whole problem.&nbsp;&nbsp; But they didn't tell me because they did what they&nbsp; wanted, not what I wanted. It was at my expense.&nbsp;&nbsp; overpaid tax. I paid hourly for the&nbsp; attorney and for the CPA. Multiple meetings,&nbsp;&nbsp; more than I wanted or needed in fees. Had to&nbsp; explain the mistake to the IRS. Eventually,&nbsp;&nbsp; I had to set up a new company just to&nbsp; get it right. Lost money, lost time,&nbsp;&nbsp; lost sleep. I thought the more people looking at&nbsp; my money, the better off I'd be, the safer I'd be.&nbsp;&nbsp; I was wrong. More professionals without&nbsp; coordination doesn't multiply your advantage,&nbsp;&nbsp; it multiplies your confusion. The answer was never&nbsp; hire more people. It was get the ones you have&nbsp;&nbsp; working from the same playbook. A family&nbsp; office is a ongoing system of coordination.&nbsp;&nbsp; A conductor who makes sure every professional&nbsp; is playing from the same sheet of music,&nbsp;&nbsp; not just once, but at every turn. With every&nbsp; major decision, every single life change. Think&nbsp;&nbsp; of your financial life like an orchestra. Right&nbsp; now, the violin is playing Mozart, the drums are&nbsp;&nbsp; doing jazz, and the trumpet's just improvising.&nbsp; Every musician's talented, without a conductor,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just noise. A family office has the&nbsp; conductor and a team of professionals. This way,&nbsp;&nbsp; you have everyone playing the same song. They're&nbsp; all pros working together. I even recommend you&nbsp;&nbsp; bring your kids to the meetings as soon as they're&nbsp; old enough to understand. Start the conversation.&nbsp;&nbsp; Introduce them to the team. It's one of the best&nbsp; ways for them to understand what you've created&nbsp;&nbsp; who will help them with it and prepare them for&nbsp; the future. See, I wrote about all this and what&nbsp;&nbsp; would rock foss do. I want to give you a free&nbsp; copy links in the description. It comes with a&nbsp;&nbsp; legacy builder toolkit so you can start building&nbsp; your own version of what I'm about to show you.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, what does a family office actually do?&nbsp; Let's make it real. Most business owners are&nbsp;&nbsp; losing 10 to 15% of their income through cracks&nbsp; individual professionals can't see. Not because&nbsp;&nbsp; the professionals are bad necessarily, but because&nbsp; nobody's looking at the whole picture at the same&nbsp;&nbsp; time. When a coordinated team sits down and&nbsp; looks at your entire financial life together,&nbsp;&nbsp; they find money leaking in four areas: taxes,&nbsp; interest, investments, and insurance. This isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; small dollars like coupon clipping. It's major&nbsp; dollars that move the needle. And once you see it,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can't unsee it. Clark and April, they had&nbsp; millions invested. Their financial adviser&nbsp;&nbsp; told them to refinance their house even though&nbsp; they're nearing retirement and put everything&nbsp;&nbsp; in stocks and bonds. No consideration for cash&nbsp; flow, which is what they really looking for.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just this one-dimensional pile of risk, one&nbsp; strategy, all paying the adviser his 1% fee.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, he pretended to diversify but had them relying&nbsp; on one person's opinion because of his commission.&nbsp;&nbsp; First year, they lost $600,000. They were asset&nbsp; rich and cash flow poor. They had money on paper,&nbsp;&nbsp; but they worried constantly. When they finally&nbsp; told their adviser they wanted to make a change,&nbsp;&nbsp; know what he said? Leaving would be your biggest&nbsp; mistake ever. Clark ended up throwing up. He&nbsp;&nbsp; felt sick to his stomach. Because that's&nbsp; not advice. That's a hostage negotiation.&nbsp;&nbsp; When they came to me, we didn't add a single&nbsp; new product. We didn't move their money in some&nbsp;&nbsp; exotic investment. We sat down as a coordinated&nbsp; team, CPA, attorney, insurance, investments,&nbsp;&nbsp; and we looked at the entire financial life at the&nbsp; same time. And one single day, we found $32,000 a&nbsp;&nbsp; month in cash flow from the choices they'd already&nbsp; made but had been delaying. Not new money, money&nbsp;&nbsp; that was already there, hiding the cracks between&nbsp; paying too much in tax because the professionals&nbsp;&nbsp; never talked to each other. We restructured loans&nbsp; to create more cash flow from their commercial&nbsp;&nbsp; properties. We paid off inefficient loans with&nbsp; their money markets and bonds that weren't earning&nbsp;&nbsp; as much as they were being charged. That's&nbsp; what coordination reveals. More cash flow,&nbsp;&nbsp; less risk. So, let me show you the four areas&nbsp; where having a family office and coordination&nbsp;&nbsp; can find you money. Because these are the same&nbsp; four areas leaking almost every single business&nbsp;&nbsp; owner's financial life. Taxes. More than nine&nbsp; times out of 10, coordination starts here because&nbsp;&nbsp; this is where the biggest gaps are hiding. You've&nbsp; got a CPA filing your taxes. That's the floor,&nbsp;&nbsp; not the ceiling. There's a huge difference between&nbsp; tax preparation and tax reduction. preparations&nbsp;&nbsp; looking through the rearview mirror, productions&nbsp; looking through the windshield. Are you taking&nbsp;&nbsp; advantage of your entity structure? If you're&nbsp; still operating as a individual sole proprietor,&nbsp;&nbsp; or you're only taking salary from an escorp,&nbsp; you could be overpaying by tens of thousands.&nbsp;&nbsp; What about the Augusta rule where you can rent&nbsp; your home to your business up to 14 days a year,&nbsp;&nbsp; taxdeductible to the business, taxree to you?&nbsp; What about hiring your kids for legitimate work&nbsp;&nbsp; and paying them under the standard deduction?&nbsp; What about cost segregation on real estate? One,&nbsp;&nbsp; real estate you already own. That would allow&nbsp; you to take faster tax deductions rather than&nbsp;&nbsp; waiting for years. And then you can borrow&nbsp; against the real estate without tax rel. If you want more, grab your copy of What Would&nbsp; Rockefellers Do? Just link in the description.&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me give you another story. Molly, she's&nbsp; an only child. Just earlier this year,&nbsp;&nbsp; unfortunately, her dad was diagnosed with cancer&nbsp; and she was concerned about getting her financial&nbsp;&nbsp; house in order as well as her father's. She found&nbsp; what would the Rockefellers do on Instagram,&nbsp;&nbsp; jumped in on my multiplier program and community.&nbsp; Her results facilitator Andrew started working on&nbsp;&nbsp; her dad's trust and hers as well at the same&nbsp; time. Same strategy session, two generations,&nbsp;&nbsp; one coordinated plan. Guess what? Her father's&nbsp; going to offset over a million dollars in income&nbsp;&nbsp; this year from the cost segregation alone.&nbsp; When he dies, there's a step up in basis. So&nbsp;&nbsp; you get the tax advantage and then he gets to pass&nbsp; it on to his daughter without taxes whatsoever.&nbsp;&nbsp; The attorney got a trust that will keep the&nbsp; assets private and avoid going through the courts&nbsp;&nbsp; or making the assets public knowledge. A&nbsp; few moves that made a major difference. See,&nbsp;&nbsp; most people don't know these exist because&nbsp; their CPA never told them about it. It takes&nbsp;&nbsp; an engineer for cost segregation, an attorney&nbsp; to set up your trust or your corporation,&nbsp;&nbsp; a coordinated team that asks the right questions&nbsp; because they can see how your tax situation is&nbsp;&nbsp; impacted by what type of corporation you choose,&nbsp; by your insurance, by your legacy plan, and they&nbsp;&nbsp; can see how that all impacts your cash flow all at&nbsp; once. See, that's the tax leak. And a coordinator&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure it gets found. So, here's the test.&nbsp; Are you meeting proactively with your CPA&nbsp;&nbsp; or just filing what happened last year? By the&nbsp; way, if you don't know the answer, it's definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; the second one. Second thing here is interest.&nbsp; Every loan you have is either helping you&nbsp;&nbsp; or hurting you. And most people have never&nbsp; taken 20 minutes to look at their loans in&nbsp;&nbsp; one place and ask, "What can I do about these?"&nbsp; I teach something called the three R framework.&nbsp;&nbsp; Refinance, renegotiate, and reallocate. Refinance&nbsp; simply means changing the structure of a loan&nbsp;&nbsp; so it consumes less cash flow. lower&nbsp; rates, longer amortization period,&nbsp;&nbsp; consolidate from high interest rate to low&nbsp; interest rate. Right? Sometimes the fastest way&nbsp;&nbsp; to improve cash flow isn't paying off a loan. It's&nbsp; simply restructuring it. Maybe you have assets you&nbsp;&nbsp; can use as collateral to get a better interest&nbsp; rate. There's so many stories where this happens.&nbsp;&nbsp; You know, there's people all the time that have a&nbsp; whole life policy. They could borrow against it,&nbsp;&nbsp; pay off a high interest rate credit card, and they&nbsp; can pocket the difference. or refinance a car to&nbsp;&nbsp; pay off again a high interest rate business&nbsp; loan. Pocket the difference. When you have&nbsp;&nbsp; assets you can use as collateral, you get better&nbsp; interest rates. Maybe it's even a loan against a&nbsp;&nbsp; brokerage account or again against your cash value&nbsp; life insurance. The second R is renegotiate. Means&nbsp;&nbsp; questioning what you've been tolerating. Interest&nbsp; rates, fees that no longer reflect reality.&nbsp;&nbsp; Every dollar you overpay, it's a dollar lost.&nbsp; Renegotiation alone can create immediate returns&nbsp;&nbsp; that boost your bottom line without risk.&nbsp; There's no delay. I worked with a dentist&nbsp;&nbsp; that got a streamline on an existing mortgage.&nbsp; Meaning he just got to lower his interest rate&nbsp;&nbsp; with the same company without having to pay&nbsp; all the closing costs of a refinance. See,&nbsp;&nbsp; good credit, good cash flow, good collateral, and&nbsp; good connections. Credit, cash flow, collateral,&nbsp;&nbsp; and connections. Those are the four C's to&nbsp; renegotiation. Now, the last R. Reallocate&nbsp;&nbsp; means looking where your money is sitting idle.&nbsp; If you're earning 3% on savings while paying 8%&nbsp;&nbsp; on a loan, you've got cash flow every single&nbsp; month that's being lost. Paying off that loan,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not being conservative. It's a guaranteed&nbsp; tax-free return that will increase your cash flow.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just had someone at my cash cabin experience&nbsp; where they're getting less than 2% on their&nbsp;&nbsp; Edward Jones account and paying 22% on credit&nbsp; cards. Easy choice. Let's save the money. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; your mortgage lender doesn't care about your car&nbsp; loan, your car loan company. They don't care about&nbsp;&nbsp; your business line of credit. Nobody's looking at&nbsp; all these together. Coordinated team looks at all&nbsp;&nbsp; of it and says, "Which loans do we refinance?&nbsp; Which fees do we eliminate or renegotiate?&nbsp;&nbsp; And where does money create the most cash flow?"&nbsp; That's the interest leak. It only gets found&nbsp;&nbsp; when someone sees the full picture. So, here's&nbsp; your test. Pull up your loans. Breach one ask.&nbsp;&nbsp; Can I refinance at a lower rate or better terms?&nbsp; Is there something I've been tolerating I could&nbsp;&nbsp; renegotiate? Is there idle money somewhere&nbsp; earning less than what the loan's costing me?&nbsp;&nbsp; If you haven't asked all three questions about&nbsp; your loans, you're likely losing money with&nbsp;&nbsp; money that's going to the institutions instead&nbsp; of to your pocket. So, let's go to investments.&nbsp;&nbsp; Most people think investing means putting money&nbsp; in the stock market and hoping it goes up.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's one-dimensional. The best investments&nbsp; do three things at once. They create cash flow,&nbsp;&nbsp; they build equity over time, and they provide real&nbsp; tax advantages. Again, when you have a coordinated&nbsp;&nbsp; team, that becomes easy because it's within reach.&nbsp; Trying to do too much on your own takes time, and&nbsp;&nbsp; it steals your energy. If your financial person's&nbsp; chasing returns without considering your taxes,&nbsp;&nbsp; your cash flow, or what your business really&nbsp; requires, they're really going for their piece&nbsp;&nbsp; without seeing your whole picture. See, I want&nbsp; your dollar to do more than one thing. I want to&nbsp;&nbsp; add more options of the future, more choices, and&nbsp; less risk. A coordinated team makes that possible&nbsp;&nbsp; because they see how your investments connect to&nbsp; your tax strategy, how your insurance, and your&nbsp;&nbsp; cash flow all impacts it at once. Plus, only 8%&nbsp; of managed funds outperform index funds. However,&nbsp;&nbsp; private funds have the opportunity to far out&nbsp; earn the stock market, but they also have a higher&nbsp;&nbsp; chance to lose everything. So, where do you have&nbsp; the most control? Well, lowering fees, admin fees,&nbsp;&nbsp; legal fees, right, with retirement plans,&nbsp; expense ratios with investments, 12b1 fees&nbsp;&nbsp; with mutual funds and fiduciary fees, which is&nbsp; that percentage you pay to your financial adviser&nbsp;&nbsp; who all they did was collect the assets.&nbsp; They don't actually invest the money.&nbsp;&nbsp; They hand it to someone else. This 1 to 2% in&nbsp; fees can be 20 to 50% of your overall return&nbsp;&nbsp; cuz compound interest also has compounding&nbsp; costs. And those small percentages, they add up.&nbsp;&nbsp; So that's the investment leak. Your test, look&nbsp; at your biggest investment outside your business.&nbsp;&nbsp; Does it create cash flow, equity growth,&nbsp; tax advantages? If it only does one,&nbsp;&nbsp; you're stuck in a one-dimensional investment.&nbsp; Then think, do you know your fees and the&nbsp;&nbsp; impact on your funds or your mind if they go down,&nbsp; right? Do you have influence or knowledge? If not,&nbsp;&nbsp; you might be gambling your future and paying hefty&nbsp; with those fees. Finally, insurance. Nobody wakes&nbsp;&nbsp; up says, "Let's talk insurance, but I'm going to&nbsp; put more money in your pocket." This one's sneaky&nbsp;&nbsp; because people either have too much of the&nbsp; wrong kind or not enough of the right kind.&nbsp;&nbsp; Your insurance person, they sold you a policy. Did&nbsp; they coordinate your deductibles with the amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of savings you have? Are there places you can more&nbsp; effectively cover certain risk through something&nbsp;&nbsp; like a captive insurance structure? It's basically&nbsp; setting up your own insurance company. It's like a&nbsp;&nbsp; CC Corp. And in the tax code, it's either 831A&nbsp; or B. It just simply says, "Hey, I'm going to&nbsp;&nbsp; cover these things on my own." And then you can&nbsp; raise deductibles or replace insuranceances.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you don't have a claim, you get to pocket&nbsp; the money. Plus, you get to invest it like an&nbsp;&nbsp; insurance company. Now, it's going to require&nbsp; an attorney or CPA, and you want your insurance&nbsp;&nbsp; professional to collaborate. But did your attorney&nbsp; look at an asset protection combined with your&nbsp;&nbsp; current coverage to protect what you built? Did&nbsp; your insurance person talk to that attorney?&nbsp;&nbsp; This is where a lack of coordination, not&nbsp; having a family office, cost people big time.&nbsp;&nbsp; See, insurance, it's not just protection, it's&nbsp; permission. When you're properly protected, you&nbsp;&nbsp; make bolder decisions. You invest with confidence.&nbsp; You sleep at night. When you're not protected,&nbsp;&nbsp; you play small. You hoard cash just in case. That&nbsp; fear cost you more than any premium ever would.&nbsp;&nbsp; That's the insurance leak. And it only&nbsp; gets plugged when your insurance person,&nbsp;&nbsp; your attorney, and maybe even your CPA are&nbsp; in the same conversation. So your test,&nbsp;&nbsp; if something happened tomorrow, how&nbsp; much insurance would you get today?&nbsp;&nbsp; Probably as much as you can, right? We don't hate&nbsp; having insurance. We just hate paying for it.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, how you design it makes a difference.&nbsp; See, when we put all these four together,&nbsp;&nbsp; taxes, interest, investments, insurance, each area&nbsp; on its own might be two or 3%. Might even hardly&nbsp;&nbsp; notice it. But together, that's 10%, 15%, even&nbsp; 20% of money that's rightfully yours in someone&nbsp;&nbsp; else's hands. And here's the part that changes&nbsp; everything. That's money to fund your legacy,&nbsp;&nbsp; your trust, your family's future. It's already&nbsp; there. You don't find it by cutting back. You find&nbsp;&nbsp; it by plugging leaks. That's what a coordinated&nbsp; team does. Not once, not even once a year,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as a system that catches what no&nbsp; individual could ever do on their own.&nbsp;&nbsp; So, let's go through the financial strength&nbsp; builder. It's five questions. Be honest.&nbsp;&nbsp; When was the last time your CPA, attorney, and&nbsp; insurance person in the same communication?&nbsp;&nbsp; The answer is never, your team's obviously not&nbsp; coordinated. If the answer's once or years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's still not coordination. That's a&nbsp; one-time event. Next, have you looked at&nbsp;&nbsp; all your loans in one place and asked three&nbsp; questions? Can I refinance, renegotiate,&nbsp;&nbsp; or do I have idle money I can reallocate to&nbsp; eliminate this loan, free up the cash flow, and&nbsp;&nbsp; have more peace of mind? If you haven't done that&nbsp; exercise, you might have a leak you can't see.&nbsp;&nbsp; Does your biggest investment outside of your&nbsp; business give you cash flow, equity growth,&nbsp;&nbsp; and tax advantages? If it only does one,&nbsp; you're leaving two dimensions on the table.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if something happened to you tomorrow,&nbsp; does your family know where every policy,&nbsp;&nbsp; every account, and every document lives? If&nbsp; not, your plan has a single point of failure.&nbsp;&nbsp; You look, here's a gift that you can just give.&nbsp; It doesn't require any money. Just a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; of time. I sat down with my wife and I said, "Hey,&nbsp; here's where every password is. Here's where every&nbsp;&nbsp; financial document is. What questions do you&nbsp; have? I want to make sure you know if anything&nbsp;&nbsp; happens to me where everything is. Man, that gave&nbsp; her so much peace of mind. Now, final question.&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you feel like you're maybe paying too much in&nbsp; tax? By the way, if you do, DM me on Instagram.&nbsp;&nbsp; Just put the words tax navigator. I'll give you&nbsp; my comprehensive and complete checklist that my&nbsp;&nbsp; family office created for me. See, in the last&nbsp; video, I told you legacy isn't what you leave,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's how you live. Today, I showed you the&nbsp; system that makes it possible. Not the money,&nbsp;&nbsp; but the method, the coordination, and the&nbsp; team. You don't need hundreds of millions.&nbsp;&nbsp; You don't need to live in a mansion.&nbsp; You need one tradition on the calendar,&nbsp;&nbsp; five values your family wrote together, and&nbsp; a team that talks to each other, not once,&nbsp;&nbsp; but as a system. If you don't know about the&nbsp; other family legacy rings, go watch the video&nbsp;&nbsp; that you can click right now. This right here&nbsp; is about the family office. But if you want a&nbsp;&nbsp; full financial deep dive on how the trust and&nbsp; whole life policy actually work mechanically,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is how the Rockefellers go from generation&nbsp; to generation, watch the Rockefeller method video&nbsp;&nbsp; next. I'll show you exactly how the engine&nbsp; runs. Legacy is not just what you leave.

  Top Comments:
  1. @oceandust5346 [2 likes]: You are the only one discussing this!

- 7 Signs Someone is Secretly Wealthy: Kind: captions Language: es-MX La mayoría de los millonarios y multimillonarios son completamente invisibles. Probablemente estén sentados junto a ti en Starbucks, y ni siquiera sabes que tienen siete, ocho o quizá hasta nueve cifras en el banco. En mi opinión, hay siete señales reveladoras que delatan si alguien es rico en secreto o no, así que si sabes qué buscar, podrás encontrarlos. Sinceramente creo que si logras adoptar algunos de sus hábitos, podría ser la clave para construir una verdadera riqueza por tu cuenta. La primera señal que vamos a ver es que la gente rica evita a toda costa hablar de las tres E. Ahora, estas tres E se refieren a ganar, a lo caro y al exceso. Por la primera E, que es ganar, nunca hablan del dinero que están ganando porque para ellos, si alguien siempre está hablando de dinero y de cuánto gana, demuestra que esa persona todavía está en la etapa de querer probar algo. Los verdaderamente ricos no tienen nada que probar porque en secreto ya saben que tienen el dinero y no hay necesidad de decírselo a nadie. La segunda E: no presumen su última compra cara. Mientras otros publican bolsas de diseñador o relojes de lujo en redes, los ricos en secreto callan sus adquisiciones. Porque si alguien habla constantemente de cuánto costó su carro, de lo caras que fueron sus vacaciones, es una clara señal de que estiraron su presupuesto para poder pagarlo y están tratando de maximizar cada dólar que gastaron obteniendo algo de fama en redes sociales o quizá contándoselo a sus amigos. Y la tercera E es que evitan vivir en exceso, al menos en cuanto a su imagen externa. La gente rica entiende que los verdaderos lujos en la vida son tener opciones, comodidad y libertad, y no tener las cosas más ostentosas. Si alguna vez te encuentras con una persona que habla de cuánto gana, cuál fue la compra más cara que ha hecho recientemente, o simplemente vive en exceso y lo presume, puedes apostar que esa persona probablemente no es rica. ¿Te crees mucho por tu Range Rover? Pues sí. Al menos yo tengo carro. ¿Tú siquiera tienes uno? Quédate aquí. ¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora? ¡¿Quién es el plebeyo ahora?! Eso pensé. Okay. Entonces, eso significa lo contrario. Los que son callados, son ricos en secreto, y creo que si puedes adoptar este tipo de actitud en tu vida, podría ayudarte a generar más riqueza. Porque la energía hipotética que gastarías en las apariencias, o en impresionar a otros, podría redirigirse a construir tu patrimonio neto real. La señal número dos de que alguien es rico en secreto: conduce un auto confiable, de cinco a más de diez años, ya pagado. No manejan autos ostentosos como BMW de alta gama, Porsches, Rolls-Royces o Lamborghinis. Eso es porque los ricos saben lo brutal de la depreciación, así que tirar quinientos a ochocientos dólares al mes en la mensualidad de un carro por algo que pierde valor cada día es un retorno de inversión muy negativo. Y si haces cuentas, podrías invertir de seis mil a nueve mil seiscientos dólares anuales en su lugar, y en diez años con rendimientos compuestos, eso bien podría valer más de cien mil. Además, un auto de cinco a más de diez años ya perdió la mayor parte de su valor por depreciación. Las curvas de depreciación de autos varían, pero se aplanan drásticamente tras cinco años. Esto significa que la mayor parte de la depreciación ya ha ocurrido, por lo que el valor se estabiliza. Si quieres ahorrar dinero en cuanto a carros, creo que tiene mucho sentido comprar un carro usado con unas treinta mil millas o quizá de tres a cinco años de uso. Ese suele ser el punto ideal entre valor y depreciación, pero si solo quieres ser una persona rica que pasa desapercibida, quizá optarías por algo más viejo. Pueden ver en esta gráfica que estos son los modelos de los carros, y el "aquí" que se indica en la gráfica es el punto de inflexión alrededor del año seis o siete, y es cuando la depreciación realmente se desacelera. Los ricos en secreto entienden que un auto es solo transporte. Prefieren ese dinero extra en inversión, evitando pagos de auto y destinándolo a activos que generen riqueza. En otras palabras, prefieren ser ricos que solo parecer ricos y al mismo tiempo deber un montón de dinero por un carro. La señal número tres de que alguien es rico en secreto es que el dinero que sí gastan lo invierten en cosas que la gente normal ni siquiera consideraría. gastan su dinero en cosas poco comunes, por ejemplo, para tener más tiempo, pueden tener un pasatiempo de coleccionables raros, o gastan dinero en pequeños lujos o comodidades de las que no te enterarías a menos que, por alguna razón, pudieras pasar veinticuatro/siete con ellos todos los días. Hablemos primero del tiempo. Una persona rica entiende que el único recurso finito en todo el mundo y en la vida es el tiempo. Por lo tanto, podrían comprar su tiempo de vuelta y están dispuestos a gastar una cantidad desproporcionada de dinero en las cosas que pueden devolverles ese tiempo. En viajes, podrían volar en privado, evitando seguridad, saliendo cuando quieran y saltándose el tedioso abordaje y desembarque. Para la comida, un chef privado les hace las compras y cocina saludable, ahorrándoles incontables horas semanales. Y las tareas del hogar, también las delegan. Para eso, seguro tienen mucha ayuda. Y en todos estos casos de ahorro de tiempo, realmente no tendrías idea de que alguien gasta dinero en estos servicios a menos que pudieras observar a esta persona por un período prolongado. La siguiente categoría de gasto en la que una persona rica podría derrochar, es en pasatiempos poco comunes o caros como coleccionar arte raro, vinos finos, recuerdos deportivos o quizá hasta tarjetas de Pokémon. En lugar de mostrar su riqueza como una persona normal, prefieren hacerlo con una apreciación por el lujo y artículos raros. Poseer algo que cientos de miles ya tienen no es lo suficientemente genial para ellos. Necesitan sentirse únicos; cuanto más raro el artículo, más codiciado. En mi opinión, es naturaleza humana. Cubiertas las necesidades básicas, los ricos ya no compiten con otros. Están tratando de diferenciarse por completo de todos los demás, y una de las formas en que lo hacen es coleccionando bienes raros o quizá comprando su tiempo de vuelta, que es su activo más... eh, valioso. Otra parte de la naturaleza humana es suscribirse a mi boletín gratuito llamado Hump Days. Ahí publicamos noticias de negocios dos veces por semana, los miércoles y domingos. Y si quieres ser rico en secreto algún día y disfrutas los videos de aquí, asegúrate de suscribirte. Es completamente gratis en la descripción de abajo. Perdón, tenía que meter el comercial sutilmente. Bueno, continuemos. La señal número cuatro de que alguien es rico en secreto, es que son conscientes de su imagen. Ya aludí un poco a esto en la primera señal, pero la gente rica entiende que, por lo general, la gente siente envidia de lo que no tiene. Incluso si tu mejor amigo está feliz por ti el noventa y nueve por ciento de las veces que tienes éxito, siempre habrá un pequeño pensamiento en su mente, quizá en el fondo, de "¿Cómo sería si mi vida fuera como la de ellos?" o "¿Por qué no pude ser yo?". Esa es la naturaleza humana. Así que, para no incomodar a nadie, evitan hablar de cualquier cosa que pueda llevar a alguien a entender, por deducción, cuánto dinero podrían tener o cuán exitosos son. Si le preguntas a una persona rica cuál es su patrimonio neto, es probable que diga alguna frase como: "Me ha ido bastante bien", o "Ahí la llevo", o quizá, "Ciertamente no soy la persona más rica que conozco". Nick, no puedes pagarlo. ¿Tu familia es realmente rica? Cómodamente. Eso es exactamente lo que diría una persona súper rica. Y de hecho, esta es una historia real que me pasó. Estaba comiendo con un individuo que vale más de nueve cifras, o sea, al menos cien millones de dólares de patrimonio neto. Y cuando hablaba de sus amigos en la comida, todos multimillonarios, soltó algo en la conversación muy casualmente. Fue algo como: "Soy pobre en comparación con todos mis amigos". Para mí, fue una locura escuchar eso porque me demostró que a medida que subes en la escalera de la riqueza, siempre habrá alguien más rico con quien compararte. Digo, eso es cierto para casi todos en el mundo a menos que seas Elon Musk, claro pero sigue siendo una locura pensar que alguien en el Top 400 de Forbes, por ejemplo, todavía podría compararse con personas que están más arriba en la lista. La comparación está tan arraigada en la naturaleza humana. Estaría dispuesto a apostar que hay al menos una persona en la lista del Top 400 de Forbes que piensa que no es lo suficientemente rica, aunque racionalmente, están perfectamente bien. La gente rica quiere ser cuidadosa con su imagen externa también por razones de seguridad. Si son constantemente ostentosos, o le dicen a la gente cuál es su patrimonio neto, solo están atrayendo atención negativa y resentimiento de otros, lo que podría comprometer su seguridad. La quinta señal de que una persona es rica en secreto es que hace preguntas detalladas sobre compras de menos de cien dólares, pero no pestañea ante gastos grandes y necesarios. Esto es bastante común. Podrías encontrar a una persona rica pasando de veinte a treinta minutos investigando la mejor batería portátil de veinte dólares en Amazon. Leen reseñas, se clavan viendo videos de YouTube, pero de repente, los verás soltar quince mil dólares en un techo nuevo sin pestañear. La diferencia es que la compra de la batería portátil es un gusto, mientras que el techo era una necesidad. Probablemente hay quince opciones diferentes de baterías portátiles que hacen lo mismo, así que la persona rica se toma su tiempo para encontrar el mejor valor por su dinero. El reemplazo del techo de quince mil dólares, por otro lado, es una necesidad, y especialmente si el reemplazo es urgente, simplemente gastarán el dinero para acelerar esa reparación. Personalmente, creo que esto es más un hábito arraigado de alguien que se hizo rico por su propio esfuerzo. Este pequeño hábito de no gastar de más en compras pequeñas a lo largo del año puede sumar un gran ahorro en el transcurso de trescientos sesenta y cinco días. Sin embargo, la gente rica entiende que los grandes gastos necesarios ocurrirán, y cuando esas cosas surgen, tienen que actuar rápida y decisivamente. La señal número seis de que alguien es rico en secreto: ha dominado la espera. Mientras los demás compran cosas al instante, la gente rica investigará una compra por meses, esperará la oferta perfecta o, a veces, decidirá que no necesita ese artículo. También entienden que la mayoría de las ofertas no son reales. Y si esperas lo suficiente, casi todo se pone en liquidación. Si te pones a pensar en lo que es una oferta, es literalmente un descuento inventado basado en un número inventado. ¿Y quién establece ese número? Generalmente es el proveedor o el vendedor de dicho artículo. Una persona rica en secreto podría ser muy frugal y orientada al valor, no le importará esperar, especialmente si eso significa obtener algo que realmente ama, en lugar de algo con lo que solo está conforme. Entonces, una buena lección aquí es que si estás pensando en una compra grande, esperes al menos de siete a treinta días, realmente tienes que hacer una pausa y preguntarte si de verdad seguirás queriendo ese artículo, digamos, dentro de un mes. Y quizá podrías pensar en artículos sustitutos que cumplan el mismo propósito y que no te cuesten un dineral. Esto es solo gratificación postergada, el concepto clave para volverte muy, muy rico más adelante en la vida. A veces, debes renunciar a lo que quieres ahora por una vida financiera más sólida y un mejor futuro. La mayoría no puede postergar la gratificación ni veinticuatro horas, mucho menos cinco o diez años, una disciplina clave para la riqueza. Los ricos en secreto son muy pacientes, esperan no solo ofertas, sino también otras cosas importantes en la vida. La señal número siete: viven en una casa modesta, muy por debajo de su capacidad de pago. Mientras la mayoría se estira con hipotecas apenas pagables, los ricos en secreto hacen lo opuesto. Viven en casas que parecen casi demasiado pequeñas o modestas para alguien con su nivel de ingresos, o simplemente son dueños de su casa y nunca te darían a entender que viven sin hipoteca. Si te compras una casa grande y lujosa que apenas puedes pagar, no solo tendrás más metros cuadrados que decorar, sino que probablemente necesitarás limpiadores, jardineros, y si tienes alberca, un alberquero. Y una vez que tienes una casa grande, no querrás una más pequeña. Tendrás la expectativa de mantener las apariencias para vecinos, amigos y familiares, lo que implica gastar más dinero para mantener tu estilo de vida. Hay muchos niveles de riqueza. Si el objetivo es vivir tu vida más plena, serás más feliz, en mi opinión, si simplemente te mantienes callado. Compartí este tuit en un video anterior, pero creo que resume muy bien los diferentes niveles de riqueza. Brandon Turner (Twitter/X) dice que hay tres niveles de riqueza. Nivel uno: cortas tu césped porque no tienes dinero. Nivel dos: pagas a alguien porque tienes algo de dinero y valoras tu tiempo. Nivel tres: cortas tu césped porque, ya retirado, tienes tanta libertad y tiempo que quieres hacerlo tú mismo, por puro placer. Esto es muy acertado, pues la persona en el nivel tres es probablemente la más rica, disfrutando su vida y cortando su césped por el simple gusto de hacerlo. ¡Gracias por ver el video! Suscríbanse a Hump Days si no lo han hecho. Si les interesa mi próximo video sobre cómo llegar al uno por ciento superior, tengo consejos geniales... ahí. Querrán verlo aquí. Los veo en ese video, o en otro. Gracias por acompañarme. Paz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JackAnthony-r4s [59 likes]: Unfortunately, not all of us were financially literate early in life. I was 45 when I finally took the time to educate myself and start making real changes. At that point, I was $97,000 in debt with zero savings or retirement. Fast forward just two years, I'm now completely debt-free with a net worth of over $3M.That may not sound like a huge number to some, but to me, it's something I'm incredibly proud of. I'm currently fast-tracking my wealth-building journey, already investing $550,000 and owing absolutely nothing to anyone.Since I joined this channel three year ago, my mindset and financial habits have transformed. It's a good feeling. May God continue to bless you.
  2. @deelehey2827 [1 likes]: Wine collections?   What a waste of money.  All alcohol is bad for your health.
  3. @robmirich3281: A rich guy with a roof replacement costing $15k? That is a deal I want and we are broke.

I would like the numbers this AI guy is talking about.
  4. @Brian-xu9di: I am worth about 17m, and am comfortable.  Not sure if it’s considered rich or not, as there are thousands of definitions.   I pretty much live a normal life, and at 65, still work a full time job.  I am starting to get sick of it, so may retire soon.  Money has just removed a lot of stress from my life, but really hasn’t changed my standard of living much.   My goal in life was to be happy, not rich.
  5. @Chris-kf3xd: Wealthy for me is not having to think about money all the time. House paid for cars paid for and if we want to travel we go where we want when we want.
  6. @spearfisherman308: The only designer things I buy, I buy them for my hobby not to use every day so my costa sunglasses I use for sight fishing and they are clearer than cheap sunglasses but your average person wanting to appear wealthy will just waste money on them to look cool.
  7. @alexandermathews3601: I AM a millionaire and I always tried to hide but people always find out
  8. @patriciayohn6136: Very good video!
  9. @CruelTurk: im not wealthy but i do all these things
  10. @AlfaRomeo2024: My wife and I were both lucky to have a good financial education early in life. I guess I took it for granted everyone did. Our jobs were not high status jobs so it’s always amusing when people talk down to us like we were broke when we are very well off. 😂. We just let them think that. There is nothing to be gained by letting people know you are wealthy other than ego.
  11. @chiefkev: True wealth isn't in things or trips or services.  It is the recognition and gratitude for those things of which we are sufficiently supplied, and healthy enough to enjoy life and share with love ones.  Gratitude for what we have already is key to true wealth.
  12. @gavinlim3143: Some people are wealthy enough to enjoy the better things in life. Why not buy a bmw or a cartier when it makes the person happy? I actually feel bad for super wealthy people but don't really spend to enjoy their hard work. We don't build wealth just to see more zeros in our bank account. We build wealth to give us better and happier lives.
  13. @LineaDea: Daddy, Janjan and Mommy.
  14. @gelaende: I like all my friends to be much richer than me. if I am the richest: who will they turn to when they have a financial problem? When I am the poorest: I have all my friends that I can ask for help.
  15. @bdk5259: i dont know about the car chapter. Most wealthy people are collectors or just car enthusiats so they do spend money on those vehicles
  16. @thedoor5442: They wouldn't be getting coffee at Starbux they would be at McDonalds!
  17. @Pidalin: I had a possibility to know family of the richest Czech person Petr Kellner (he died few years ago in a helicopter accident) and it's exactly as you say - all people around him using standard stuff, not fancy things, buying things in sales, wearing ordinary cloths, using ordinary cars, keeping their privacy properly, not showing what they have openly. You realize how rich they are after you visit some of their secret places where they have a giant pool under the house, but you don't see it from outside. 😀
On other hand, I knew many fake rich people who were buying overpriced nonsenses just to show you they can afford it. This lesson from Kellner's family gave me an important lesson about how rich people behave and what they show on public and what they keep private. You see their ordinary car, but you don't see that future president candidats are visiting them for a coffee. 😀
Their privacy security was that brutal that not even Google knows who his brothers are, their names etc...I know, but I never told anyone because I respect their privacy.
  18. @deelehey2827: I brag about how little I pay for items.  😁😂🤣😜
  19. @TomScott__: I cut my own grass. 😉
  20. @terryheaton31: Giving children an allowance is a great way to teach delayed gratification.

- How To Build Wealth For Beginners: Kind: captions Language: en are you one of the people who desires to create wealth or are you one of those people who just desires to have enough money just to be comfortable uh in this video I want to talk to the people who have a desire to create wealth uh not just wealth but lasting generational perpetuating wealth and in order to create wealth you have to understand the purpose of cash right um or the purpose of wealth what wealth is what wealth is not the purpose of cash and it's really fascinating when I talk to people like I can talk to somebody for five minutes and I can pretty much even if we're just talking about something random I can pretty much assess where they are financially because because your words betray you they they tell people who you are and um creating wealth the idea feels hard until you learn how to do it and then once you learn how to do it you ask yourself the question why did I ever feel like this was hard I don't know if anybody can relate to what I'm talking about but like when you're on the comeup and you're struggling financially and you're like I don't get why this isn't working you don't get why it's working but number one reason it's not working is because you don't understand what wealth is you don't understand the purpose of money and when you start to realize some of those things you don't understand understand the difference between cash flow and cash accumulation and cash perpetuation like you don't understand these Concepts you just think well money is the stuff you get when you go to work and you trade some of your time right and what you do with it is you pay bills or what you do with it is you pay bills on time and you create good credit and so so my objective is to give you a totally different perspective because if you have a totally different perspective then maybe you'll shift your focus to a totally different purpose when it comes to money does that make sense and so when I think of like the concept in my book um on how to build a strong financial house you know you have you have it built on the foundation of truth because truth is the foundation of everything right and then up here you have your asset protection and then you have your four windows and you have your door with your door knob of course okay and so you have this one is your income window and on your income window like most people get their income from their job right and so when people think of money they think number one job and what they do is they trade some of this for some of this and then they trade this for the stuff that they desire to have for their car their insurance and their food and whatever their clothes and whatever else they they trade this for this and then this for everything else in their life okay cool and so because everything costs money people have they emphasize the money because everything costs money and so they think well if I can just accumulate more money and so people obsess because people obsess in America in the world over accumulating money and they think that they think that cash accumulation is the primary objective of cash but I I submit to you it's not so people who are wealthy understand that Cath cash accumulation is not the primary purpose of wealth I'm going to get into that in a minute so what happens is this is your this is your what I call your IPA window this is your wrl window and this is your outgo window so so most people poor people their cash comes in this is the this is what happens with poor people their cash comes their money comes into their house and it goes out the outgo window in the form of bills because poor people think the primary purpose of this is to pay for this oops is to pay bills right so poor people they hyper obsess on bills and they hyper obsess on income so that they can pay those bills because if they don't pay those those bills they're going to get phone calls they don't want to receive like they're going to lose things that they desire to have and so like you may be able to relate to this maybe not but you're like okay do I pay my water bill this month or my electric bill this month and maybe none of you have ever been there but I've been there that's that's where I used to live at the end of am I going to pay my water bill this month or my electric bill this month the street right and so okay are we going to pay the car insurance or are we going to pay our gas bill like am I say gas I'm talking about gas for the house right so it's like when you hyper focus on bills the focus on bills your focus on this is what makes you poor it's it's like thinking that this is the primary purpose of money is what makes you poor right now middle class people middle class people what they do is they pay their bills on time time so they can maintain good credit so they use debt and wrl stands for wealth reducing liabilities so they take some of their money they pay their they borrow money and then they pay their debts and so their money comes in through their job and then it comes down through the debt window and then through the outgo window and then out in the form of bills again but they focus this is the primary window focus of the middle class people right and what a lot of people do they say well if I could just make this window bigger if I could just get more income for the amount of time that I work if I get paid a higher dollar an hour so I was making $15 an hour so now if I can make $35 an hour my life is going to get better well it is going to get incrementally better but it's not going to get exponentially better right or if I can make $50 an hour or $75 an hour or $100 an hour and most people who are think making $25 an hour right now they think man if I could make $100 an hour I'd be in the cat bird seat for the rest of my life Catbird Seat Texas colloquialism very good good spot okay so so rich people understand that this is the this is this is the window that makes you wealthy incom producing assets you take some of your money you take some of your time and you put it in here this is where we put that and when we do this when you take some of your money and some of your time and put it in here in the beginning it produces nothing this is why most people never do it because when you first start I it's it's like you can't really ever start making a lot of money until you learn how to stop working for money and that doesn't mean you stop working you quit your job because you sto working for money it means you work on things that don't pay you in the beginning because a part of wealth creation a big part of wealth creation is delayed gratification you have to put off things you desire to do now and you have to sacrifice some of the things you want to do now on the altar of things you want to do in the future what most people do is they do the exact opposite they sacrifice the long term on the short of the AL on the altar of the short term when making your life better in any Arena you sacrifice the short term on the long altar of the long term it doesn't matter if you want to learn a new skill it doesn't matter if you want to acquire wealth it doesn't matter if you want to develop a new physical like um uh experience of life like you want to have more energy and have more health and vitality in your body it doesn't matter it always resolves it always goes down to the same thing Val valuing the long term over the short term why because eternity is more real than time because spirituality is more real than physicality because that like that's what it's a picture of like this is bigger than just a conversation about money this is a conversation about how life works and so so what happens when you take some of your money and some of your time you put in here in the beginning it does nothing then it produces a little bit of money and then it produces a little more and then it produces a little more and then produces a little more and this window as you begin to fill it up with assets or the assets become begin to be more productive and produce more wealth what happens is this window now starts putting some money back into this window right and so now the the you have this you have this thing where it's the money's coming in but it's going it's coming back then eventually when you get to this point you get to the point where this window this income that you're making now go U the income producing asset window now pays for your bills so all of your bills imagine imagine if you had assets that could pay for all of your bills for instance I'm going to take this book I'm going to take this book right here this book right here generates between $7,000 and $188,000 a month I wrote this book in 2006 right literally all of my personal bills could be paid for with this one asset I wrote the book one time I put this book boom in that window and every month month after month after month after month after month after month whether I go get it or not this is income that comes in from my income producing asset window every month from this book my other book boss moves I wrote that book in 20 2021 that book generates between 35 and $770,000 a month I'm not oh you're so rich and wonderful has nothing to do with it I have an asset income producing asset window that has assets in it that income can follow if you don't like if you're struggling financially right now it's because you have no assets and you are an asset like your your work and your time is your only asset and if that's what you if that's all you have for now that's fine but man if you know this now and you keep on living in 5 years from now that's still all you have maybe that's a problem and So eventually this you put this window in your house gets so big you don't need this anymore eventually this window in your house gets so big not only does it pay for this not only does it put money over here but it also pays for your wealth reducing liabilities it changes the game forever like when I think about money this is how I think about it when I get a dollar I don't say oh what can I go buy like what can I go buy what bill can I pay no the first thing I think when I get some money is okay what what can I what what can I use this to what what can I use this money for to acquire or en enance an asset that'll produce more money how can I turn this money into more money that's my first question some of you watching this video right now it's not your first question not your second question not your third question not your fourth question in fact it's not even a question on your question list and you wonder why you're struggling you're struggling because all of the money that comes into you and your family you have to go out and get it that's why you're struggling if you think about it when God made man where did he put him do he put him in a factory no he didn't put him in a factory oh he put him in a bakery right because the economic pie right no he didn't put him in a baker where God put man when he made him in a garden isn't that fascinating because what you do is you plant the seed and the seed becomes the asset the seed produces the fruit and the fruit is what you live off of of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat and see what's happening you haven't planted any seeds for assets and you wonder why like you're you're doing it God gave us Clues you're doing it in a different way than he set it up and you're wondering why it's not working it's not working because he didn't design it to work that way he designed it to work a different way and so what you got to do is you got to work within the parameters of how God created the system is what I'm saying making sense I mean I know I'm getting a little animated right now but is is what I'm saying making sense this this when I got this it was a wrap when I understood this I was rich in my mind before I was rich in my pocketbook because I knew what I had needed to do now I was like I was done it wasn't it wasn't that I didn't didn't have a job it was I am I hyper I for the first time in my life and it was it was April of 1999 for the first time in my life I hyperfocused on this window hyperfocus assets assets assets I need more assets got got to have more assets got to have more assets got to have more assets need some assets income can follow okay so now here's what most people think this is average Joe say why is he so sad because he's average I'm sorry couldn't resist I couldn't resist okay so this Average Joe an average Joe stays broke because he thinks that the primary purpose of money like he thinks the way you get rich he thinks the way you get rich is cash accumulation and so because this is by the way this is what they taught us to do think about it when you first started learning about money what did they teach you to do with money come on talk to me somebody save it you save it so you save money and and and and by the way rich people know that saving money is not a good idea right you you don't saving money when you're saving money you're saving something that's becoming worth less over time if if if nothing hits it but inflation is becoming worth less over time right so so you think of it as the okay what I got I want to have this big pool of money that I can go back and keep looking at and as long as it's getting bigger I'm getting richer well I mean that's okay but it's better if you're not doing that okay so but what if instead of you viewing um money as a pool to be viewed pool instead of envisioning wealth as a big pool of money to be viewed what if you looked at it as a tool to be used so this is Cash accumulation right and that's what most people think is wealth but I submit to you I would rather I personally I would rather I'm sure y'all can guess what that is Lazy River you're funny Lazy River see there's one in every crowd and today Ry is both of them okay so this is this is cash flow cash flow is infinitely more important than cash accumulation I would rather have like massive cash flow and small cash accumulation or none than massive cash flow massive cash accumulation no cash flow or small cash flow I would rather have massive cash flow now if I could this is this is such a cool concept it's a cool concept because when you think about bodies of water right or when I think about bodies of water I think about a couple of different types of bodies of water so we went to Israel a couple of times I think we went in 2008 no 2019 we get went again in 2020 right so one of the coolest things is when you go when we went to Israel is like towards the end of our trip we went down to the Dead Sea and we stayed in we didn't stay in the David Hotel the first time we stayed in the David Hotel the I don't remember the hotel we stayed in but what's really cool is when you stay at the Dead Sea a lot of the hotels there they have water that they pipe in from the Dead Sea into their pool in their IND indoor pool and it's a flotation it's like a flotation a flotation tank right so you can get in the swimming pool and it's not a swimming pool you can get in this floating pool and you float you just and when you get out you just feel so invigorated from all the minerals okay but nothing can live in the Dead Sea hm why is it's interesting so the Dead Sea in Israel is at the South the sea at the north is the Sea of what the Sea of Galilee and there's a river that connects them what's the river the Jordan River okay stuff lives in the Sea of Galilee we know that because the apostles were fishing in the Sea of Galilee right stuff can live in the Jordan River but nothing can live in the Dead Sea isn't that fascinating or am I just easily fascinated okay probably a little bit of okay so why can't things live in the Dead Sea because the Dead Sea has inlets but no outlets and that's why it's the Dead Sea and I promise you if your money has inlets and no Outlets your money is going to turn into a dead sea of cash accumulation and I know a lot of people I know a lot of people who have big cash accumulation small cash flow and they struggle financially why because all of their money is tied up in a retirement account or all their money's tied up for future use where they might or might not live long enough to use it so cash flow is more valuable than cash accumulation and if you can get cash flow and cash accumulation that's better but how if I can figure out if I can figure out how to have my cash keep flowing long after I'm gone like I'm G eventually one of the things we all have in common is we're going to die either you're going to come to my funeral or I'm going to come to yours or you're going to find out about my funeral I'm going to find out about yours right that's how it works like you just live long enough everybody you know either you're going to their funeral or they're coming to yours right or but at least they're going to find out about okay well long after I'm gone my objective is to have cash perpetuation and my cash perpetuation is going to be determined by what I do with the cash flow and the cash accumulation while I'm still here because without going into great detail because I don't have time definitely don't have time without going into great detail Legacy wealth is not an amount of money we going to create generational wealth generational wealth is not an amount of money there have been plenty of families who've accumulated a bunch of money and in less than two generations it was all wiped out like Millions tens of millions hundreds of millions of dollars just gone in two generations why because generational wealth is not an amount generational wealth is a system of cash perpetuation where cash perpetuates and your cash flow perpetuates after you die and you can like all of us can set that up how well one by having assets that income can follow and the assets that income can follow while we're alive and asset that income can follow even after we're gone so I think about the fact that you know I've self-published these books when I'm gone my family still has access to these the funnel the books that cash flow keeps coming in why because it wasn't determined by something that I do every day it's something that I but my cash flow from those assets is determined by something I did one day not by something I do every day right and I say one day I mean a group of days right I've did it I've done it one time but also we can use life insurance for cash perpetuation so I learned this concept from a guy named Garrett Gunderson grick Gunderson wrote a book called what would billionaires do he wrote a bunch of book Killing sacred cows I don't know if any of you have ever read any of his books but and I I mean I didn't learn it from him because I I I learned about life insurance back in the 80s before probably before Garett Gunderson was born um but but this the concept that I'm talking about right now wealthy families that perpetuate wealth one of the things that they do is they use life insurance for wealth perpetuation for a couple of reasons one the death benefit of life insurance is not taxable right and so being like being insured making sure you have life insurance on yourself and hear me now everyone in your family did I say that too fast making sure you but but but I thought life insurance was income replacement insurance that's one of the things it does but you have to you don't have to but if you're serious and not just curious about creating wealth one of the things that you would desire to do if you knew to desire to do it is to have life insurance on everybody in your family because you already know everybody in your family is going to die that's not what we want to think about so we think if we don't buy any life insurance we don't think about it then maybe they won't die they're going to die anyway so think about it get life insurance on yourself get life insurance on your children get life insurance on your spouse and I mean significant life insurance it's worth it I I don't sell life insurance so no nobody can accuse me of trying to make a sale I don't sell life insurance but I bought tons why because my I want my wealth to perpetuate what people don't realize is how someone in your immediate family dying affects you they don't realize it until it happens they don't realize how surreal it is how energy draining it is how distracting it is how confusing it is how surreal it is and they feel like well if somebody dies I'll just go back to work and yeah that's what what you think you'll do because you haven't experienced it yet you don't you don't you cannot conceive the level of distraction and the level of Anguish that comes with that and so having life insurance gives you the ability to step back from a minute if you now maybe maybe going back to work is something that will be beneficial to you but depends on who you are maybe not but don't wouldn't you rather have the choice right and while your children don't provide income generally right they do provide a sense of significance and responsibility and purpose and if one of your children dies you're not profit like I don't want to profit off my family's death okay right I get that so but you don't want to necessarily have to go back to work when the your family needs you to be there with them to support them because your family member died their family member died also and if you're the strong one they need you youall picking up what I'm putting down yes sir like there are guys that have like like if you're married if you're a married man and you have a wife and children and you don't have life insurance shame on you you don't have like I I I shouldn't say shame on you but like do something about it like if you don't have life insurance because I don't want my wife to have all this money and then she goes married somebody [Music] my money okay right but you want her to have to go find somebody else because you didn't take care of her did I Come Out Swinging too hard right well my wife doesn't generate any money so I don't need life insurance on her right so you're going to leave your children at home and go back to work when their mom dies because you can't stay home with them and encourage them and strengthen them and and bless them with your presence in the hardest time in their life because you didn't have enough foresight to have life insurance all I'm saying is let's let's let's let's stop pretending that we're not going to die and let's act like the clock is ticking and we're all expiring and if you will set up your life where you prioritize this as step one this is step one this is step two and this is step three then you can create generational wealth This Is wealth building 101 let me say this though and I'll talk more about this in another video how much cash flow you create how much money you accumulate doesn't determine how wealthy you are like wealth is not money I I did a whole video on this already I forgot about that I did a whole video on this already called wealth is not money our money is not wealth money is not wealth what is wealth wealth is your ability whose ability everybody tap yourself on the CH say my ability wealth is your ability to create value for someone other than yourself that's wealth and when you can create value for someone other than yourself you're wealthy and when you can't create value for someone other than yourself you're not wealthy so this is my wealth building 101 video hopefully it'll help you in some way shape or form to make a decision to increase your cash flow and your cash per and prepare your cash perpetuation So eventually when you accumulate a bunch of cash it's not flush down by the way let me say this when I talk about cash perpetuation it's not enough just to have life insurance and just to have assets you have to raise up children who you teach to be financially illiterate who understand these principles so that when you die they don't decimate the wealth they perpetuate the wealth hope this video blesses you stay blessed by the best and we'll see you in the next video bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @FinancialLiteracy618 [1 likes]: Great video! I need to get more involved in my financial literacy!
  2. @BiancaBarajas [1 likes]: Play the long game 🤌🏾
  3. @BillBuildsWealth [1 likes]: A valuable lesson. ❤
  4. @BuildersAura [1 likes]: He did the money math in his mind before he did towards his pocket.❤ That mindset is 🔥🔥🔥
  5. @WealthGrowthHub-z4l: Truth is the foundation
  6. @stardommansion6773: Plant seeds for assets
  7. @stardommansion6773: Iba
  8. @PrettyInPeach: 77M
777M
7B
77B
777B
7T
77T
777T
  9. @KinantiSage: The most valuable thing about a genuine beginners guide to wealth is that it strips away all the noise and reminds you that the foundation is always the same — spend less than you earn, invest the difference consistently and give it time. Everything else is just details built on top of those three principles and yet most people never master the basics because they're always chasing something more sophisticated
  10. @DeveronFFN: When you first start investing in IPAs "it produces NOTHING.  This is why most people don't start."
And this is why you can't talk about it with most people, because they can't see the value; they cannot comprehend your actions.  That's why so many advise to disappear and get to work, because it's a waste of time to try and share that part of the journey with someone that can't value it.
  11. @toughshotsniper6225: Brother this video sucked so bad watch this x2 speed and see the bs and threw me off when you said Israel
  12. @toughshotsniper6225: All I heard was window, brother when you write HOW TO - tell us how not what waste of time
  13. @AssetCode01: Great to be here
  14. @THEWEALTHANDPOWERARCHIVES: money is a state of mind
  15. @WealthHabitsLab: I never thought about the difference between cash accumulation and cash flow this way. The Dead Sea analogy was spot on. We need outlets, not just inlets!
  16. @rockandrock.1: A valuable lesson sir 🔥💯
  17. @ShamalSutradhar-t2b: This made everything click instantly!
  18. @BeRichFormulas: Interesting
  19. @ChukwudiOnuigbo-f6z: This is pure brilliance in video form!
  20. @GrahaCb-s3c: will use

- The Secret Wealthy Family That Ruled America: The Guggenheims: Kind: captions Language: en If you've ever wondered about the surname attached to that iconic white spiral nestled along Central Park East, commanding Fifth Avenue's attention, you're witnessing just the cultural afterglow of what was once America's second richest family. You see, the Guggenheim name adorning museums across three continents represents the final transformation of industrial might into artistic prestige. The ultimate status upgrade engineered by a dynasty whose wealth once rivaled small nations. Their patriarch arrived in Philadelphia with empty pockets but boundless ambition, peddling embroidery doortodoor before reluctantly accepting two Colorado silver mines as payment for a debt. An accidental investment that launched America's most vertical rags to riches trajectory. Within a single generation, seven Guggenheim brothers controlled mining empires stretching from Alaska to Angola. Their combined fortune eclipsed only by Rockefeller himself. Their family meetings resembling miniature United Nations conferences focused on mineral domination. Their descendants proved equally ambitious, conquering Capitol Hill, securing aristocratic titles through strategic European marriages, and in one scandalous case, transforming into the original trust fund rebel who reportedly bedded a thousand lovers, rescued priceless art from Nazi clutches, and held court in a Venetian palazzo while floating down the Grand Canal in a private gondola. adorned with personal staff. In today's episode of Old Money Luxury, we reveal how the forgotten dynasty that once extracted wealth directly from the Earth's crust engineered perhaps history's most successful rebrand, trading mineral monopolies for cultural monuments that ensure their name will echo through museums long after their minds run dry. Forget your modern tech billionaires with their carbonneutral mansions and cultivated public personas. The Guggenheims played the wealth game at a level that would make today's Fortune 500 crowd look like amateurs holding a garage sale. By 1918, this extraordinary dynasty had amassed a fortune between $250 million and $300 million, securing their position as the second wealthiest family in America, according to Forbes. In today's currency, that's billions upon billions of dollars. The kind of wealth that turned their very surname into an international brand of cultural sophistication and architectural wonder. Their financial legacy continues to ripple through modern markets. with Guggenheim Partners managing over $300 billion in assets as of 2023. Another family vehicle, Guggenheim Investment Advisers, casually oversees approximately $50 billion in assets. While most families build wealth through generations of careful planning, the Guggenheims preferred the direct approach, controlling practically the entire global supply of precious metals. Their mining empire sprawled across continents like a metallic octopus. Tentacles reaching into gold mines in the Yukon, tin mines in Bolivia, diamonds in the Belgian Congo and Angola, and copper mines throughout Alaska, Utah, and Chile. The family's strategy involved absolute dominance. They gained control of American smelting and refining company after a bare knuckle struggle with Rockefellerbacked interests. By the end of the First World War, this mineral-hungry dynasty controlled more than 80% of the world's supply of silver, copper, and lead. A monopoly so complete it would make modern regulators reach for smelling salts and antitrust legislation. When swimming in industrial riches, one requires suitable accommodations. In the Guggenheim's case, four massive mansions on a single Long Island Gold Coast estate. Their property featured Hempstead House, a 50,000q ft tuda style monument stretching 225 ft long with 40 rooms and a 60-t tall entry foyer. The mansion existed as an architectural declaration of unlimited wealth. Inside this domestic cathedral sat a magnificent Witzer opus 445 theater organ with massive decorative pipes surrounded by authentic tuda and jackabian antiques imported from Europe. medieval tapestries, oriental carpets, and original masterpieces by Rembrandt, Van Djk, and Reuben's. Solomon Guggenheim established his own personal kingdom at Villaola, a magnificent residence with gardens so grand they rivaled European royal estates. The family's most lavish display of wealth, eventually morphed into cultural immortality. The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York City, established in 1937, houses his modern art collection in Frank Lidd Wright's iconic spiral building. A structure that resembles a pearlescent nautilus shell spiraling toward architectural heaven. Peggy Guggenheim meanwhile transformed her own Venetian palace, the 18th century Palazzo Vignet de Leone on the Grand Canal into an extraordinary museum showcasing her personal art collection, creating a cultural mecca where she lived surrounded by masterpieces. The titaniumclad Guggenheim Museum Bil Bao designed by Frank Gary turned an unremarkable Spanish industrial city into a global destination that architects and tourists alike speak of in reverent whispers. Beyond art, the Guggenheims fundamentally altered human potential through their foundations. The Daniel and Florence Guggenheim Foundation established in 1924 to advance the well-being of mankind throughout the world. supported Robert Godard's pioneering work on liquid propelled rockets. This crucial early funding literally launched humanity toward the stars, establishing numerous research centers focused on aerospace sciences and exploration. But to hind this metallic empire of silver and gold lurked a family saga that originated far from the drawing rooms of established wealth. The tale began with the desperate gamble of a Swiss immigrant who arrived in America armed only with raw ambition and a merchant's cunning. Qualities that would transform his seven sons into industrial warriors capable of bringing even the mighty Rockefellers to their knees. The name Guggenheim echoes through history with distinctly European resonance. a Jewish western Ashkanazic surname derived from place rather than profession. Linguists trace its origins to either Guggenheim in Alsace, France, or perhaps Jugenheim near Benzeheim in the German state of Hessa. Places whose final syllable Heim signifies homestead in old high German. Over generations, regional pronunciations transformed the name into various forms. Guggenheimimer, Guggenheim, and Guggenheim. Linguistic artifacts of a family's journey through time and space. Behind this name stood real people whose lives bore little resemblance to the opulence that would later define their American legacy. Maya Guggenheim entered the world on February 1st, 1828 in the small village of Langna Aralo, Switzerland. Born to Simon Ma Guggenheim and Chafelli Guggenheim. His childhood unfolded against a backdrop of profound poverty in a community where hunger stalked many households with Canton Argal authorities distributing soup several times weekly to prevent starvation. Tragedy struck Meer's life at age six when his mother died, an event that shattered the family's already precarious existence. Unable to care for his children alone, Simon watched as Meer and his five siblings were separated and placed with different foster families. A traumatic disbanding that left even Simon himself assigned a legal guardian. Despite these crushing circumstances, young Mia revealed the entrepreneurial instinct that would one day transform continents, selling various articles doortodoor throughout Langnau after school hours. The constraints that shaped Meer's world extended far beyond personal misfortune. From 1776 until 1866, Lang now and neighboring Endingan stood as the only places Jews were permitted to live in Switzerland, creating isolated enclaves where Jews comprised half of Endingan's population and one-third of Langna's. These restrictions manifested physically in Langna's architecture where many buildings featured two separate entrances, one for Jews, one for Christians, concrete symbols of societal division. Local authorities prohibited Jews from owning property and enforced strict segregation, ensuring Jews and Christians never lived under the same roof. The catalyst for the Guggenheim's American journey arrived unexpectedly through matters of the heart. Following his wife's death, Simon Guggenheim wished to marry Rachel While, a widow with five children from her previous marriage. Christian authorities swiftly forbade this union, claiming Simon was too poor to provide for such a large family. Though historian Roy Oppenheim suggests anti-Jewish sentiment likely motivated their decision. Faced with these insurmountable barriers, Simon, his fianceé Rachel, and 19-year-old Mia made the momentous decision to immigrate to America in 1847. Ironically, their journey toward unimaginable wealth began with the Swiss state itself funding their departure. As Swiss communities often supported the immigration of poor residents to reduce burdens on local resources, Maya Guggenheim stepped onto American soil, carrying nothing but ambition and the bitter lessons of European prejudice. The streets of the New World offered no immediate fortune for the immigrant family, merely the freedom to marry whom they chose and the right to fail or succeed on their own terms. Within these modest parameters of opportunity, Meer began building what would become a commercial empire. Yet the path from peddler to bureaucrat would demand a kind of ruthless commercial cunning that transformed not just a family's fortunes, but the very balance of global industrial might. The America that greeted Maya Guggenheim in 1847 offered no welcome mat for impoverished immigrants, merely the indifferent opportunity of open competition. The streets of Philadelphia provided no immediate relief from the poverty that had shadowed him across the Atlantic. During those early years, Mia traversed the rough coal towns of northeastern Pennsylvania as a peddler, carrying household goods from door to door, a familiar pattern to the boy who had once sold articles through the streets of Langno. Gradual success came through methodical expansion into manufacturing. First stove polish, then lie, then synthetic coffee, while simultaneously developing a wholesale business in household merchandise. Meer's commercial instincts proved remarkably adaptable, identifying opportunities invisible to others. His first significant breakthrough emerged through Swiss embroidery and lace, a venture leveraging his European connections. Recognizing America's appetite for these decorative luxuries, Maer dispatched two sons to Switzerland to establish factories, generating a modest fortune by importing and selling their craftsmanship throughout the United States. The strategy revealed Meer's fundamental business philosophy, identifying crossber opportunities and deploying family members as trusted left tenants. The transformation from merchant to industrial titan began almost accidentally in 1881 when Meer reluctantly accepted a halfinterest in two Colorado silver mines as payment for an outstanding debt. After investing an additional $20,000 to make the mines operational, money he initially considered wasted, they proved extraordinarily rich beyond anyone's expectations. This fortunate turn propelled Meer deeper into mining, but he quickly recognized the extraction business held a fatal flaw. Smelting companies controlled processing costs, eating into profit margins. Meer responded decisively, building his own smelter in Colorado in 1889, followed by another in Mexico in 1895 that strategically evaded tariff restrictions on Mexican ore. This vertical integration approach controlling both extraction and processing became the signature Guggenheim strategy across their rapidly expanding empire. By 1918, Forbes recognized the Guggenheims as America's second richest family. Their fortunes transformed within a single generation. Meer's crowning achievement arrived when the family's Guggenheim Exploration Company seized control of the American Smelting and Refining Company, a hundred million dollar corporation that consolidated much of the industry under their direction. Daniel Guggenheim, Meer's second son, born in 1856, emerged as the primary architect of the family's expanding influence. Sent to Switzerland at 17 after his father determined he would never succeed academically, Daniel spent 11 formative years in Europe before returning to America after the Colorado mines revealed their extraordinary potential. Under Daniel's leadership from 1890 to 1923, the family business expanded dramatically across continents. In 1888, the Guggenheims founded the Philadelphia Smelting and Refining Company, building their first plant in Pueblo, Colorado, an operation generating approximately $1 million annually in profit. The family relocated their headquarters to New York City, America's financial capital, in 1889. Daniel's crowning achievement arrived in 1901 with the merger creating the American smelting and refining company, consolidating unprecedented control over global metal production. In later years, Daniel transitioned toward philanthropy, establishing the Daniel and Florence Guggenheim Foundation in 1924. Between 1930 and 1941, the foundation notably financed Robert Godard's pioneering work on liquid fuel rockets, an investment in humanity's future that paralleled their exploitation of Earth's resources. The Guggenheims had scaled the heights of American capitalism with remarkable speed, transforming from street peddlers to industrial monarchs within decades. Yet, as the family's sons inherited their father's extraordinary wealth, they would each face a profound question unknown to Meer himself. What meaning could be found in fortune so vast that they could never be spent in a lifetime? And what purpose might justify the sacrifices made to extract such unprecedented riches from the unforgiving earth? The empire Daniel Guggenheim meticulously expanded faced its greatest challenges. not from external competition but through internal transformation as subsequent generations pursued divergent ambitions beyond mining and metallergy. Solomon Robert Guggenheim born February 2nd 1861 in Philadelphia initially adhered to established family patterns studying in Zurich partnering in the Swiss embroidery business and eventually establishing the Yukon Gold Company in Alaska. The Great War marked Solomon's personal watershed. In 1919, while still only 58, he retired entirely from business to pursue his naent interest in art collecting. A passion kindled by his wife Irene Rothschild that would ultimately redefine the family legacy. Solomon's artistic vision crystallized after meeting Baroness Hill vonbe in 1926, who steered his attention toward abstract or non-objective works that broke radically with traditional representation. A pivotal moment arrived in 1930 when Solomon and Rebe visited Wasili Kandinski's studio in Desau Germany. An encounter that launched Solomon's systematic acquisition of modernist masterpieces. His Plaza Hotel apartment in New York City became an impromptu gallery as his collection expanded to include works by Rudolph Bower, Mark Shagal, Fernan Leger, and Lasslo Maholinagi. In 1937, Solomon established the Solomon R. Guggenheim Foundation, followed two years later by the Museum of Non-objective Painting on East 54th Street, commissioning Franklidd Wright in 1943 to design a permanent museum. Solomon initiated architectural revolution alongside artistic patronage, though death claimed him in 1949 before witnessing Wright's completed spiral masterpiece. While Solomon redirected family capital toward cultural influence, his nephew Harry F. Guggenheim ventured into media, founding News Day on September 3rd, 1940. Initially dismissed as merely an occupation to keep his wife Alicia Patterson out of trouble, the newspaper flourished under her leadership as Long Island's population exploded after World War II. The paper's trajectory revealed inherent tensions between the conservative Guggenheim values and evolving American politics. After Patterson's death in 1963, Harry hired Bill Moyers as publisher, but their political differences proved insurmountable. Moyá's liberal leanings and opposition to the Vietnam War created unbridgegable divisions, eventually forcing his departure in 1970. Harry finally relinquished control, selling news day to the Times Mirror Company in 1971. John Simon Guggenheim, born December 30th, 1867, pursued yet another divergent path through electoral politics. After working as chief or buyer at MG Guggenheim's sons in Pueblo, Colorado, John launched a gubanatorial campaign in 1898 that ended dramatically when riots erupted at the Republican state convention, leaving one man dead and several injured. John's political ambitions ultimately found fulfillment in 1907 when Colorado elected him to the United States Senate where he served until 1913. During his congressional tenure, personal tragedy struck when his older brother Benjamin perished aboard the RMS Titanic in 1912, a public catastrophe that brought family grief into national headlines. After his Senate term, John returned to New York City, eventually becoming chairman of American Smelting and Refining Company and serving as its president from 1919 to 1941. The family later expanded into diplomatic circles when Msie Robert Guggenheim briefly served as ambassador to Portugal from 1953 to 1954. These divergent paths illustrated how the consolidated industrial authority Meer had established fractured across subsequent generations. While Solomon sought immortality through art, Harry through media, and Jon through politics, it would fall to an unexpected figure from the family's third generation to create the most enduring and controversial Guggenheim legacy of all through acts of both extraordinary courage and unapologetic rebellion against every convention her conservative relatives held dear. While the male heirs of the Guggenheim dynasty pursued divergent corporate, political, and cultural ambitions, their female counterparts often found themselves navigating the complex intersection of extraordinary wealth and societal expectations. Peggy Guggenheim emerged as perhaps the most consequential female figure in the family's history, rejecting conventional restraint for Bohemian liberation that scandalized her conservative relatives. Born Margarite Guggenheim in 1928 to Benjamin Guggenheim, who would later perish aboard the Titanic, she inherited both tremendous wealth and the burden of her family's industrial legacy without inheriting their commercial instincts. Known for wild parties in 1920s Paris, she developed a reputation as sexually liberated and artobsessed, often referred to as the female Kasanova, and rumored to have had a thousand lovers, including Samuel Beckett, with whom she reportedly experienced a memorable education about modern art during a prolonged day and night in bed. Unlike her uncle Solomon, who collected established artists, Peggy demonstrated remarkable precience in identifying emerging talent. She gave Lucian Freud his first London show and discovered Jackson Pollock when he worked merely as a carpenter at Solomon's Museum, providing him with a monthly $300 stipend and a loan to purchase a Long Island house away from New York City's Temptations. Her astonishing art collection eventually included masterpieces by Salvador Dali, Pablo Picasso, and Joan Mero. Works recognized today as cornerstones of 20th century artistic development. Where the Guggenheim patriarchs had built fortunes by extracting precious metals from the earth, Peggy mined the cultural landscape for treasures that would ultimately prove more enduring than silver or gold. Peggy's life featured periods of geographical and emotional transitions that shaped her collecting vision. Between 1934 and 1939, she resided in Sussex, England, in the village of South Harting, which she described as absolutely dead, like all such places in England, but it was in the midst of the most lovely country. Naturally, it had a fine pub. This brief sojourn in the English countryside reportedly ended her fantasy of Bohemian domesticity and inspired her transformation into the formidable art collector history now remembers. Her courage proved as remarkable as her artistic judgment. In 1940, as Nazi forces invaded Europe, Peggy remained in Paris, acquiring artworks despite her Jewish heritage, an extraordinarily dangerous position. Just before Hitler's soldiers marched into Paris, she had her collection smuggled to New York, hidden amongst bedclo dishes, works that would later form the core of her celebrated Venice collection. While her relatives had once battled Rockefeller interests for control of American smelting and refining company, Peggy fought an entirely different battle. Rescuing modernist masterpieces from the destructive path of fascism, preserving cultural treasures that might otherwise have been destroyed in Hitler's campaign against degenerate art. The personal costs of the Guggenheim legacy manifested tragically through Peagan Vale Guggenheim, Peggy's daughter, born August 18th, 1925. Despite developing her own artistic career combining surrealism and naive art, Peaggan struggled with depression throughout her life and died in Paris on March 1st, 1987 at age 41 after overdosing on medication, representing the darker psychological toll that sometimes accompanied the family's extraordinary wealth and artistic sensibilities. Elellanena May Guggenheim, Solomon's daughter, born in 1896, connected American industrial fortune to European aristocracy through her marriage to Arthur Stewart, 7th Earl Castle Stewart on December 16th, 1920. This union represented a common pattern. Wealthy American industrial families acquiring social prestige through European titles while providing financial support to maintain aristocratic estates and lifestyles. Tragedy shadowed Elellanena's life when her two eldest sons were killed in action during World War II, followed by her husband's suicide with a shotgun in his study at their estate on November 5th, 1961. Beyond individual lives, the family's most enduring scientific contribution came through the Daniel and Florence Guggenheim Foundation established in 1924. The foundation financed Robert H. Godard's pioneering work on liquid fuel rockets between 1930 and 1941. Research so significant that the United States government later settled a patent lawsuit for infringing on Goddard's designs. These investments in aerospace research paralleled the family's artistic patronage, demonstrating their wide-ranging influence across multiple fields of human endeavor. After 87 years advancing scientific knowledge, the foundation officially terminated on June 30th, 2011 with some functions transferred to a program on demography, technology, and criminal justice. The Guggenheim name today adorns museums across multiple continents, foundations supporting diverse causes, and buildings throughout major universities. Physical manifestations of wealth transformed into cultural capital. Standing inside the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum on Fifth Avenue, where Frank Lloyd Wright's spiral ramp elevates visitors toward the light-filled Oculus above, it becomes impossible to separate the artistic treasures within from the industrial fortunes that made them possible. The same family whose mining operations once employed children in dangerous conditions throughout Mexico and South America now funds educational programs teaching millions of children about art and creative expression each year. This profound transformation from extractors of the earth's riches to preservers of humanity's cultural treasures represents perhaps the most successful act of redemption in American industrial history, raising the question of whether great beauty can ultimately transcend the sometimes painful means of its creation. And now we'd love to see you in the comments. Were you familiar with the Guggenheim family's insane history before this video? Our channel thrives off of your stories, so tell us down below. With that said, thanks for joining us for another episode of Old Money Luxury. And cheers until the next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @oldmoneyluxury [28 likes]: COMMENT: Were you familiar with the Guggenheim family’s insane history before this video?
  2. @robertcelecia3689 [2 likes]: So really worthwhile a documentary on the history of the Guggenheim family
  3. @lilyg624 [1 likes]: hey that’s my family!🤗
  4. @DanielWang-n2c8v [1 likes]: one guggenheim ben guggenheim died on the titanic and said he would die like a gentleman
  5. @Davidwishnevsky [1 likes]: Another  antisemitic  story of   how  Jews   have taken  control of America!!!!!
  6. @eleazarlopez3292 [1 likes]: Met some of them more than 60 ormore years ago. Incredible history.
  7. @brianthorne4845 [1 likes]: The fantasy is relentless.
  8. @wendyannh: Yes, as a member of a completely different branch of the Guggenheim family, I knew much of this although not all. 

The 7 brothers discussed here were actually only one branch of a truly colossal family - which has been traced back to the year 640CE, amazingly enough. 

The reason for this extraordinary documentation is because they were originally a long and prominent rabbinic dynasty, so genealogical records were always kept. 

There are something like 8 or 9 other branches (I forget), not all of whom retained the exact same name. One of them was named in this video - the Guckenheims.  

Spelling of the name as Guggenheim, Gugenheim, Jugenheim, and Guggenheimer varied even within the same branches, because for most of history since Jews acquired surnames, spelling was fluid, unlike today. 

The name almost undoubtedly originated in Germany, as some of the oldest records show the family in Jugenheim, Germany, one of the two possibilities mentioned in the video. 

All of this and much more is extensively documented on geni.com, for anyone is interested.
  9. @leticialindo3658: Never heard of the Guggenheims until Frank Gehry builts their museums.
  10. @equinetherapywithact: With blessings comes envy and hate and jealousy and into antisemitism
  11. @equinetherapywithact: YAH'S blessings. As simple as that
  12. @JosephBagadonuts: Sad university couldn't fund Goddard itself😢
  13. @faustinae3927: Build a building and the slaves will come to give them m$$ people need to wake up or we will never progress
  14. @faustinae3927: The wealthy steal land for their minerals,while the people struggle to live.  This should not be allowed.  The build roads but for who ?
  15. @avriYah9527: ALL the wealth pillaged from Africa WILL be returned - including the people u ALL stole, enslaved & oppressed; those who are actually: "TRUE" Biblical Yisrael!! JUDGMENT is on Babylon - REPENT & TURN whilst u still can!!!
  16. @janetch7384: my oh my
  17. @maxmarx2: Jewish as usual
  18. @Splatdo: More of life's eternal victims with astonishing wealth. Funny that isn't it!!
  19. @zaharizahariev: Inbreeding on the cheap is never a good idea.
  20. @999NINE99: It is a real tell that the wealthy, with all the advantages, can't create their own art that is of any worth. They only buy what they can't innovate. Every "self made" man either sells out to the elites or was one of them to begin with. There are exceptions, but, I can't think of one, can you?

- Inside the 10 Richest Families in New York: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you there's a family so wealthy that they practically own New York City? Imagine looking up at the skyline and knowing that the buildings, the landmarks, even some of the most iconic spots are all controlled by just a few powerful names. From billiondoll empires and real estate to controlling the city's cultural landmarks, these families have shaped the city in ways you can't even imagine. Stay tuned as we uncover the untold story of the billionaires behind the empire that owns all of New York. The Aster family, $20 million, 1830s. Let's kick things off with a family whose wealth helped lay the foundation for New York City's real estate empire, the Aers. John Jacob Aster, a German immigrant, arrived in New York in the late 1700s with big dreams of success. Starting out in the fur trade, he quickly found a way to turn his fortune into something that would change New York forever. Real estate. Aster wasn't buying land randomly. He had a keen eye for spots that would one day become prime real estate. He invested in areas like Time Square and the Upper West Side, both of which would eventually become some of the most valuable neighborhoods in New York. His strategy was a visionary one, and it paid off handsomely. When Aster passed away in 1848, he was one of the wealthiest men in America, having amassed a fortune worth an estimated $20 million, an enormous sum in the 1800s. His real estate strategy was simple but brilliant. Buy land in areas that would rise in value as the city developed. And it worked. Aster's descendants, including his son, William Backhouse Aster, continued this legacy by expanding the family's property holdings and shaping neighborhoods throughout Manhattan. Even today, the Asterame remains anonymous with New York's elite real estate. Their early investments created a blueprint for future billionaires to follow. But let's not forget, while they built wealth, they also gave back to New York. John Jacob Aster 3, for example, donated funds to Metropolitan Museum of Art, ensuring that the city would benefit from his wealth for generations. The Aster family didn't just create real estate empires, they helped shape New York's cultural and architectural history. The Vanderbilt family, $15 million, 1800s. From the fur trade to railroads, the next family we're talking about took a different approach to building their empire. The Vanderbilts, led by Cornelius Vanderbilt, started with a small ferry business, but with ambition and hard work. Cornelius grew his wealth by investing in steamboats. His business grew rapidly, earning him the nickname Commodore. But it wasn't until the 1860s when Cornelius shifted his focus to railroads that his fortune began to grow. Cornelius invested heavily in railroads, buying up several lines and creating the New York Central Railroad. This move made him one of the wealthiest men in America and helped shape New York into a hub for business and transportation. With this massive wealth came a desire to invest in real estate, particularly in Manhattan. One of the family's most famous contributions was a construction of Grand Central Depot in 1871, which would eventually become the iconic Grand Central Terminal. The terminal became a symbol of New York's energy, ambition, and endless possibilities. Its design and central location helped solidify Manhattan's role as the busiest, most vibrant part of New York City. The Vanderbilt family's impact on New York wasn't limited to railroads and stations. They also made significant investments in luxury homes along Fifth Avenue, building grand mansions that became landmarks in their own right. The Vanderbilt mansion at 665. Fifth Avenue became an architectural marvel, setting a new standard for opulence in the city. These homes with their large rooms, intricate designs, and fancy details show the world what wealth and power truly looked like. Grand Central Terminal remains a heart of New York, a reminder the vision and ambition of the Vanderbilt family, the Rockefeller family. $400 billion 1900s. When you think of New York's iconic skyline, you can't miss the Rockefeller Center. But how did this enormous complex come to life? The answer lies with John D. Rockefeller and his family. Rockefeller made his fortune in oil, co-founding Standard Oil in 1870. As one of the wealthiest men in America, he turned his focus to New York City, building the now famous Rockefeller Center in the 1930s. Rockefeller Center covers 22 acres in Midtown Manhattan, and it's home to landmarks like Radio City Music Hall and the Ice Skating Rink. It also hosts the annual Christmas tree lighting, a tradition that brings thousands of visitors to New York every year. The Christmas tree, along with the ice rink, has become one of the most beloved symbols of New York spirit. Beyond that, the center itself became a catalyst of the city's growth, attracting tourists, businesses, and culture from all around the world. But the Rockefellers didn't just build buildings, they built culture. They were major supporters of the arts, helping to establish a museum of modern art, MoMA, and funding the Closters, a branch to the Metropolitan Museum of Art that focuses on medieval art. The family's contributions to the arts helped make New York a cultural capital, a place where the world's best art could be seen and experienced. Thanks to their investments in places like Rockefeller Center and their support for museums, the Rockefellers shaped New York into a worldclass city of culture and commerce. The Lauder family, $4.5 billion, 1940s. Now, let's talk about a family that built their empire in a completely different industry. Beauty. Estee Lauder, born Josephine Esther Menor, started out with a simple dream, creating skincare products. Her family's humble beginnings didn't stop her from making it big. In 1946, she and her husband, Joseph Lauder, founded Estee Lauder Cosmetics, which grew into a global beauty brand. Estee's marketing genius helped the company soar. By 1948, she secured her first apartment store account with Saks Fth Avenue in New York. As the company expanded, so did their presence in the city's real estate market. Leonard Lauder Estay's son continued the family legacy and his influence helped transform New York's real estate scene. He along with his mother invested in properties that reflected the luxury and elegance the family was known for. Leonard's leadership further cemented the family's place in New York's elite circles. Today, the Lauder family is deeply involved in real estate and luxury living. They're known for their connection to 740 Park Avenue, one of New York's most prestigious addresses. Living in this building is not just about the address. It's about being part of a community where luxury and tradition meet. Leonard's impact isn't just seen in the family business. He's also a major supporter of New York's art scene. In 2013, he donated a collection of Cubis artworks valued at over $1 billion to the Metropolitan Museum of Art. This gift cemented his place as one of the city's most influential philanthropists. The Goldman family, $400 million 1960s. Another family that has left an undeniable mark on New York's real estate scene, is a Goldman family. Saul Goldman, born in Brooklyn in 1917, started with humble beginnings. His family was made up of Jewish immigrants from Poland. And Saul's early life wasn't easy. However, he saw an opportunity in the real estate market during the Great Depression. He started buying up foreclosed properties and raised funds from local shopkeepers. By the 1950s, Saul partnered with Alex Delorenzo Jr., and together they began acquiring some of New York's most sought-after properties, including the Chrysler building in 1960. Their strategy was simple. Buy undervalued properties and hold them for long-term appreciation. Saul's approach paid off and the Goldman family became one of the most prominent real estate investors in New York City. Their family company, Solo Management, currently manages over 400 properties, many in prime Manhattan locations. Today, Saul's legacy lives on through Solo Management, which continues to thrive in New York's competitive real estate market. Led by Saul's daughter, Jane Goldman, the family remains a powerful force in real estate. Jane along with her siblings plays an active role in managing the company and ensuring that their properties remain top tier in the city's competitive landscape. Jane's careful approach to business and real estate ensures that the Goldman family's legacy continues to shape New York's future. From fur trading to oil, beauty to real estate, these families have played an integral role in shaping New York City. They didn't just build wealth, they transformed the city into a global powerhouse. Whether through massive real estate holdings, iconic landmarks, or cultural contributions, the influence of these billionaire families continues to be felt today. As you look around New York, you're seeing the lasting legacy of these dynasties. If you enjoyed learning about these incredible families, be sure to like, share, and subscribe for more amazing stories about the wealthiest families in the world and their influence on our cities.

- How Your FAMILY TREAT You at Every Level of WEALTH — From $0 to $50 MILLION: Kind: captions Language: en Money does not change your family. It changes what your family was always doing, but now with the lights on. Not because they were hiding anything deliberately, >> [music] >> because money removes the buffer. The buffer that existed when everyone was in roughly the same situation. >> When the buffer is gone, you see what was always operating underneath it. You cannot unsee what the light shows you. Level one, zero. [music] You are the problem they are trying to solve. You are at dinner. Everyone is happy to see you. Your mother made the dish you like. Your uncle asks about the job. Your grandmother slips you $40 when no one is looking and says, [music] "Don't tell your parents." You are 23 and broke, and you are loved. You are also, underneath the love, a source of worry. At this level, your family has two modes when it comes to you. Proud of who you are, and quietly anxious about how you're going to be okay. These two modes coexist at every dinner [music] table, every holiday, every phone call that starts with, "How are you doing?" and means, "Are you managing?" The love is real. The worry is also real. You receive both, even when only the love is spoken out loud. Your cousin got a job at a bank last year. Your aunt mentions it roughly once per family gathering, not to make you feel bad, she would say, just because she is proud. You understand that the subtext is different. The subtext is, "Here is a template. Here is evidence that it can be done." Here is a gentle, loving suggestion about the direction of your [music] life. Your family is doing what families do when they love someone who has not yet found solid ground. >> They are trying to help. They are also, underneath the helping, doing something more specific. They are managing their own anxiety about your future by offering suggestions, templates, [music] and the examples of people who figured it out. Your cousin at the bank is not an attack. He is an offering. A map your aunt is handing you because she is scared, and love sometimes looks like fear in a different coat. At 23, [music] sitting at the table with the $40 in your pocket, you understand it as pressure. Both interpretations are correct. At zero, [music] you are not a burden, but you are not not a burden. The difference between those two things is something everyone feels and no one says. Level two, 100,000. You are the success story. Something shifts, not immediately. Gradually, [music] in the space of two or three family gatherings, you notice that the energy in the room when your name comes up has changed. You used to be the person they were hoping would figure it out. Now you are the person who figured it out. You are introduced differently at parties. Your mother says your job title with a specific quality in her voice. Pride that is also relief. You are still figuring your life out. They think you already have. That gap between where you actually are and where they have decided you are will quietly run underneath every family conversation for years. The calls from your parents are different now. Less, "How are you doing?" and more telling you things, updates, news, things they are saving to share with you specifically, because you are the one who will understand the significance. You have become someone whose opinion matters, and then, quietly, the asks [music] begin. Not dramatic asks, small asks. A cousin needs a reference. An aunt wonders if you know anyone who could help with a situation. Your younger sibling wants advice on a decision. You are now the person in the family who is assumed to know things about money, about careers, about how the world works. You did not apply for this role. It settled on you the way roles settle in families. Without announcement, without negotiation, and with the specific weight of everyone's expectations already attached. You didn't just succeed, >> you became useful. Those are different things. Your family responded to the second one. Level three, 500,000. You are the one they call. Your phone rings on a Wednesday afternoon. It is your sister. She is crying before she finishes the first sentence. There is a situation. Financial, urgent, the kind of thing that happens when the gap between income and expenses has been managed by pretending it does not exist, and then one month the pretending stops working. She needs $8,000. She has never asked you for money before. You say yes before you have finished processing whether yes is the right answer. This is the level where you become the person the family calls when things go wrong. Families move toward available resources the way water moves toward the lowest point. You are the lowest point now. It doesn't feel like being used. It feels like being needed. The first time you give money, it feels like love. The third time, it feels expected. By the fifth time, saying no feels like betrayal. You have not said no yet. You help your sister. >> You tell yourself it is a loan. There is no paperwork. There is warmth and gratitude, and a month later the warmth has settled back into the ordinary texture of your relationship, and the $8,000 is not mentioned again. You do not bring it up. You notice that you do not bring it up. You notice that you are keeping a number in your head that no one else is keeping. This is the beginning of the accounting that nobody teaches you, the running total of what has moved in which direction, and whether the word loan was used correctly or as a courtesy, and whether the warmth you receive is connected to the resources you represent. >> You do not want to be keeping this accounting. You are keeping it anyway. The accounting is not resentment. It is the specific vigilance of someone who has learned that financial relationships in families are real relationships with real stakes and real costs and real feelings attached, even when everyone agrees not to discuss any of those things directly. [music] You are not an ATM, but you are the closest thing to one that your family has. >> The difference between those two things is something you will have to decide for yourself. >> Level four, 1 million. You are a resource. The holiday dinner feels the same as it always has. Same house, same table, [music] same smell, same arguments about the same things that have been argued for 20 years. You sit in the same seat you have always sat in. But the room has reorganized itself around you in ways that are not visible and are completely visible. Your father defers to your opinion in a way he never did before. Your older relatives ask what you think about things, [music] the news, the economy, decisions they are making, with the specific quality of attention that people give to people they have decided know more than them. Your younger cousins watch you across the table. [music] You did not change. The number changed. The room responded to the number. After dinner, your uncle finds you in the kitchen. He has been waiting for this moment. You can tell by the way he moves, the way he lowers his voice, [music] the way he checks that no one else is nearby. He has a situation. >> An opportunity, he calls it. He needs to talk to you about it when you have a moment. They don't ask directly. They circle the question. They warm the room first. Compliment, update, show genuine interest in your life, and then, when the temperature is right, the real sentence arrives. You have become fluent in the circling. >> You recognize it before the third sentence now. You've heard this kind of ask before in different forms, from different people, at different points in the last few years. The form changes. The structure is the same. Warm preamble, then the question, then the specific weight of a family relationship being used as collateral. You love your uncle. You also love him enough to know that this conversation is going to cost one of you something. If you say yes, [music] it costs you money and potentially the ability to say no next time. If you say no, [music] it costs the specific warmth between you that has existed for 30 years and is now, quietly, on the table alongside the dessert. You find a middle answer. Not yes, not no. You tell him you will think about it. He understands that this means no. >> You both pretend it means you will think about it. The dinner continues. Nobody says anything that was actually true about what just happened. At 1 million, you are not just a person at the table anymore. You are also what the table represents, a resource, [music] a contact, a solution. Your family did not decide to treat you this way. It happened the way most family dynamics happen, gradually and then all at once. >> Level five, 3 million. The dynamic that nobody names. You pay for your parents' anniversary trip. >> You do it because you want to. You do it because you can. You do it because watching them not be able to afford the thing they wanted for 40 years of being together is not something you are willing to watch when you have the ability to change [music] it. Your father says thank you in a way that is grateful and also something else. You recognize the something [music] else. It is the same feeling you had at 23 when your grandmother slipped you $40 at dinner. The power dynamic between parents and children is one of the most stable structures in human [music] relationships. It takes decades to establish and is generally maintained by the child's continued dependence, financial, emotional, practical, on the parent. Money breaks this, not with drama, not with a conversation, with the slow, quiet shift of who needs what from whom, repeated across dozens of interactions, until one day you are both standing in a new arrangement that neither of you chose and neither of you has language for. Your mother calls you before making [music] a decision about the house. Not for permission. She would never frame it as permission. >> For input. For your read on the situation. For what you think. You give her your honest read. She follows it. Afterward, you sit with how that felt. >> The specific discomfort of a role reversal that is loving and necessary and not what either of you imagined when you were the kid at the table hoping no one noticed the shoes were too small. You didn't plan to replace your parents. It happened anyway. [music] You are still their child. You are also the person they depend on now. Both of those things are true at the same time. Neither of those things >> cancels the other. Holding both of them simultaneously at every family dinner >> is a specific kind of work that nobody names and everybody does. >> Level six, 10 million. The room full of people you cannot reach Thanksgiving. 31 people, three generations. The house you grew up in plus the extension your parents added after you helped with the renovation. Noise, food, kids running, the specific warmth of a family that is intact and together and present. You are sitting at the table and you are somewhere else. Not physically, mentally. You are in a different country now and you have [music] been for a while and the customs do not export. The things that absorb your attention, fund structure, regulatory positioning, the acquisition you are deciding about, the conversation you need to have with your estate attorney about the trust documents. These simply do not live in the same language as what is being discussed at the table. [music] Someone asks about your work. You give the version that fits in the room. You say, "It's going well. Busy." >> They nod. Both of you know that is not an answer. Both of you know that the real answer would require a 40-minute explanation of context that would not land correctly [music] and would make the asker feel bad for asking and would shift the energy of the room in a direction that helps no one. So, you say, "It's going well. Busy." [music] And you mean it kindly. Your nephew is eight. He sits next to you and tells you about a video game for 20 minutes [music] and you listen with your full attention and it is the most present you have felt all day. He does not know what you do. He does not know what any of the numbers mean. He just knows you are his uncle and you listen when he talks. You think, "This is the thing money cannot buy and cannot take away." You also think, "This is the thing I am here for and I am not here enough." You can explain your life. They just cannot live inside it with you. You are not isolated. You are in a room with 31 people who love you. You are also in a context that none of them share. That specific combination is the loneliness that nobody makes a video about. The higher you go, >> the less your family understands your life and the more they depend on it. Level [music] seven, 50 million. You are no longer a person at the table. Your cousin is getting married. You are invited. Of course, you are invited. But there is a conversation that happens before you are invited. Not with you, between other people. About what your presence means for the logistics, the venue, the security, the dynamics of who else will be there and how they will feel about who you have become. You find out about this conversation secondhand. [music] You don't just enter rooms anymore. The room adjusts before you arrive. Conversations shift. >> Energy reorganizes. People become slightly more careful about what they say and how they say it and whether what they are about to say might land wrong given everything. You sit with it. At this level, [music] you have stopped being a family member who happens to have money. You have become something that requires management by your family, by people who work for you, >> by anyone who has to make decisions that intersect with your presence or your resources. This is not malicious. It is the natural result of a name becoming attached to a number large enough that other people's decisions are affected by it. Conversations pause when you get too specific. [music] Not because people don't care, because they don't have the reference points anymore. You stopped being relatable without trying to. You used to be able to call someone at 10:00 on a Tuesday night and talk about nothing. You cannot do that Not because people don't want to talk to you, >> because the call carries weight now. Every conversation has stakes. Spontaneity left quietly and you didn't notice until it was gone. The family gatherings still happen. They are organized differently now. >> Someone makes sure you have a way to leave if you need to. Someone manages who gets access to you and for how long. Someone [music] thinks about the security implications of the guest list. You did not ask for any of [music] this. There is a dinner, smaller, just the immediate family. Your parents, your siblings, their children. The people who knew you before the number was what it is. At this dinner for two hours, you are just someone's child and someone's sibling. The number does not fit in the room. The room is [music] better for it. You stay longer than you planned. Money did not change your family. It changed what your family has to navigate [music] to be with you. That is a different kind of cost. Nobody charges it. Everyone pays it. Here is what money actually does to family. >> It does not create love. It does not destroy love. It changes the conditions under which love operates. The uncle who calls when you have a million dollars would have called for other reasons if you had 10,000. The dynamic was always there. The money made it legible. The parent who defers to you at 50 million dollars would have deferred for different reasons at other points in your life. Power moves in families. The money changed the direction. The nephew who talked to you about the video game for 20 minutes, that is the relationship money cannot reach in either direction. The higher you go, the less your family understands [music] your life and the more they depend on it. That sentence is the whole thing. That combination, dependence without understanding, is where most family relationships quietly break. Not loudly, not in a single argument, >> in the accumulation of safe answers and unasked questions and conversations that stopped before they started. The families that survive money intact are not the ones where no one asks for anything. Asking happens in every [music] family. Money is asked about, borrowed, given, withheld, discussed, [music] and not discussed at every income level. The difference is not whether the asking happens. The difference is whether the people involved can see the dynamic clearly enough to name it [music] and whether the relationship is strong enough to survive the naming. They are the ones where everyone [music] can see the dynamics clearly enough to have honest conversations about them. Clarity is not easy. It is better than the alternative. The alternative is everyone performing a version of the relationship while the real version operates underneath, unspoken, year after year, until someone says something at a holiday dinner that was really about something that happened eight years ago and nobody knew how to name. You have probably already been in that You may be in one soon. Now you know what it is actually about. Knowing does not make it easier. It makes it navigable, which is the [music] most honest thing that can be said about money and family at any level of wealth, from zero to 100 million and every number in between.

  Top Comments:
  1. @mathstravails [18 likes]: Why is this so sad bro?
  2. @FinanceExpl [9 likes]: Money didn’t change them. It just showed you who they already were.

What changed the most for you? 👇
  3. @samimOfficial-j1b [5 likes]: The hardest part is realizing money doesn’t always break family… it just reveals the parts nobody had to talk about before.
  4. @StevensonWilliams-u7y [3 likes]: Teach them and if they don't want to discipline themselves, and earn it slowly and grow it that's on them
  5. @subham.biswas [2 likes]: Thats why never reveal your net worth to anyone.
  6. @akinadownhillace [2 likes]: With the exception of my half sister, this is my reality with the rest of my family. Only when I'm available as a resource do they show up. I stopped advertising my success.
  7. @mrEtanMW [2 likes]: I mean that’s kind of assuming that your family background is middle to lower middle class. Many people whose net worths are over 5 million usually have families who make good money as well
  8. @Trex7124 [2 likes]: That sounds like a HEALTHY family.. Try making a video like this with a narc family cult...
  9. @RJKJ2026 [1 likes]: Why is the sister bald?
  10. @tapiwamahwire5912 [1 likes]: I hve no parents so l think lm   safe but my brothers tho
  11. @tapiwamahwire5912 [1 likes]: I wont show anyone how well lm doinh
  12. @TDon4eva [1 likes]: God Bless you for this insight. Keep up the good work. 🎉
  13. @JskDk-o8l [1 likes]: Can you do please one day living as Elon Musk, really in detail, please. Keep it up♥♥♥♥
  14. @KamoheloLebona [1 likes]: From 0 to 100k??
  15. @JshshDJnthn [1 likes]: And create this same video but change the dynamic to abusive parents with narcissistic, hypocritical, DELUSIONAL and inferiority complex
  16. @JshshDJnthn [1 likes]: What people fail to realize is that it's not that money changed them or they were like that it's actually the reflection of how they were treated/respected before they had money and it still makes me WTF and wow that's interesting at the same time lol
  17. @TheAwakenPsychologist [1 likes]: I needed to hear this
  18. @xyz.0001-y5h [1 likes]: Tipical chatgpt script atleast put some efforts 🙂
  19. @Jachthebear: Man this is depressing on so many levels
  20. @kamoinmatrix5998: Needed this info twin glooks

- 'Succession’ Characters’ Finances, Analyzed by a Money Expert | WSJ As Spent on TV: Kind: captions Language: en - Money wins. - You're corrupt and so is the world. - You were only with me to get to power. - Ah, their whole relationship's just such a disaster. My name is Douglas Boneparth. I'm a certified financial planner. Today I'm gonna break down the finances of the characters in the show "Succession." - I was just talking to my mom. - It's a great scene. - And she said, apparently, he'll leave me $5 million anyway so I'm golden baby. - It's actually a very bad financial planning concept to think that there's going to be a windfall in the future when you really don't have an idea as to when, how much, or having any control over that whatsoever. - You can't do anything with five, Greg. Five's a nightmare. - This is the best part. - Is it? - Oh yeah, can't retire. Not worth it to work. - Now, let's say Greg inherits $5 million today. Generally speaking, inheritance from family members or anyone from that matter is received tax free. Well, how much can Greg live on without running out of money? The 3% rule is a convenient rule of thumb because it demonstrates what we could at least get out of a sum of money by investing it prudently. So 3% of 5 million would give Greg about $150,000 a year. Now, that's a pretty good living by anyone's standard but he's sitting in his great uncle's $63 million penthouse on Fifth Avenue, and he appears to be drinking a bottle of Blanton's Single Barrel. If this is the lifestyle that Greg has become accustomed to, $5 million isn't going to cut it. - Greg, do you think we could figure this out? You wanna transfer now? It's 40 K. - Here's the thing, if that's a stainless steel Submariner, nowhere near $40,000. But what about watches being a good investment? Yes, there are some watches out there that do appreciate in value over time. Will Greg make out well with his $40,000 investment in this watch? Time will tell, but you'll probably do better investing in the US stock market. - If I try to say the truth. - My favorite interaction between the two of them, I think period. So I love this one - All my life, I've been thinking a little bit about money. - In the scene where Tom tells Shiv that he often thinks about money, he's really laying out his financial background. We know his mother is. - A highly respected attorney in the Twin Cities. - And a job like that probably earns anywhere from 180,000 to $250,000 a year. Far cry from billionaire status. (crowd chatting indistinctly) - Well, this is delicious. Yeah, wow. - I'm very glad you like it. - Because it cost a pretty penny. - This whole scene is a great way of showing the disparity between the backgrounds that both Shiv and Tom come from. If you're wondering what the venue costs where Tom and Shiv are getting married, well, we looked it up. It's about $19,000 for two days. - It's massive. - Logan owns this castle and therefore, has to not only maintain it, but upkeep it. We see a scene in a room, we got priceless pieces of art. We can only begin to imagine how much this castle actually costs. - Come on, there's nothing wrong with his body, it's just suits. - Is he wearing a suit in that scene? - [Speaker] You look like a divorce attorney from the Twin Cities. - I don't put it past Tom to spend some money on a suit. He says he really likes his suit. Maybe spends $600 to $1,000, had it tailored. Looks good. For most people, that's an expensive suit. We see Tom upgrade his career into becoming the head of ATN where he should have no issues affording any type of suit that he wants, custom, off the rack, designer, whatever it may be. - It's a really, really nice place. - Thank you. - Thanks. - Who'll get to keep it in the divorce? (both chuckling) - So in season four, we learn that Tom and Shiv may get divorced. It brings up a great question, how are the assets going to be divided? So when we think about the assets in most people's lives, that could get split up during divorce, it comes down to things like their retirement accounts, checking accounts and the family home. We have a feeling that they live in lower Manhattan in an apartment that costs at least $5.8 million. If Tom and Shiv do get divorced, a prenup, which we know Tom likely has signed, comes into play and that will spell out exactly what he does or does not get. - She says that the prenup is a little unconscionable. - Oh, hold it. That means it has to be so bad and so not in Tom's favor for a lawyer to use that term. - But she did notice that re infidelities, there's no clause. - Yeah, we don't need to do that. - It is common to see infidelity clauses in prenups, but whether two people should enter into a prenup, that's really about what's right for them. You want to have a sense of how they value money. What possessions or assets that they have are truly theirs. - All the top attorneys are conflicted out. - Conflicted out means that there's a conflict of interest with that attorney representing her. Spending a lot of money on an attorney doesn't always guarantee good results. But look, you usually get what you pay for here. I can't help but to have this feeling that Shiv will be okay and it's really Tom that's going to be, you know, working hard to figure out what he's entitled to, if anything at all. - I'm one of the executors of your dad's affairs. - In season four., Logan's death is the main event that ultimately sets off the name of the show, "Succession." - And it appears, at a certain point, undated. It was suggested that it was your dad's wish that. - Okay - Kendall take over as CEO. - Okay, so classic. There's a codicil here. That's an amendment to a will or a legal document. This is actually pretty common. - He underlined, recently. - Underlined or crossed out? - This only emphasizes the need to have clear communication with those you're putting in charge of handling your estate. To ensure that this doesn't happen to you, it's probably good form to make sure that all estate planning documents are in one place and if you are working on any changes, to communicate what those potential changes might be so you don't catch anyone off guard, like Logan here clearly is. - [Lawyer] What else is in the? Can you? I don't wanna... - Music, burial in the city, Catholic. - We're not just talking about assets, the things that you own. We're also talking about children. And for more advanced estate planning cases, you have trusts or trusts being born out of the will. - He's got like a ton of investment impressionisms, right? Like he's got three Gauguins no one's seen for tax reasons. - And then you hear about three Gauguin paintings and those paintings can fetch more than $100 million. So what's the tax planning around this? Likely so that those assets are excluded from the estate, that there would not need to be estate tax paid on that. Generally speaking, it's never a bad idea to have your basic estate planning documents in place. This is your last will and testament, powers of attorney, healthcare proxy and a living will. (tranquil music) Here in the show, we really do get our first glimpse at what Kendall might actually be worth. Most of these shares probably have a very low basis, meaning they were gifted a long time ago, which means a significant portion of that sale is going to be capital gains. You might as well take about 1/3 of that gain off the table for the taxman. So in this scene, we have Kendall going to an investor meeting and unboxing a pair of sneakers from Lanvin, and he wants to show off that he's got great style walking into a meeting. Now, I'm under the impression that Kendall is spending his own money to look the part. Some could argue is he taking a deduction to wear these clothes because it has something to do with work. Now, typically, that's reserved for uniforms. I wouldn't go quite calling a pair of Lanvin sneakers a uniform. However, computers, transportation, meals and expenses, wages, these are all very, very typical things that get written off as part of deductions. (lively music) In this scene, you get a really good look at how the Roy family, in this case Kendall, likes to travel. This helicopter company can take you from Manhattan to the Hamptons for about $4,000 plus taxes, which if you are asking the question, is that deductible? Probably. So when it comes to deducting expenses for business purposes, there's usually not a limit on the quality of things but there are certain thresholds, percentage of income or revenue that would create what's called an audit risk. And while Roman might not be visibly as fancy as his brother Kendall, he clearly too likes to travel in style and comfort on his private jet costing about $16,000 an hour to charter. And we see Roman pull up in two Chevy Suburbans, which would run about $800 a day to rent in Manhattan. Logan created this empire and he clearly was set out to leave this to his children but his children are so affected that he might not actually get to see his own wishes for them be carried out. And this is all very typical in situations where we're talking about business enterprises being passed down through family members. (pensive music)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hank_S000 [2 likes]: Let’s keep it real. This is Tom. His mommy said “it’s bad, but it’s *not unconscionable.”
Tom heard that and said to Shiv, “well, she said it was ‘unconscionable’.” Tom101 😂😂
  2. @dondraper3871 [1 likes]: 4:27 Here in France, the infidelity clause is actually mandatory — one affair a year minimum, otherwise the marriage is declared “creatively stagnant” and void.🥸
  3. @Hank_S000 [1 likes]: I love how professionals/attorneys look at the tax code and to the question “is this tax deductible ?” They always reply, “probably.” Do you get that? It’s not ethics; it’s not what’s right… it’s who can afford attorneys (+lobbyists) to lobby for them to change the tax code. That’s it. If you’re rich enough to afford an attorney you’re rich enough to not pay taxes. Boom. America101 😊
  4. @duncanbrady3237: is anyone else triggered by this man saying secession like the Roys are trying to secede form the union
  5. @kaarthuisplus: It's a rolex blnr on jubilee.
  6. @AtomicAdams: Such a huge fan of the show that he repeatedly calls it “Secession”.
  7. @UnclePhillyMyA: greg is very lucky that uncle logan liked him
  8. @nateproulx8933: thats a bad haircut douglas.
  9. @christianquintili: you are the culture behind the world we have today. nice job 😢
  10. @Noisewaterr: Good attorneys make way more that 200k
  11. @Noisewaterr: Rolex has outperformed the stock market
  12. @mellangatang: This guy gives off strong Cousin Greg vides.
  13. @Zitttire: Can you bring in a vocal expert to teach this guy how to say succession?
  14. @chaseschwartz: It makes me sick knowing almost everything is a tax write off. Meanwhile, my student loans, which is the reason why I made money, is not a business expense.
  15. @ishmael802: This show was amazing. Im sad I finished it
  16. @transcendcapitalism: 7:38 "wages" get written off as part of deductions?
  17. @transcendcapitalism: 7:00 i thought long term capital gains meant a 15% tax rate, not "1/3"
  18. @transcendcapitalism: his eye line is so weird.  why didn't the producer tell him where to look
  19. @karmagirl314: Blanton's Single Barrel is closer to $80 than $150, not including tax.
  20. @christopherwilsher1494: A well-respected attorney in a big city doesn't make $180-250,000; she makes about triple that.

- The Wealthy Families Who Ruled The Gilded Age (Documentary): Kind: captions Language: en of all the so-called golden eras in the history of the United States the Gilded Age emerges as an Epoch of unequaled opulence and Grandeur a time when a few formidable families not only amassed extraordinary wealth but also stitched their names into the very fabric of the rags to riches American ethos this was an ERA where industrial Titans and financial Barons reigned Supreme fueled by a burgeoning economy the absence of an income tax and the robust engines of the Industrial Revolution today we journey back to this dazzling period uncovering the breathtaking sagas of America's wealthiest Gilded Age dynasties from the asers and Vanderbilts to the Rockefellers and carnegies each family wo its own Narrative of ambition influence and in some cases self-inflicted decline their stories are more than mere Chronicles of wealth accumulation they are emblems of the transformative power of American Enterprise and entrepreneurial vision with that said let us begin with America's very first multi-millionaires a family whose surname is still subtly stamped all across the land of the free and the home of the brave however the truth of how they went from new money to old money has never been fully revealed until now the year 1848 the local New York City humming with life yet the aster Mansion stood in a cold contrast its Aura of regality offering a muted hush John Jacob Aster his legendary family's first magnate lay on his bed life flickering like a dying candle the bed resplendant in silk and Rich mahogany was an ironic setting for a man who began his journey in the ruggedness of Waldorf Germany and the son of a simple butcher his Saga powered by a Monumental Spirit led him across the Atlantic driven by dreams too large for his small German Hamlet from fixing musical instrumentals to pedling fur from dabbling in fledgling real estate to master ing Finance he embroidered his success into the fabric of a new world weaving a legacy in Golden Threads now his son William stood Sentinel at his bedside eyes hard matching his father's steel an understanding passed between them as silent as the room and as profound as the coming inheritance make it grow William the old Aster rasped a lifetime of Victories and struggles faintly echoing in his voice yet little did he know that his Earthly departure would not Mark the end of an era but the beginning it would be not only an immense Fortune he passed on to his son William but the seeds of a transatlantic Empire in today's video at Old Money luxury we shall recount the incredible true life story of the aster America's first old money family from the dusty roads of rural Germany to the hallowed Halls of Westminster to the affluent Avenues of the city that never sleeps so settle in and join us as we describe how the asaam family went from new money to old money in the rural Enclave of Waldorf nestled near the Regal City of heidleberg now part of contemporary B verberg Germany a son was welcomed into the world in 1763 the newborn christened John Jacob Aster was the youngest s of Johan Jacob Aster a humble Butcher and Maria Magdalena Vonberg at the tender age of 16 John Jacob departed his home for the bustling city of London where he fell under the tutelage of his uncle in the art of crafting musical instruments our lovely English Capital in its Grandeur not only provided Aster with Proficiency in English but also a robust apprenticeship in the realm of Commerce the year 1784 marked Aster's embarcation to the United States his pockets filled with little more than hopes and a collection of several fluts for sale he chose New York City as his new home where he opened a small but ambitious shop Trading in Furs the 1794 J treaty which allowed Americans to trade in Canada served as a catalyst from which to build the Empire that would come to create America's first old money Family by the turn of the century Jacob had accumulated a Fortune of $6 million an eye-watering amount of wealth for an era where America was less than 20 years old and reigned as the luminary of the fur trade he then Diversified his portfolio trading Furs for Chinese tea and inves ing in Manhattan's burgeoning real estate market becoming a notable figure in fur transactions in China additionally John Jacob's brother Henry an Enthusiast of eoin racing and a German immigrant like himself purchased a thoroughbred messenger who had journeyed from England to America in 1788 this Noble Steed would sire all Standardbred horses in America adding a unique chapter to the Aster family Legacy now the demise of Merryweather Lewis in 1809 ignited a quest for an able governor for the area Aster saw an opportunity proposing a daring plan to monopolize and extend the fur trade to the Pacific his Venture employed Wilson Price hunt a St Louis businessman to lead an Overland expedition to the Columbia River the journey though fraught with disastrous decisions inadvertently led to seminal discoveries and paved the path known today as the Oregon Trail this Venture formed the Bedrock for American development of Oregon and Washington you see Aster's Empire held a near Monopoly on the fur trade and by the 1820s it stood as one of the largest Enterprises in the nent United States yet by 1834 the illustrious Aster exited the company he had built partially due to a shift in fashion trends leading to the decline of fur's popularity causing the company to fragment however by then Aster had already acquired the title of America's very first multi-millionaire and the world's richest man now John Jacob Aster's demise on the 29th of March 1848 marked the end of an era with a fortune worth a staggering $20 million Aster passed as the richest person in America to give a perspective on how wildly large this Fortune was in today's terms if we compare Aster's wealth to the gross national product of America at that time his net worth would be similar to a 2023 sum of 121 billion competing with only the likes of Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk on the world stage and John Jacobs pension for philanthropy was equally illustrious dedicating $400,000 from his coffers to the establishment of the aster Library the esteemed institution that would later coales with the lenx library to become the iconic New York Public Library now his first born son John Junior from birth was plagued by a disheartening blend of ill health and mental issues thus leading to John Jacob's will giving him an allowance just adequate to assure his sustenance in the uncertain times ahead therefore the Lion's Share of the Aster's immense wealth coupled with the destiny of their family Empire was bestowed upon the capable shoulders of his second son William thus positioning the next move on the grand chess board towards old money dominance the ASA family would play in this game of familial Intrigue now William backous Aster senior named after William backous his father's Merchant friend over the course of his life would prove his metal as a competent associate in his father's prosperous export Enterprise all while carefully injecting Capital into Manhattan's fertile soil of real estate emboldened by his family's already legendary business reputation William Amplified the Empire's real estate portfolio erecting over 700 stores and homes in the growing New York City his real estate Ventures around Central Park yielded exponential growth growth for the Family Assets understand William an astute operator himself not merely preserved but managed to multiply the Aster family fortune his diligent Endeavors led to even more prosperity for their lineage his legacy culminating in a staggering estate valued at nearly $50 million it was as though Midas himself had passed his Golden Touch onto the next Aster and they wielded this gift with expert Precision however in the long Arc of family law the most crucial move William made was a defining characteristic of old money dynasties strategic intermarriage on the 20th day of May in the year 1818 he took the hand of Miss Margaret ala Rebecca Armstrong the children of Senator John Armstrong Jr and Elida sister to Horatio Gates Armstrong from her mother's side she claimed lineage from the renowned Livingston Clan her own mother the youngest offspring of the eminent judge Robert Livingston and his wife Margaret furthermore her pedigree included such luminaries as Founding Father Robert R Livingston and Secretary of State Edward Livingston on the other side her Father John Armstrong Jr held the distinguished title of President James Madison's second Secretary of War from this impressive brood William and Margaret's offspring would include a shockingly impressive third generation of asers to steer their colossal Empire John Jacob Aster III Bor during aami summers's day on the 10th of June in 1822 would Thrive as an American financier generous benefactor and a soldier in the American Civil War his extraordinary business Acumen served to bolster his personal Fortune much like his father and grandfather eventually earning him the title of the richest amongst the aster lineage from his Generation by the end of his Reign he would come to grow the family coffers to a stratospheric range between $75 million and 100 million ion doar around 2.5 to 3.5 billion in today's dollars though again we must remember that this was a time when the US had a much lower GDP than we have today thus indicating that $3 billion back then may be closer to 80 or 90 billion relative to today's economies John III's proudest achievement however lay in the establishment of the English branch of the aster Dynasty it was this branch that cemented the aster name amongst the British Mobility an enduring Legacy that even to this day continues to take pride of place in the aristocratic circles and we'll cover more in a minute now William and Margaret's daughter Laura Eugenia Aster born in 1824 married to a man by the soon toe conspicuously American name of Franklin Hughes Delano on the 17th of September 1844 this unforeseen Twist of Destiny would link the Asters with another Echelon of the closest thing America has to royalty the Roosevelts Franklin Hughes was after all the namesake of a certain US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt this Union also reinforced the Aster's ties with America's founding stock given Franklin Hughes Delano's lineage traced back to Philip Delano a pilgrim who set foot in Plymouth Massachusetts in 1621 our Tale Now settles upon William Aster Jr the bearing carrier of his forefather's illustrious American Legacy yet it was actually his wife wife the imposing Caroline shermerhorn who would seize the Reigns of New York's Elite sculpting the Bedrock of its high society born to the privileged echelons of New York's Dutch aristocracy on September 22nd 1830 Caroline or ler as she was affectionately known was a shermerhorn offspring of the city's earliest settlers her Father Abraham shermerhorn had made his fortune in shipping and possessed a net worth of half a million dollars a significant sum for the time equivalent to $13.74 million today Helen van Cortland nay white of the prominent Shermer horns was her mother fate entwined Caroline sherah horn and William Aster Jr the grandson of John Jacob Aster in a harmonious Union in 1853 an intriguing piece of history unfolded in 1862 when the couple commissioned a fashionable 4 Bay Brownstone townhouse at 355th Avenue an address that would later be home to none other than the Empire State Building now contrary to popular perception that she was always more focused on high society than family Mrs Aster for a considerable part of her years as a mother of young children devoted herself to her family and household management additionally a hefty inheritance from her parents afforded her a level of financial Independence uncharacteristic for women of her era as the years passed Caroline Aster's sphere of influence aptly known as the 400 emerged as a Cornerstone of New York's Gilded Age Society you see the City's population had swelled dramatically post civil war with wealthy migrants and immigrants challenging the traditional stronghold of the New York Elite teaming up with the revered social arbitrator Ward mallister a kin of Samuel Cutler Ward who had joined the aster Clan through marriage Mrs Aster began to shape the rules of decorum and select the acceptable newcomers to their esteemed circles mallister famously claimed that amidst the Grandeur of Gilded Age New York a mere 400 could truly qualify as members of fashionable Society the queen of society as she came to be known Mrs Aster solidified her exclusive Circle by throwing a grand annual ball on the third Monday of January scoring an invitation was seen as the ultimate Accolade the golden ticket confirming one's place within the glittering edifice of New York Society Caroline Aster during this era was renowned for her impecc able Grace scrupulous discretion and a tongue that never CED controversy her amicable demeanor bellied a certain Detachment she was never one for unsolicited intimacy nor was she given to sharing confidences her social sphere was rigid an unassailable Bastion of old money steadfastly unyielding in the Maelstrom of changing times and values yet for all their staunch traditionalism the aster Fame reached far beyond their native Shores their names synonymous with the Lem of the elite the press found themselves inexplicably drawn to their lives the Grandeur the scandals case in point the affair of Lady Caroline's attires much to the Delight of the international press Caroline Aster's Sumptuous gowns intricately adorned with apple green silk velvet and ostentatious ostrich feathers were intercepted by government agents under the suspicion of luxury Duty evasion months of speculation followed as the world pondered whether Aster would capit ulate to the looming charges of $300 to $400 lady Aster remained adamantly defiant and in the end her gowns were put to auction curiously enough it could be suggested that the asers meticulously manufactured their connotation as old money cleverly maneuvering the Public's perception of older groups as new money the quintessential example of this was their complex Dynamic with the Vanderbilts the Vanderbilts a family known for wealth and M rather than inherited represented a form of opulence that the aster found rather go and nvo re particularly railroad money which was distasteful in the eyes of Mrs Aster as such she found herself reluctant to entertain the Vanderbilt daughters yet in 1883 she felt compelled to formally acknowledge the socially prominent Alva kkin Smith spouse of William kissum Vanderbilt granting the Vanderbilt's access to the upper echelons of society a popular tale swirling Around The High Society circles tells of ala Vanderbilt orchestrating an opulent costume ball at her residence yet depriving young Caroline Aster Lena's youngest of her participation as Mrs Aster had not extended a formal call observing the Vanderbilt's Ascent lady Aster foreseeing the Strategic advantage of their Alliance in maintaining the exclusivity of New York's High Society extended an olive branch and attended Alva's grand ball therea the Vanderbilts were graced with invitations to Lady Aster's annual Suare symbolizing their official Ascension into New York's High Society now after the demise of the indomitable lady Aster the role of reigning queen of New York Society was a mantle too weighty for one woman the responsibility fell upon the heavy shoulders of three ladies of prestige Marian Graves anthon fish the Gentile wife of Styers fish Theresa fair olrick the Glamorous spouse of her man olrick and Alva Belmont who had found a new companion in Oliver Belmont in this same circle of power and affluence Mrs Aster's son John Jacob Aster IV a businessman of extraordinary prowess writer military officer in the Spanish American war sadly breathed his last in the calamitous sinking of the Titanic with an estate valuing approximately $87 million a fortune that would be the equivalent of $ 2.64 billion today Aster was the wealth EST among the Unfortunate Souls on the ill-fated voyage and arguably one of the world's richest men during his time at the same time on the other side of the pond the aster lineage grew nobler cultivating its Prestige through the illustrious titles of vicount Aster and baron Aster of hea first a wealthy American Aster by the name of William Waldorf Aster took the Bold step of transplanting himself to the British soils in 1891 later adopting the mantle of British citizenry in 1899 as a mark of his Sterling contribution to the wartime Charities he was awarded a baronage in 1916 and elevated to A vicount A year later thus was the birth of the vicount aster granted by the peerage of the United Kingdom on a summer afternoon in 1917 forever intertwining the aster with the annals of British nobility in the mid-century year of 1956 another title was fashioned Within the peerage of the United Kingdom this was the title of Baron Aster of hea awarded to the influential newspaper Baron and conservative politician another John Jacob Aster the fourth offspring of William Waldorf Aster first vicount Aster in today's world certain Aster descendants such as William Aster fourth vicount Aster persist in wielding their influence notably in the British House of Lords however the family fortune has been eroded over time with certain heirs grappling with monetary hardships one poignant symbol of this decline is the family's 420 acre estate now wearing the signs of neglect due to insufficient maintenance funds thus the aster name once synonymous with America's affluent uppermost echelons has faced a gradual diminution in its Prestige while their mark on New York City's Panorama and the American Mila remains indelible their once venerated status has taken a Quiet Retreat yet for all their dwindling wealth and influence the aster lineage has left an indelible Legacy on the city that never sleeps the cityscape is peppered with edifices bearing the aster Insignia including many streets buildings and companies institutions like the modern C regious hotel and the aster alongside various other landmarks indeed Echo their Earth while Glory therefore the story of the aster family's Evolution from new money to Old Money serves as a potent reminder of both the importance of diversification ation and the transients of time and success no matter what Heights of success you reach and for what it's worth the name Aster will always hold weight in the Western World peering through an oppressive cloak of fog during the somber Twilight hours of New York City in the year 1947 there looms an imposing Spectre the decaying Vanderbilt triple Palace once a shining Beacon of grandeur and prosperity it now Echoes with The hushed Whispers of a forgotten Splendor in Heyday the palace glistened like a diamond under the opulent glow of gaslit chandeliers rooms were decked with European art while gilded mirrors reflected the refined tastes of the eras Elite The Echoes of laughter clinking Crystal and impassioned debates filled the grand Halls all bearing testimony to the meteoric rise of the Vanderbilt Dynasty however the current Visage of the triple Palace was an unnerving contrast its decadent opulence had faded traded for an ominous air of dereliction the silent corridors now R of neglect and abandonment the imposing structure that epitomized luxury now bore the Scars of Time and indifference a granite edifice teetering on the brink of Oblivion pondering such a heart-wrenching image one might ask how did this Majestic empire collapse surrendering its palacial Grandeur to time's merciless grasp join us on this intriguing journey to answer your query as we embark on an expedition to once and for all explain how the Vanderbilt family went from old money to no money the dawn of the 19th century unveiled a new Titan in the American Commercial narrative a man by the name of Cornelius Vanderbilt affectionately known as The Commodore his tale opens in the rugged setting of Staten Island New York in 1794 birthed fourth in a lineage of nine young Cornelius was cast in The Forge of humility born into an environment of limited means looking back through history the seeds of the Vanderbilt Legacy can be traced to dilt nestled in the heart of utre Netherlands here Yan eron cornelius's great great great grandfather and a humble Dutch farmer sought a new life in New Amsterdam the city that would eventually bear the name New York in an amazing twist of fate this ancestor of one of America's wealthiest dynasties came to the new world not only peniles but was forced into indentured servitude upon his arrival in 1650 however his backbreaking work would turn out to be the sacrifice that set the Vanderbilt Legacy in motion his village Name suffixed by the Dutch Vander translated to of the built eventually morphed over Generations into the weighty name of Vanderbilt now the Inception of cornelius's empire was marked at the tender age of 16 as he gambled on a ferry service operation between Staten Island and Manhattan funded by a loan of $100 from his mother this modest Venture bloomed into a colossal Fortune exceeding 100 $ million a staggering sum that today's standards would value over $200 billion Cornelius Vanderbilt a figure cast in the mold of determination and intelligence etched his path to Prosperity through an inexhaustible work ethic and shrewd business maneuvering his simple fery service expanded its reach during the tumultuous times of the War of 1812 serving the far-flung government outposts strewn around New York City as peace was restored Vanderbilt shifted his sights to the steamship industry aligning himself with the Strategic Acumen of Thomas Gibbons possessing an innate radar for identifying opportunities within fledgling markets Vanderbilt seized control of the steamboat and nent railroad Industries effectively transforming the American landscape in particular his strategic Mastery lay in his ability to grow markets outmaneuvering competition through offering accessible prices and exploring untapped territories he built his businesses on the burgeoning pillars of customer satisfaction efficiency frugality and uncompromising consequences for dishonesty or idleness and even better this agile Titan was no stranger to Industry Evolution his adaptability became evident when he smoothly transitioned from steamboats to railroads not merely content with business savvy Vanderbilt was also a ruthless competitor Infamous for his aggressive tactics in obliterating competition and with regard to his temperament as a man of few words Vanderbilt was esteemed for his impeccable Jud ment of character he often remained stoic in the face of criticism steadfast in his decisions his unyielding determination and adaptability this drive allowed him to amass a formidable Fortune crowning him as one of the wealthiest Americans of the 19th century in fact his lifestyle could be described as having an even spartan-like frugality a trait inherited from his mother this very deliberate lifestyle Choice marked him as an outlier creating a tangible Rift between himself and the glittering upper echelons of high society yet unbeknownst to the Commodore a dramatic shift loomed on the horizon his descendants heirs to the Vanderbilt Fortune would Cast Away their patriarch's doctrine of frugality they instead embraced a life dripping with extravagance and opulence casting aside the lessons of their forebear and eventually as the kids today would say fumbling the bag you see their actions would signal a stark departure from cornelius's principles setting the stage for a story of of Epic downfall and squandered wealth a taale as Grand as their inheritance filled with missteps excesses and lavish spending that would threaten the very existence of the Vanderbilt Fortune with the Arsenal of family lineage and robust wealth at their disposal one could imagine the Vanderbilts flourishing as an enduring emblem of American old money yet in an unexpected twist of fate Cornelius Vanderbilt's descendants took a nose dive into the Realms of opulence and luxurious ious excess the precursor to this ill-fated Journey was William Henry Vanderbilt cornelius's son despite his pedigree he failed to instill the old money ethos into his eight Offspring arguably raising several who were alas spoiled Bratz beyond measure in his personal life William managed to amass an estate worth $200 million by the time of his demise in 1885 doubling his father's Empire however Whispers of his volatile temperament and emotional incon consistency cast a shadow over his accomplishments and likely hint at how he would come to raise a generation of intemperate progeny early anecdotes recount Tales reminiscent of HBO's succession portraying the relationship between William and his father Cornelius akin to that of Logan Roy and Kendall Roy Cornelius often frustrated with his eldest son called him a blockhead and blatherskite William yearned to prove otherwise but lacked the courage to face the commodore's censure however a turning point arrived during a family Voyage to Europe aboard the steamship Vanderbilt in 1860 following this trip Father and Son grew closer and William assumed an increasingly integral role in the Vanderbilt business Empire yet once at the helm William's unpredictable nature became a public nuisance one incident in particular occurred in 1883 when journalist John Dickinson Sherman questioned him about his operation of The Limited Express train service one to a question about whether the trains were running for public convenience William retorted the public be damned this Outburst reflected the growing Detachment of the Vanderbilt lineage from the principles of their patriarch upon the demise of William Henry Vanderbilt the family's Financial Leviathan passed into the hands of his sons Cornelius Vanderbilt II and William kissum Vanderbilt this heralded a new era in the diny's narrative one marked by an increasingly convoluted distribution of wealth the vast Vanderbilt Fortune once a concentrated reservoir of wealth began to spread thin across an Ever growing family tree with each passing Generation The Inheritance split among a growing number of descendants as family branches multiplied the division of assets exacerbated gradually diluting the individual shares of the once enormous family wealth simultaneously the formidable grasp of inheritance taxes began to gore at the edges of the family's Fortune as one generation passed and handed down their wealth to the next each trans was met with sizable tax implications over time these seemingly harmless nibbles transformed into significant bites out of the family coffers the shadow of such Financial burdens grew longer with each subsequent generation steadily eroding the formidable Vanderbilt Fortune worse still the family was plagued by a series of Reckless Financial choices much of the Vanderbuilt progeny far removed from the industrious ethos of their forebear failed to demonstrate the same business Acumen and financial prudence that Cornelius Vanderbilt had once embodied high-risk Ventures failed Investments and a lack of interest in nurturing the family's business interests dealt a series of devastating blows to their wealth compounding this was their inclination towards a luxurious lifestyle unlike the Commodore The Descendants reveled in extravagance and opulence they spent prodigiously indulging in Grand Mansions ostentatious parties and lavish art collections such unrestrained spending only served to accelerate the decline of the once mighty Vanderbilt Fortune this combination of expanding family size punishing inheritance taxes imprudent financial decisions and unabated spending cast a forboding shadow over the Vanderbilt Dynasty the fortune once a Titan in the annals of American Wealth gradually began its descent into Oblivion by the mid 20th century the Vanderbilt Star had considerably dimmed in the American public sphere as evidenced by the fate of their grand Fifth Avenue Mansions many of which were sold de demolished or repurposed as museums a mere 30 years post Cornelius Vanderbilt's death not a single Vanderbilt was listed among the wealthiest Americans tragically within half a century of the commodore's passing the vast Vanderbilt Fortune had entirely evaporated now let us delve deeper into the distinctive factors that precipitated the decline of the Vanderbilt wealth and juxtapose it with a family that despite amassing wealth during the same era managed to sustain it through generations to understand the contrasts let's first consider a hypothetical scenario imagine a dominant figure at the helm of a multi-billion dollar family Empire suddenly succumbing to illness the CEO who doesn't belong to the family has handpicked a COO as his successor yet the board remains divided in its support the company's Financial Health is waning prompting board anxieties without the board's unanimous backing exploring alternative CEO candidates becomes imperative further convoluting matters is the greenhorn board chair a family member with another family member and controlling shareholder expecting this chair to ascend as the next CEO this scenario may seem unusual but in the world of family-owned businesses finding a successor is a complex Labyrinth the Vanderbilt family story mirrors this scenario the dispersion of their Fortune during the third generation corresponded with diminishing family interest in their key asset the New York Central coupled with escalating expenses the Vanderbilts were known for their philanthropy especially William kissum Vanderbilt of the third generation who donated Millions to numerous causes yet the dawn of income and estate taxes and the family's incessant spending hastened their wealth's decline during the initial stages of their wealth accumulation there was a minimal business regulatory framework allowing them a free hand in dominating entire Industries the era they thrived in was marked by an absence of income and estate taxes which meant that the Vanderbilts were able to amass an unimaginable Fortune free of governmental restrictions or financial drains however as societal norms and governmental policies evolved the Vanderbilts found themselves facing new challenges this era also saw an increased regulatory focus on monopolies and business practices adding another layer of complexity to maintaining and growing their Fortune further exacerbating this situation was the Great Depression which waked havoc on the American economy it affected the Vanderbilt's Investments and economic interests leading to a sign ific downturn in their fortunes the Rockefeller family conversely employed shrewd strategies to safeguard their wealth John D rockefeller's business via generation skipping trusts ensured wealth propagation through the generations a generation skipping trust allows the transfer of substantial amounts of money tax-free skipping a generation usually passing from the gr to the grandchildren rather than the children in the rockefeller's case they managed to retain and multiply their wealth by channeling it down to more distant Generations rather than Distributing it among immediate successors the Vanderbilts however after a few Generations lacked an established Core Business that could continuously feed wealth into their trust their approach primarily involved the passing of assets directly from parent to child in each generation this strategy not only exposed their wealth to the successive imposition of estate taxes with each generational transfer but also made their Fortune vulnerable to the lavish spending habits of each inheritor the Rockefellers by structuring their wealth transfer through a generation skipping trust managed to avoid these pitfalls and ensure the long-term preservation of their fam's wealth and what else set the Rockefellers apart David Rockefeller Jr chairman of Rockefeller and Company in a rare interview spoke of a system of values traditions and institutions developed by the family these mechanisms aided the family in staying United and preserving their wealth serving as practical tools for any family trying to instill sound monetary values in their children remarkably the Rockefeller family largely remained unified devoid of public scandals feuds lawsuits or tragedies that typically plague wealthy dynasties today over 250 direct descendants of John D Rockefeller and Laura Spelman Rockefeller formed the family we meet as a family twice a year often more than 100 of us in a room for a Christmas lunch for example said David Rockefeller from the age of 21 family members are invited to these gatherings aptly called The Family Forum here they discuss the family's Direction new members career news and other significant Milestones they ensure everyone feels part of the family including those who married into it preserving the family history is also deemed essential The Rockefellers do this through their familial homesteads places passed down over Generations where they can reconnect with their past I can go back to the place where my great-grandfather lived over 100 years years ago and see how he lived and see how his son and their grandchildren lived added David Rockefeller such practices exemplify the different approaches two similarly wealthy families took to wealth preservation the Vanderbilt Legacy today is a fascinating tale of resilience adaptation and Lessons Learned From the rise and fall of one of America's wealthiest families despite the family's difficulties and the decline of their once vast Fortune some members of of the Vanderbilt family have managed to create their own paths and leave Lasting Impressions on society Gloria Vanderbilt a descendant of the Vanderbilt family faced a difficult life marked by personal tragedies and challenges born in 1924 she was the daughter of Reginald Claypool Vanderbilt and Gloria Morgan Vanderbilt at a young age Gloria was thrust into the spotlight during a highly publicized custody battle between her mother and her paternal Aunt Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney despite these early hardships Gloria went on to become a highly respected and successful artist fashion designer and author her resilience and determination to forge her own path endeared her to the public and made her a beloved figure throughout her life Gloria Vanderbilt was not only a colorful but also a very successful personality who made many contributions to the society in which she lived and thrived she was an exceptional vivacious Fashion Icon renowned for her distinctive style and the widely successful Vanderbilt's brand in a fascinating aside one of our followers at Old Money luxury shared a personal interaction with Gloria Vanderbilt recalling I met Gloria Vanderbilt at her New York art show in 2003 she was elegant well-bred polite soft spoken and greeted me with a big smile on her face her hair makeup clothes were impeccable and understated her teeth and complexion were perfect I'm so glad I met her I've read her books she lived appropriately she was an iconic figure who needed protection from Devious people people at her level of wealth she had friendships with designers actors singers lawyers professors business people with education and talent she loved her sons deeply Gloria Sons Anderson Cooper and Carter Vanderbilt Cooper also faced their share of challenges growing up as Vanderbilt descendants Anderson Cooper a well-known journalist and television personality has spoken openly about the impact of his family's history on his life and career He has expressed gratitude for the opportunities his family's Legacy has afforded him while also acknowledging the importance of hard work and self-reliance tragically Carter Vanderbilt Cooper passed by his own hand at the age of 23 a devastating loss for the family The Current financial situation of the Vanderbilt descendants varies as the once enormous family fortune has been significantly diminished over the years many of the family's descendants have pursued careers in various fields from journalism to fashion and have built their own wealth and success independent of the family's Legacy the family's remaining assets and lingering influence can still be seen in the form of their historic Mansions such as the builtmore Estate in Asheville North Carolina and The Breakers in Newport Rhode Island these properties serve as reminders of the family's immense wealth and influence during the Gilded Age and continue to attract visitors from around the world the rise and fall of the Vanderbilts offers valuable lessons for future Generations the importance of responsible wealth management strategic Estate Planning and the potential pitfalls of excessive spending and poor investment decisions are all evident in the family's story Additionally the Vanderbilt Legacy serves as a reminder of the importance of resilience and adaptability in the face of adversity before the democratization of status and social media where anybody with an iPhone and a bit of cheeky personality could become a mega star thanks to apps like Instagram Tik Tok or dare I say even YouTube itself Society certainly had what to today we would call influences but they were surely A Cut Above the Folly and high Jinks exhibited by the Jake Paul's and Kim Kardashians of the world indeed the aster a lineage directly descended from America's very first multimillionaire were the epitome of American High Society holding a family name synonymous with opulence and social influence during the 19th and early 20th centuries in today's episode of old money luxury will explain step by step how this legendary old money dinner y created high society as we know it wielding social Savvy political clout and strategic marriages to serve as the architects of New York City's social norms for the 1% of the 1% long before John Jacob Aster ascended as America's first multi-millionaire wealth in the early 19th century the 13 British colonies and later the fledgling United States were already the domain of established families of considerable means for Generations these families had held sway over the nation's political landscape and their Roots often stretched back to the period before the American Revolution you see the forbears of these families accumulated their fortunes through a myriad of avenues among them Elite Planters prosperous Merchants slave owners ship Builders additionally geography played its role in states such as Virginia Maryland and the Carolinas Acres upon acres of land either bestowed by British royalty or gained through colonial era so-called head rights formed the Bedrock of these families prosperity and their legacy was often not merely one of wealth but of statesmanship indeed they counted among their numbers several of the founding fathers and the early presidents of the United States men who would stand in The Crucible of Revolution and constitutional formation yet with all of that said the American colonies had been largely peopled by Those whom historians describe as the middling sort what we today would identif identify as the middle class certainly America was not a land of hereditary aristocracy rather it was a place where wealth alone could Elevate one standing and the founding fathers themselves were instrumental in rejecting monarchy and hereditary aristocracy as they structured the nation's governance for this their intellectual Inspirations were varied first they took cues from Europe's first written Constitution the Magna Carta celebrating its challenge to monarchical Authority men like the future US president Thomas Jefferson saw the new American Elite as a natural aristocracy one founded not on Birthright but on Merit and ability for example Alexander Hamilton born out of wedlock and hailing from humble beginnings in the Caribbean or Benjamin Franklin a son of a candlemaker could Ascend to the Pinnacle of American society through sheer grit and intellect by contrast Germany the ancestral home of the Asters was a veritable Mosaic of principalities and kingdoms each underpinned by its own rigid aristocratic structure indeed the Asters could never have ascended the social ladder in their German Homeland as they did in America's more fluid Society thus as the early 1800s unfurled America was a land of disperate centers of wealth and influence both new money and old money mingled yet there was no centralized High Society therefore America was at the time a vacuum that would soon draw in the likes of the entrepreneur IAL asers now in a nation still forming its identity John Jacob Aster emerged as an archetype of American capitalism born in Germany he crossed the Atlantic to establish himself as a fur Trader and soon became America's first multi-millionaire specifically Aster's arrival in New York in 1786 marked the dawn of his business Endeavors acquiring knowledge of the fur trade during his voyage to the new world he opened a fur good Shop in Manhattan and Aster was not one to squander an opportunity the J Treaty of 1794 which opened new Canadian markets and the Great Lakes region proved fortuitous for him his shrewd negotiations with native tribes and Market insights allowed him to accumulate a quarter of a million dollars by the year 1800 effectively crowning him the Undisputed magnate of the fur trade but John Jacob Aster's Ventures were not confined to Furs alone in 1834 before the aster House New York City's first luxury hotel welcomed its first guests Aster had meticulously gathered Parcels of land around his previous residence effectively claiming an entire city block in what was then the city's most elegant quarter situated on the west side of Broadway the aster house was a Stones throwaway from City Hall Park and the offices of the New York Herald for decades this establishment remained the load star for the elite and the famous the venue where authors and Statesmen mingled in opulent settings indeed it served as the blueprint for the city's future luxurious accommodations now the patriarch of the aster Dynasty passed away in 1848 leaving a staggering $20 million equal to over 770 million doar in today's currency almost all of which was bequeathed to his son William backous Aster thus the provisions of Aster's will were carefully engineered to preserve the family fortune for the generations to follow a symbol of his C ulating Mind by the 1850s the ASA family had transcended their Mercantile Origins to become social Arbiters of the first order and it was Caroline sherah horn Aster Williams wife who most personified this new societal influence the famed matriarch wielded almost dictatorial control over New York high society and it was her annual Aster ball that became the defining event of the city's social calendar now during the 1870s Caroline Aster commonly known as the Mrs Aster wielded significant influence over American High Society her Fifth Avenue Mansion became the stage for defining the era's social etiquet where she hosted elaborate tees receptions and opulent late night dinners the Pinnacle of her social calendar was an annual ball set meticulously on a Monday night in January where dinner was served at 11:00 p.m. and dancing continued until the break of day Mrs Aster would commonly be flanked by Ward Mall her Confidant and co-architect of social exclusivity together they orchestrated the Society of the Patriarchs a club aimed at consolidating the creme de La Creme of New York Society now the patriarch's balls were recurring events held multiple times each season at Del mono's the city's Premier dining establishment membership in the society came with certain privileges each member could extend invitations to five women and four men for the various social events conceptualized by by Caroline Aster those who met the society's stringent standards were granted entry into the 400 a term coined to represent the elite list of guests who could comfortably fit in Mrs Aster's Ballroom this exclusive list included individuals of impeccable lineage grandchildren of past presidents European royalty and heirs to Monumental fortunes indeed the 400 became synonymous with social exclusivity setting the tone for who was considered in and out of the upper echelons of American society meanwhile in 1887 leis Keller a society columnist and golf offici enardo published the first social register taking a cue from Mrs Aster's famous 400 list his compilation also included names from other notable lists effectively documenting those who made up New York's most distinguished visiting registers overseen by an anonymous advisory committee the social register initially recorded over 5,000 individuals many of whom were descendants of early American settlers historically the list catered to American upper class families epitomizing the WASP stereotype amid this backdrop of social curating tensions flared between the asers and the Vanderbilts the two Titan families of the Gilded Age Alva Vanderbilt slighted for her absence on Mrs Aster's coveted list orchestrated an audacious counter move in 1883 after the completion of pety Chateau her extravagant Fifth Avenue residence Alva dispatched 1,200 invitations for her masked ball hearing all the society chatter Mrs Aster's daughter eager to attend the Vanderbilt Gala thus persuaded her mother to pay a visit to Alva armed with a useful excuse to finally acknowledge the Vanderbilt's entry into High Society Mrs Aster joined in Alva's festivities marking a twisted tale of social rivalry in a setting already steeped in exclusivity and one-upmanship Now The ased High Society annual social cycle of Gilded Age New York commenced in November and extended until the onset of Lent during spring society's finest would frequent the courts of England and Europe only to return for a Stateside summer this recurring sequence of events including balls and dinner parties was not just a social fixture but also held political relevance as many members of the US parliament partook in these social rights subsequently Caroline Aon partnered with her Confidant Ward McAllister aimed to formalize the rules governing this rarified social landscape they were the self-appointed Guardians of old money propriety laboring to sift the worthy from the Unworthy newcomers however simultaneously as the American AA family's influence was reaching its apery in the United States an ocean away the family's tendrils were extending into British Society in 1893 William wal Aster disenchanted by familial Discord on American soil took up residence in England and the estate of clivedon in taplo buckinghamshire once the province of the Duke of Westminster soon became the Aster's palacial Refuge then in 1906 as if anointing the union of continents William Waldorf bestowed cvon upon his son Waldorf Aster and his new American bride Nancy Langhorn Nancy Langhorn hailed from Virginia born into fluctuating Fortune that eventually swelled by the close of the 19th century thus her marriage to Waldorf in 1906 was something of an International Alliance not only merging family wealth but also social Ambitions with political aspirations in his eyes and the influence of his well-connected wife Waldorf became the unionist candidate for Plymouth in 1908 Nancy ever the devoted spouse campaigned ardently at his side until he took his seat in Parliament 2 years later and and British Society warmed to Nancy captivated by her American ebullience and sharp wit thus in albian the aster were a harmonious pair both American expatriates of similar temperament remarkably they were even born on the same day the 19th of May 1879 as Hostess of cvon Nancy became renowned drawing luminaries from Charlie Chaplain and George Bernard Shaw to Winston Churchill into their social sphere then in 1919 an unforeseen twist of fate Waldorf was elevated to the House of Lords necessitating his departure from the House of Commons into the vacuum stepped Nancy who won his seat and made history as the first woman to sit in Parliament over a span of 26 years she wielded her influence in the advocacy of diverse causes shortened working hours enhanced health care for mothers pensions for widows and equal employment opportunities for women but Virginia always occupied a special place in her heart a portrait believed to depict pocah hontas was her gift to the Commonwealth in 1926 however despite her groundbreaking career Nancy encountered formidable resistance including from none other than Winston Churchill yet her tenure in Parliament set a precedent that reverberated through the halls of power unsettling traditional gender norms and shaping a new pathway for women in politics simultaneously her wealth social standing and vast network of connections became essential Assets in her political Endeavors therefore while the family maintained a formidable presence in American High Society the British chapter of the aster Legacy was inscribing itself throughout the 1920s and 1930s Waldorf and Nancy became Staples in the British social fabric Clon was not just their home but an International Salon of intellect influence and elegance Nancy the hostess with an unyielding political Spirit was perceived as among the world's most notable women cvon the epitome of their transatlantic melding of societies continued to be the stage for this remarkable American British drama but as the fur trade once a Cornerstone of Asa Prosperity dwindled and real estate Ventures faced turbulence in an evolving Urban landscape the family found their once impervious status diminishing now the ebbing of the ASA family's fortunes was a gradual process that spanned the late 19th to the 20 20th century catalyzed by shifting economic terrains and societal perceptions and accusations of being slum Lords further marred their standing a maritime Calamity the sinking of the Titanic cemented a regrettably certain end to the ASA Dominion in New York Society among the ship's casualties was John Jacob Aster IV the most affluent passenger aboard his wife Matalin Force Aster survived the tragedy and subsequently gave birth to their son John Jacob Aster the 6 and meline herself was a figure of social Intrigue her marriage to John Jacob Aster IV having provoked Scandal due to their age difference and his recent divorce when several clergy members refused to officiate their wedding the minister who eventually stepped in faced such backlash that he felt compelled to resign decades later as World War II erupted the aster influence across the Atlantic saw another significant recalibration Nancy Aster now the vi Countess Aster was deep engaged in political life and philanthropy throughout the conflict yet her political standing eroded over the course of the war believing her party and husband considered her a liability she retired from politics in 1945 and World War II itself wrought significant changes on the British H front including the mobilization of women into various forms of Labor yet it did little to modernize their post-war Ambitions which largely remained anchored in Tradition in the next decade the 1950s the divestment of American assets signified another phase in the family's retrenchment John Jacob Aster I 6th who was born in the shadow of the Titanic disaster had overseen the aster estate in baring Ridge but in 1960 he abandoned this property it laid vacant until its acquisition by Bernard's Township in 1968 for $140,000 furthermore the Wayne of the aster influence during the latter half of the 20th century symbolized a broader societal shift the concept of high society once the near exclusive realm of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants began to diversify making room for emergent families like the Irish Catholic kennedies yet the aster Legacy is far from erased and it persists through philanthropic works such as the New York Public Library a variety of New York City landmarks and streets and titles that remain with the family's English descendants including vicount Aster and baron Aster of hea Cleveland Ohio on the BR of the 19th century a collage of Hardy Souls undaunted dreams and fierce determination it's here treading through the Thunder of Steel on Rail and the Symphony of Industry piercing the crisp Midwestern sky where our Story begins we meet a young John D Rockefeller a man not born great but upon whom greatness would be bestowed by the trials of Life Young John's eyes reflect an old soul a wisdom gifted by his devout mother Eliza Davidson a pillar of steadfast religious Faith she has imparted in her son the invaluable lessons of Charity frugality and financial stewardship in the muted glow of Candlelight johon Faithfully absorbed these lessons his handwritten Ledger of daily expenditures a constant companion however even as he wrote his father's Shadow filled the room his father William Avery Rockefeller a man with a chameleon-like charm and a penchant for high stakes pedal his Miracle potions blending a mix of naive hope and snake oil he sold dreams to the desperate and unsuspecting this tension an intricate Waltz between integrity and deception forms the foundation of the Rockefeller family's Destiny each moment adds a new layer of resolve the quiet diligence from a mother's teachings and the ruthless business cunning kindled by a father's Gile Embark with us on this journey from the freshly minted wealth of the new money Rockefellers to the prestigious old money Dynasty John would build as we describe how the Rockefeller family went from new money to Old Money our Saga Begins in New York state where our pivotal protagonist John D Rockefeller first experienced life's trials and triumphs raised by his devout Baptist mother Eliza Davidson Rockefeller learned the virtues of Charity frugality and the effective management of money from an early age this foundational training would later become the Bedrock of his extraordinary business Acumen however to fully comprehend the twists and turns of this familial Odyssey from Rags to Riches we must introduce an almost dezian character John D's Father William Avery Rockefeller far from the righteous path his wife tread William Avery lived a life of flamboyant ruses as a traveling salesman he pedal Miracle potions with the grand promise of healing any Affliction from insignificant ailments to terminal diseases astoundingly the key ingredient of these Elixir was petroleum a substance that unbeknownst to young John would power his future Paving his way towards becoming America's first billionaire William Avery however bore a less than reputable reputation he was a man of questionable Integrity dabbling in horse thievery and habitually tangling with the law his unorthodox Antics eventually led to a forced relocation to Cleveland Ohio a move that uprooted young Rockefeller from his childhood home in Upstate New York Eliza Rockefeller a figure of steadfast faith and resilience stood as the Counterpoint to William Avery's volatile lifestyle Eliza's devout religiosity played a significant role in shaping young John D rockefeller's worldview infusing his business strategies with a sense of moral responsibility and ethical diligence that would remain with him throughout his life now despite William Avery's dubious character he surprisingly harbored a staunch belief in the power of Education as such he enrolled John D and his brother William at Cleveland's Central High School the country's first free public high school West of the alany mountains this experience instilled a strong sense of Independence in John D particularly during his father's frequent lengthy absences and remarkably these absences were not without their Silver Lining when he did indeed return William Avery's ponant for deception extended to his own son with John D's father himself once bragging I cheat my boys every chance I get I want to make them sharp this unconventional paternal approach however inadvertently honed rockefeller's business instincts his early exposure to his father's swindles molded him into a shrewd negotiator a business Hawk with an Eagle Eye for spotting potential pitfalls and deceptive Maneuvers in the commercial Arena the motherly figure of Eliza Davidson however was the enduring guiding beacon in John D's life over the course of his life he progressively distanced himself from his father while his mother's influence and memory only Amplified her teachings left an indelible mark on Rockefeller who would go on to recall from the beginning I was trained to work to save and to give upon completion of his education Rockefeller now seasoned with both life and business experience found his heart's Delight in his high school sweetheart Laura Spelman marking the close of one eventful chapter and the dawn of another in his remarkable Journey John D rockefeller's business Journey one marked by scrupulous Financial accur and towering ambition began in September 1855 when at just 16 he entered the business world as an assistant bookkeeper for a small produce commission firm huitt and Tuttle in Cleveland even then his meticulous nature Shone through keeping detailed ledgers that accounted for every scent in his possession a staunch advocate of Charity Rockefeller adhered to the concept of tithing from his earliest days of earning income for himself committing 10% of his earnings to charitable causes in 1859 Rockefeller partnered with Morris B Clark launching a produce commission business they raised $4,000 more than 100,000 in today's dollars a sizable capital for the time the Civil War period proved lucrative as the union Army's demand for supplies soared however it was towards the end of the conflict as the prospect of wartime profits faded that Rockefeller and Clark turned their attention towards oil refining the true Turning Point Point came in 1866 when John's brother William Rockefeller Jr built another refinery in Cleveland pulling Jon into the partnership in 1867 Henry Morris and Flagler joined them establishing Rockefeller Andrews and Flagler which rapidly grew to be the world's largest oil refinery this operation laid the foundation for Standard Oil officially formed on January 10th 1870 which embarked on an aggressive campaign to consolidate the oil Market known as the C Cleland conquest or the Cleveland Massacre Standard Oil in less than 4 months in 1872 absorbed 22 of its 26 Cleveland competitors by 1880 Standard Oil controlled approximately 90% of all oil refineries and pipelines in the united states allowing Rockefeller to effectively dictate the entire industry's pace and Direction however rockefeller's strategies were not without benefits for the public before 1870 only the affluent could afford oil light provided by expensive whale oil however in the following decade thanks to the economies of scale realized by Standard Oil kerosene became widely accessible to the working and middle classes yet these business practices including underselling differential pricing and secret Transportation rebates also invited controversy and by 1880 Standard Oil was reported by the media as the most cruel impudent pitiless and grasping Monopoly that ever fastened upon a country the intense criticism led to the creation of the Standard Oil trust in 1882 a corporation of Corporations to centralize rockefeller's Holdings which further stirred public suspicion despite these challenges Standard Oil stood resilient consistently making profits year after year achieving an aura of invincibility and unparalleled wealth Ida Tarbell a journalist would ultimately lead a movement to challenge this Behemoth her meticulous investigation culminating in a series of damning Articles exposed standard oil's ruthless tactics and ultimately contributed to the dissolution of standard oil as a monopoly leading to the Clayton Antitrust Act without fully throwing in the towel Rockefeller started looking at his transition into retirement while still seeking to preserve his wealth and transform his new money into the more enduring old money he Diversified his Investments and launched the Rockefeller foundation in 1913 with an initial donation of $100 million broadening his legacy Beyond oil and Industry highlighting his commitment to philanthropy however his rise from a new money Tycoon to an old money patriarch was marred by personal challenges and public scorn with some speculating that the Relentless scrutiny caused Rockefeller to develop alopecia despite these obstacles the name Rockefeller had a journey from poverty to the patriarch of one of America's most powerful families that was only just beginning as he passed control of his dynasty to the Next Generation Now John D Rockefeller was not merely an astute businessman he was also an Ardent practitioner of old money principles such as long-term financial planning privacy understated Elegance philanthropy and Thrift these were the values he instilled in his children ensuring the Rockefeller Legacy would span Generations in contrast to the new money families of the Gilded Age The Rockefellers adopted a more discreet and sustainable approach to wealth consider the Vanderbilt and Gould families prominent figures of the Gilded Age whom epitomized new money opulence Cornelius Vanderbilt renowned for his Empire of steam ships and the New York Central Railroad celebrated his fortune with a flourish the manifestation of his wealth was particularly evident in his family's real estate purchases the family commissioned Grand mansions that showcased their affluence such as the opulent Vanderbilt mansions on Fifth Avenue which stood as symbols of their enormous wealth these included the triple Palace a trio of residences designed by famed Architects and decorated with marble gold and other precious materials in addition to these residences Cornelius Vanderbilt II acquired an expensive townhouse on 57th Street which later had to be sold due to financial strain Additionally the marble house built by William kissum Vanderbilt in Newport Rhode Island was another display of the Vanderbilt Fortune This lavish Mansion however was eventually sold due to its exorbitant upkeep costs their pension for Grandeur extended to their social events as well with the Vanderbilt costume ball of 1883 a million dooll spectacle immortalizing their ponant for lavish spending however the Vanderbilt's unchecked extravagance combined with their neglect of long-term financial planning ultimately led to the erosion of their substantial Fortune this financial mismanagement left many of their descendants grappling with relative poverty a stark contra to their forbears opulence similarly the Gould family led by railroad magnate Jay Gould failed to preserve their wealth across Generations Jay Gould was famed for his extravagant lifestyle evident in his creation of Lindhurst a sprawling Gothic Revival Mansion his offspring mirrored his extravagance erecting impressive residences such as a castle-like mansion in Lakewood New Jersey and a French Shadow inspired Mansion in ttwn New York however the Goulds mirrored the Vanderbilts in their of emphasis on sustained wealth management George JG II and Jay G II descendants of this once affluent lineage pursued commendable careers yet the family fortune dwindled over time after George J Gould's demise their once formidable wealth had practically evaporated resulting in their descendants leading lives far from their opulent Heritage today the Vanderbilt and gold legacies serve as potent reminders of the impermanence of wealth without prudent stewardship the next generation of Rockefellers however took a different path rooted in the old money traditions of privacy Thrift and philanthropy these principles played out vividly in the lives of John D Rockefeller senior's children John D Rockefeller Jr the only son and the primary Heir inherited not only his father's vast Fortune but also his commitment to philanthropy he financed the construction of the Rockefeller Center in New York and restored Colonial Williamsburg among many other philanthropic endeavors yet despite his eye-watering size of income he lived a relatively modest lifestyle avoiding public displays of wealth and maintaining a strong focus on his family similarly rockefeller's daughters also embodied the old money principles Elizabeth the eldest married a banker and led a private life out of the public eye Alice despite suffering from various health issues throughout her life was known for her philanthropy and carried the family tradition of supporting educational and health causes alter the third child married a scientist and focused her efforts on supporting scientific research Edith the youngest devoted herself to music and philanthropy continuing the family's commitment to giving back to society however embodying old money principles did not exempt the Rockefeller children from difficulties John D Rockefeller Jr for instance was often criticized for his ruthless business practices just like his father similarly Alice struggled with her health suffering from various illnesses throughout her life the public scrutiny that came with the Rockefeller name was also a constant source of stress for the family yet despite these challenges the old money principles continued to guide them the Rockefeller children following their father's example sought to preserve their wealth for future Generations focusing on long-term financial planning rather than short-term gain they understood the importance of privacy choosing to live away from the public eye they embraced understated elegance and avoided the ostentatious displays of wealth common among new money families the financial landscape of America's Gilded Age was indeed a volatile Crucible with fortunes being made and lost almost overnight within this climate a distinction arose between new money the freshly minted wealth of entrepreneurs and industrialists and old money the inherited wealth of established families that had accumulated assets over Generations the terms in capsulated more than just the age of wealth they signified cultural differences social acceptability and the capacity for wealth preservation The Rockefellers beginning as new money were no strangers to this volatility however their pragmatic approach to wealth accumulation and preservation arguably allowed them to transition into the esteemed category of old money key to this transformation was their ability to integrate into high society and form strategic alliances through marriage the family made insightful choices in matrimony aligning themselves with well-established families through advantageous marriages John D Rockefeller Jr the sole son of John D Rockefeller Senor set the pace in 1901 when he married Abby aldrid Abby wasn't just any bride she was the daughter of US senator Nelson W Aldridge a political Powerhouse whose influence stretched from Wall Street to Washington The Aldrich Family had a strong political lineage and this marital Alliance thrust The Rockefellers into significant political circles offering them not just social prominence but also a chance to influence policy their progeny representing the third generation of the Rockefellers adopted this pattern of strategically beneficial marriages in 1930 Nelson Rockefeller later to become the vice president of the United States married Mary Todd Hunter Clark Mary came from an esteemed Philadelphia family known for its quiet yet significant influence in the city's legal and civic affairs these unions were not solely about the joining of two individuals but rather about the Confluence of power influence and long-standing family heritage The Rockefellers also distinguished themselves through public service and philanthropy as previously noted Nelson held the high office of vice president under President Gerald Ford reinforcing the family's presence in the nation's political sphere simultaneously his brother Lawrence carved out a niche as a venture capitalist and passionate conservationist contributing to the preservation of natural habitats and environmental sustainability continuing the family's trajectory in public service John D Rockefeller IV more commonly called Jay Nelson's nephew and a fourth generation Rockefeller built a significant political career born in 1937 Jay served as West Virginia's Secretary of State and later as the state's Governor impressively holding office from 1977 to 1985 in 1984 he was elected to the United States Senate serving five terms until he decided not to seek re-election in 2014 as a senator Jay championed issues such as Healthcare reform and internet privacy thus maintaining the family's tradition of Public Service additionally embedded in the core of the Rockefeller family's Legacy is their remarkable philanthropy The Rockefellers became known as patrons of education and the Arts helping to shape America's cultural landscape they lent their considerable resources to institutions such as the University of Chicago and the Museum of Modern Art this Dee rooted philanthropy wasn't simply about donating money it was an essential tool for shaping their public Persona showcasing their commitment to societal advancement yet alongside this is their equally noteworthy ability to amass and preserve substantial wealth this Duality reflects the character of John D Rockefeller himself who was known to be a ruthless businessman yet an incredibly generous philanthropist their philanthropic Ventures were strategic they served to not only improve Public Welfare but also to bolster their societal standing assisting in their seamless transition from new money to old money through these actions The Rockefellers were not just cementing their place within societal Elites but also highlighting their dedication to the public good therefore simultaneously the Rockefellers adopted several strategies to safeguard their wealth ensuring that it would endure across Generations one significant step in this regard was the establishment of the Rockefeller foundation in 1913 this move was more than an act of Charity it was a calculated effort to Shield their wealth from heavy estate taxes thereby allowing it to grow and benefit Society simultaneously over time the foundation's immense contributions to public health education and arts helped to further establish and fortify the Rockefeller name trusts also played a critical role in their wealth preservation strategy John D Rockefeller senor formed his first trust in 1891 transferring a significant portion of his fortune to it this move offered both tax advantages and protection against potential heirs mismanagement thereby ensuring the continuity of the Rockefeller fortune in addition The Rockefellers innovatively used holding companies to manage their diverse business interests these corporate structures provided a protective shield for their wealth while also promoting growth this use of corporate entities set a precedent for future wealthy families showing how wealth could be protected and multiplied simultaneously as such the Rockefellers are a perfect example of how one family managed to become synonymous with philanthropy while maintaining an iron grip on their wealth demonstrating a duality that has become part of their enduring Legacy in the opening years of the 20th century the Rockefeller Dynasty stood as an unassailable pillar of American affluence and influence furthermore their palatial Estates sprawled across across prominent Landscapes from the bustling heart of New York to the Sunkissed shores of Florida and the opulent retreats in Newport these were not merely homes but grandiose statements of wealth and Architectural prowess however the looming shadow of the Great Depression would come to Eclipse even these illustrious sanctuaries compelling the family to part with many of their treasured possessions in today's episode of old money Mansions will guide you through the riveting Narrative of these lost Rockefeller Mansions telling the full size of why these lavish homes were relinquished what transpired in the aftermath of their sales and whether The Parting was a mere Financial exigency or an emblematic shift in the American social class system first on our list we enter the John D Rockefeller Mansion but first a quick history lesson you see in the 1860s amidst the chaos of the Civil War Fifth Avenue and 54th Street in Manhattan remained a Barren stretch of land until William P Williams a prosperous Merchant would choose this location to construct a lavish Brownstone Mansion at four West 54th Street in 1864 indeed the Mansion Was An Elegant Abode an embodiment of Williams's prosperity and an early marker of the neighborhood's potential simultaneously in the southern charm of Richmond Virginia Katherine yarington managed a boarding house to support her family following her husband's demise among her five children was a 19-year-old Arabella a young woman who radiated Beauty and had a penchant for inviting drama into her life her life took a significant turn when CIS P Huntington a married New York Railroad magnate initiated a passionate relationship with her subsequently the yarington clan relocated to the Big Apple in 1869 after this Arabella soon had a child Archer Worsham whose paternity was a subject of much gossip the general consensus though unverified was that Archer was indeed Huntington's son with a newfound Financial cushion Arabella secured The Brownstone Mansion at 4 West 54th Street though the home showed signs of architectural aging she was thrilled it was situated in one of Manhattan's most coveted districts however Arabella yearned for something more than mere High Society Prestige she envisioned a complete metamorphosis not just of her social standing but also her living space money being no hindrance she spearheaded a fullscale renovation employing top-notch decorating firms of the time such as George a chasty or potier and stymus stepping into arabella's home was like entering a realm of fantasies it boasted a Turkish bath a Japanese bedroom with ebonized Woodwork and a dazzling chandelier crafted in silver and guilt the smoking room was a spectacle of moish charm ceilings featured intricate designs mantel showcased exotic woodwork while Artisans labored to perfect each detail Arabella and her young son ventured on International excursions returning to an abode completely altered in both form and spirit yet Arabella always the shrewd entrepreneur decided to sell the Mansion following her husband's death John D Rockefeller the legendary oil tycoon would soon acquire the property marking the Inception of another chapter in the mansion's storied existence sadly its architectural Splendor was not universally appreciated John D Rockefeller Jr salvaged two rooms for museums in New York but the rest of the house faced the wrecking ball unable to align with modern architectural sensibilities the final act for The Mansion came when Abby Rockefeller John's spouse co-established the Museum of Modern Arts Sculpture Garden on its grounds the mansion's rich and multifaceted past gradually receded marking the end of a unique chapter in the story of Victorian domestic architecture at the number two slot in our historic inventory Rockwood Hall emerges as a paragon of the Gilded Age a remarkable residence in Mount Pleasant New York established in 1849 the mansion's lineage included distinguished individuals such as Alexander Slidel McKenzie and William Henry aspenwall however its transformation into a veritable Palace occurred under the ownership of William Rockefeller John D rockefeller's brother William expanded the Mansion to an a inspiring 204 rooms establishing it as the second largest private residence in America during his lifetime and the architectural Grandeur of Rockwood Hall didn't just remain confined within its walls it served as the conceptual blueprint for the Sacred Heart Academy in Cincinnati Ohio designed by Thomas sargant this Academy took shape between 1864 and 1867 as the residence of William C nef as years rolled on and the rockefeller's influence waned the Mansion experienced a shift in purpose transformed into a country club it eventually spiraled into bankruptcy amid the financial ruin of the Great Depression subsequently John D Rockefeller Jr gained control of the property demolishing a majority of the mansion in 1942 before its incorporation into Rockefeller state park preserve the Mansion passed through a series of custodians including Tech Giant IBM what remains today is but a fragment of its former self a nostalgic Gate House and terrorist foundations remnants that tell the tale of an age of luxury and ambition along the Hudson River architectural features that set Rockwood Hall apart art included a towering four-story structure at the mansion's southeast Corner a 2 and 1 half story octagonal Tower and an elegant Port koser that seamlessly connected the two the mansion reveled in lavish Verandas and a stone roofed patio that hugged its perimeter its roof was a work of art adorned with red tiled fire brick and crowned with an ornate gilded weather vein inside the Mansion was an epitome of finery the first floor was a microcosm of opulence home to an entrance hall drawing room library music room and various other Chambers designed for leisure and refinement Mosaic floors walls crafted from American Oak and intricately designed papier-mâché ceilings greeted the eye at every turn the grand staircase adorned with an American Oak ballustrade was a spectacle unto itself crowned by a glorious Dome of Cathedral glass but its Innovations weren't limited to visual Aesthetics Advanced features like floorboard vents for Heating and electric buttons for calling servants imbued the mansion with a Forward Thinking sensibility fire safety was Paramount as evidenced by fireproof construction and sliding doors in nearly all rooms additionally landscape architect Frederick La Olstead complemented the mansion's structural Beauty with Lush external environs Rolling Hills Scenic Woodlands Meadows and artistically designed Gardens enriched The Mansions surrounding acreage today Rockwood Hall remains an evocative Relic a cherished vestage of an age of unprecedented luxury and technological advancement where The Whispers of a grand past are carried by the Hudson River breezes through what remains of its Noble structure nestled in the Lush Landscapes of Harnet County North Carolina Overhills holds the third spot on our roster once an expansive 177,000 acre Haven it was a cherished Jewel In The rockella Family Estate over time it evolved embodying a range of roles and interpretations now the architectural Panorama of Overhills was a spectacle in and of itself here we delve into some of the Cornerstone edifices that Mark this verdant Enclave first the Croatan Cottage a stately two-story colonial revival residence Croatan Cottage was the epitome of architectural prowess created by the distinguished New York design firm hiss and weeks it instantly became a landmark in over Hills the residents boasted a sprawling layout complete with a flagstone Terrace an informal garden and unobstructed vistas of the adjoining Golf Course capturing the essence of Gilded Age grandiosity next the original Clubhouse of the estate was more than just a building it was the Social Hub designed to cater to the indulgences of the elite who graced over Hills while its precise architectural elements might be varied the overarching ethos was consistent a blend of period specific charm and Timeless Elegance additionally scattered across the property were assortment of lodges and Cottages each contributing a unique architectural Nuance designed with meticulous attention to detail these accommodations seamlessly integrated with the natural environment while providing the Pinnacle of comfort to visitors the estate showcased a variety of architectural Styles resonating both with the Rockefeller family's preferences and the prevailing design Norms among these the colonial revival style was particularly dominant identifiable by its Grand columns and symmetrical Arrangements however Overhills was also a Melting Pot of architectural influences incorporating a multiplicity of styles that added layers of complexity to its visual appeal while not a building the Donald Ross designed Golf Course was another art form manifest in the estate the course was a masterpiece intricately laid out to offer golf enthusiasts and unparalleled experience from the Strategic bunkering to the well- contoured greens every facet of the course was a calculated design Choice woven into the scenic backdrop of over Hills far more than its architectural features Overhills possessed an undercurrent of deep historical resonance over the decades its identity transitioned from a secluded Haven for the Rockefellers to a significant military institution this metamorphosis narrates a multifaceted story marking Divergent epochs in the Estates storied existence occupying the fourth slot in our Chronicle of historical Marvels is abon Lodge originally known as the playhouse nestled within the expansive grounds of the pocantico center the lodge serves as a hub for a myriad of activities and initiative each resonating with the philanthropic Spirit of the Rockefeller Brothers fund renamed in 2018 abyon Lodge embodies the values of unity and Progressive philanthropy reflecting the Ambiance of the rockefeller's early Abode interestingly the tale of abon Lodge finds its roots in an earlier structure of the same name this quaint wooden establishment gracefully situated downhill from Kiku the residents of John D Rockefeller and Laura Spelman Rockefeller marked a cherished familial gift in 1901 picture a home adorned with Oak paneling and flooring radiating a warmth that welcomed anyone who entered its domain for years the lodge was the heartbeat of the Rockefeller family a sanctuary where five Sons and Daughters grew laughed and shared life's many highs and lows however the tide of time turned in 1937 when the senior Rockefeller passed away John and Abby relocated to Kiku leaving the original Lodge largely uninhabited for nearly 10 years despite its dorcy the wooden edifice demanded continual maintenance with none of The Offspring returning the lodge faced an inevitable demolition in 1946 yet the essence of abiton Lodge was too potent to be forgotten in 1987 younger Generations revived its Spirit by forming abiton Lodge Incorporated a not for-profit entity aimed at orchestrating family gatherings and social events but in 1924 an effort to immortalize the family Legacy was undertaken by John D Rockefeller Jr he enlisted architect Duncan Candler to create a playhouse echoing the architectural Elegance of the original Lodge this Tudor style Masterpiece finished in 1927 stands as an enduring tribute to to the Rockefeller family's dedication to their lineage inside the modern-day abiton Lodge you are greeted by a stone floored Lobby punctuated by portraits of the Rockefeller patriarch and matriarch further in an intimate card room beckons its chairs ornamented with needle point craftsmanship courtesy of Abby Aldrich Rockefeller the indoor pool area is a feast for the eyes its walls and Floors adorned with vibrant Mexican taliva tiles the adjacent Gallery houses a grand fireplace and architect Cal relics from the family's Gilded Age residents in New York City each element contributing to the rich Narrative of the space today the stewardship of abiton Lodge is undertaken by The National Trust for historic preservation operated by the pocantico center under the orices of the Rockefeller Brothers fund bequeathed by David Rockefeller this Majestic venue continues its philanthropic Mission ensuring that its Legacy will be cherished by Future generations and the final narrative in our exploration ation of historic Mansions unfurls like a romance novel brought to life picture this it's June 1924 and the SS homeric is setting sail for the Paris Olympics on board is James Stillman Rockefeller the Charming Yale crew team captain while the ship offers him a rigorous practice schedule by day it also provides resplendant dance nights to enjoy amidst this Whirlwind of athleticism and glamour James finds himself utterly captivated by Nancy Carnegie a vivacious debutant and the granddaughter of Steel magnate Andrew Carnegie as fate would have it their connection deepens against the backdrop of James's gold medal victory in rowing at Paris fast forward a year and the couple's Love Story crescendos into a grand wedding at the Carnegie estate on Cumberland Island Georgia a sprawling 11 acre plot in Greenwich Connecticut becomes their wedding gift and the canvas upon which they would paint their lifelong dreams with the same spirit that guided them through their Whirlwind courtship they embarked on an architectural Adventure enlisting AUST NL and George mccullock Miller the mines behind the iconic Whitney Museum what emerged was Rock Fields a 19,000 ft Georgian style Marvel dressed in Rich red brick imagine soaring ceilings multiple fireplaces a Pantheon of bedrooms and a living room featuring expansive windows that provided panoramic views of an English boxwood garden and a Wisteria Laden gazebo as the decades turned rockfields bore witness to The rhythms of time 3 years following James's death in 2004 the property transitioned into the care of a financier who invigorated it with modern touches the Mansion found its next chapter in 2009 with owners enamored by Aesthetics and the arts for these stewards the mansion's magnetic Allure was palpable from the first glimpse of its winding driveway Renovations were imminent but carefully planned an extensive landscape overhaul introduced 53 new maple trees and a rejuvenated gazebo in came Architects Timothy Haynes and Kevin Roberts renowned for transforming spaces into artistic Marvels and the renovations were nothing short of transformative the foyer saw its red orange American Cherry floor give way to a checkered pattern of deep burgundy marble and cream French limestone a nod to the Grandeur of British Estates the formal dining room was reimagined with antiqu mirrored walls enveloping the space in a soft inviting glow furthermore illumination assumes a crucial role throughout the home and the owners with their eclectic artistic tastes integrated Dynamic light features and vibrant panels from the mburg Hunts of maximilan a 16th century treasure while the renovations added modern flare they also respected the mansion's rich history original blueprints from 1929 and a long since deactivated telephone switchboard serve as nostalgic touch point points thus the experience of being in rock Fields is almost ethereal each door heavy with the weight of History opens to reveal Corners imbued with stories from the past making this Mansion a living breathing Monument to enduring love and Timeless Elegance in a grand study a wash with flickering Shadows Andrew Carnegie sits at a dark mahogany desk the room is nearly dark save for the small circle of light cast by an ornate oil lamp the year is 1889 and outside the window the Pittsburgh steel mills are Ablaze lighting up the night sky like the stars glimmering above the scotsman's palacial estate however inside a different kind of Inferno Burns it is the fire of an idea that will change the course of American history with a clenched jaw and eyes gleaming with resolve carnegi leans forward gripping his quill as if it were a sword as he scribbles intently he hesitates suddenly feeling the weight of the next sentence after taking in a deep reflective breath the magnate finally writes his declaration for the ages the man who dies Rich dies disgraced relieved Carnegie puts down his pen contemplating the magnitude of the words he has just committed to paper it is indeed a declaration that will reverberate through generations shaking the foundations of American capitalism now in our 21st century economic climate the concept of old money signifies not just wealth but the enduring Legacy of families who have maintained and even greatly expanded their fortunes for Generations but what happens when a family intentionally breaks this cycle of generational wealth and gives away their billions on purpose thus consciously pushing their status back down to the middle class in this episode of old money luxury we will explore this exact Enigma Guided by the ideology of their patriarch Andrew Carnegie the Carnegie family went from amassing a colossal fortune that for a a Time crowned him the world's richest man to strategically giving away more than $5.6 billion in today's currency with that mystifying Prelude as a backdrop join us as we now recount the entire Saga and describe how the carnegies went from old money to no money our journey first begins on the Misty Lanes of dun firm Line Scotland where Andrew Carnegie first saw the light of day in 1835 born to No Ordinary Family young Andrew's lineage was steeped in The Humble craft of weaving a tradition nourished by his father William Carnegie and his paternal grandfather the maternal side of his family tree branched off in a different direction Andrew's mother Margaret Morrison Carnegie hailed from a line deeply involved in tanning and shoe making however she was not merely a homemaker but rather the daughter of George lorder a political stalwart who ensured young Andrew's mind was sparked by the heroics of Scottish Legends like Robert the BR Bruce Rob Roy and William Wallace the Carnegie family's daily life was framed by the quaintness of their Weaver Cottage and the looming presence of the Industrial Revolution a transformative period that remodeled Scotland's social Fabric and economic Vitality dunfermline itself was a hub of textile manufacturing but the family's fortunes dimmed as Factory systems replaced traditional handlooms this decline subjected Weavers like William Carnegie to financial hardships casting Shadows of poverty over their lives yet William was not just a weaver caught in the crossfire of industrialization he was a passionate advocate of the chartist movement which called for broad political and social reforms on the other side Margaret Morrison Carnegie's family was also politically active adding another layer to Andrew's inherent views on social responsibility but how did the teenaged Andrew navigate through a world shifting under his feet the answer lies in his relentless pursuit of self-education formal schooling took a backseat as Andrew leaned into books and night school supported by a family tradition that valued intellectual rigor and political activism libraries became his sanctuaries thanks to Uncle George's introductions to literary masterpieces and historical narratives these early experiences seeded his Lifelong Love for libraries and a philanthropic fervor to construct these reservoirs of knowledge across English-speaking countries but Scot 's Industrial Revolution would soon not just alter the nation's economy it would birth complex societal structures trigger Urban migration and lead to governmental reforms amidst this tumult it became clear that the Carnegie family needed to seek greener pastures and to that the burgeoning magnetic Allure of the American dream the notion that in the United States you can make it big through sheer grit and Enterprise and we arrive at the year 1848 when the carnegies decide to pack up their hopes and dreams cross the Atlantic and settle in alagan City Pennsylvania here they would hope to find not just economic sustenance but a stage upon which young Andrew could shape his indomitable Destiny now the Carnegie family had deliberately chosen alagan the budding industrial suburb of Pittsburgh for its abundant economic prospects during this period in the mid 19th century America was a crucible of change fueled by Manifest Destiny and the California Gold Rush of 1849 the nation itself was also on the cusp of an industrial revolution transitioning from agricultural Simplicity to Industrial complexity alany specifically was a mosaic of diverse communities including Germans and croats and offered a plethora of job opportunities in sectors like commercial trading meat packing and leather tanning however despite these favorable conditions the Carn faced initial hardships William Carnegie's weaving business faltered forcing 13-year-old Andrew into the laborious role of a bobbin boy in a cotton mill where he would work 72-hour weeks for a modest $120 per hour roughly $168 a month in today's currency but not one to be confined by menial tasks Andrew navigated through a series of roles that laid the foundation for his later Empire positions such as messenger secretary and teleg operator for the Pennsylvania Railroad served as an informal education in corporate structure and strategy his affiliation with the railroad industry was particularly instructive it offered lessons in management and cost optimization as well as invaluable connections with industry giants like Thomas a Scott and Jay Edgar Thompson these associations helped Carnegie secure early Ventures like the Keystone Bridge Company critical to the railway infrastructure subsequently the Civil War War Amplified Carnegie's already diversifying portfolio especially with his stake in the Colombia Oil Company the conflict skyrocketed demand for both iron and oil boosting his profits although eligible for military service he opted to pay a substitute $850 or roughly $20,000 modern dollars to enlist in his stad a common practice among the affluent and by the early 1870s Carnegie had Diversified his Investments across a broad spectrum his real breakthrough came in 1873 with the recognition of Steel's untapped potential notably he initiated the construction of the Edgar Thompson Works in bradoock Pennsylvania a groundbreaking facility introducing the besser steel making process to America costing an estimated 1.2 million or roughly $30 million in modern currency the mill was a high stakes bet on an unproven sector yet the gamble yielded significant dividends as the facility didn't just Elevate steel production standards it fundamentally altered the fabric of American industry in the Years following Carnegie further expanded and integrated his business Holdings including significant assets like the Scotia or mines Union iron Mills and Lucy furnaces this methodical combination of resources and production capacities set the stage for the emergence of the PowerHouse that became Carnegie steel company in 1889 now by the dawn of the 1890s Andrew Carnegie was firmly established as an industrial Colossus presiding over a domain that extended well beyond the furnaces of his steel operations his Carnegie Steel company was the Bedrock of global steel production redefining benchmarks for both efficiency and profit during his financial Peak Carnegie was an indomitable force in American Enterprise amassing his immense wealth chiefly through steel production Endeavors his holding things were extensive comprising a diverse array of investments from lucrative real estate to varied business ventures one significant acquisition was Scotland's skebo Castle in 1899 which he transformed into a tranquil Retreat far from the industrial hustle you see Carnegie's Monumental success was rooted in two pillars Innovative techniques and shrewd business Acumen his Playbook included various methods aimed at ensuring Carnegie steel remained an industry leader vertical integration strategic merges and an uncompromising attention to cost efficiency were among them for example vertical integration was foundational to his business approach he took ownership of entities along different stages of the steel making process from iron or mines to railway companies this endtoend control enabled him to dramatically lower production costs while simultaneously optimizing operations for greater efficiency his expansionary Ambitions were further realized through mergers and Acquisitions notably the union of assets with HC Frick and Company in 1892 this move fortified the Carnegie Steel company giving him greater leverage over both the marketplace and the supply chain an unwavering dedication to operational efficiency led him to adopt the Bessa process significantly quickening steel production while driving down costs this made steel more affordable and accessible altering the American landscape by facilitating the construction of Bridges skyscrapers and expansive Railway systems however this Zeal for efficiency occasionally came at the cost of Labor welfare the introduction of cuttingedge technology and methods often preceded adequate safety measures this tension came to a head in the Homestead Strike of 1892 a violent Skirmish between workers and management that resulted in 12 deaths and created an enduring fissure between labor and Leadership Henry Clay Frick who was the muscle of Carnegie steel at the time instigated the conflict through wage reductions while Carnegie was geographically removed quietly waiting back in Scotland he had empowered Frick to act unilaterally leading to a violent standoff that left an indelible scar on his otherwise stored Legacy indeed this harrowing incident triggered a significant self- Reckoning for Carnegie ultimately inspiring his Gospel of wealth philosophy this ideological shift diverged markedly from his peers prevailing perspectives emphasizing not just the ownership but also the ethical stewardship of wealth published initially in 1889 the thesis proposed that affluence carried a moral duty to benefit Society at large transitioning from Theory to action Carnegie would subsequently Channel his resources into philanthropy laying the groundwork for educational institutions public libraries and other community focused entities however his philanthropic master stroke would first need an exit strategy From the Rough and Tumble business world of Industrial Age America and therefore he would need a powerful Ally to help strategically guide him out of the corridors of Ruthless Gilded Age Finance now at the turn of the 20th century when the American steel industry was the backbone of a rapidly modernizing economy legendary financier and Machiavellian businessman JP Morgan saw an unparalleled opportunity Steel was not just a commodity it was the lifeblood of industrializing cities the burgeoning Auto industry and wartime production during World War I by acquiring Carnegie steel Morgan could craft the United States Steel Corporation in His image a monolithic entity that at the time was the world's largest company this acquisition enabled Morgan to Corner the steel market and exploit The Soaring demand for this vital resource thus the 1901 sale of Carnegie steel to JP Morgan for an astonishing $480 million equivalent to over 13 billion in today's money was more than just a business transaction it provided Andrew Carnegie with the Financial Muscle to massively escalate his philanthropic activities in sync with his own moral guidelines encapsulated in his Gospel of wealth with this philosophy as his North Star and seemingly endless cash in the bank after the sale of his Empire Carnegie proclaimed that the affluent were morally obligated to to disperse their wealth in their lifetime and this sale armed him with the capital to make a transformative societal impact Keg's subsequent laress left an indelible mark on multiple sectors education peace initiatives and scientific research to name a few among his most enduring contributions were the Carnegie libraries a Global Network of more than 2,500 public libraries indeed his advocacy for public libraries came at an opportune moment when the American public library system was in its nent stage meeting the growing need for accessible knowledge consequently these libraries were a catalyst for education and self-improvement across diverse populations and they ushered in a new era of knowledge democratization local communities soon became the financial pillars of these libraries providing about 80% of Public Funding furthermore Carnegie's focus on libraries spurred a ripple effect inspiring other local philanthropists to invest in their communities these libraries were not just buildings filled with books they were Innovation hubs that enriched their localities and continue to serve their communities today Beyond libraries Carnegie's Financial Legacy led to the founding of educational behemoths like Carnegie melon University an institution renowned for its contributions to science technology engineering and Mathematics additionally Carnegie Hall in New York City stands as an emblem of his patronage in the Arts this iconic concert venue has been a stage for countless musical Legends and continues to uphold its reputation as an architectural and cultural Jewel however the sale of Carnegie steel also had ramifications for Carnegie's personal fortune in keeping with his views on wealth dispersion Carnegie systematically drained nearly all of his family's Financial reservoirs now in 1919 Andrew Carnegie's death led to a circumspect distribution of his considerable assets personal belongings a financial endowment and real estate properties among them a New York City townhouse and a Scottish vacation home his spouse Louise Whitfield Carnegie a New York native had encountered Andrew at the age of 23 thanks to her father the two marked in 1887 at an intimate ceremony subsequent to Louise signing a prenuptual contract that waved any future claim on Andrew's wealth and Louise frequently depicted as a person of kindness and moral caliber had a prominent role in Andrew's altruistic Pursuits as a board member of the Carnegie Corporation following Andrew's demise she remained an active participant in the family's philanthropic Ventures Margaret Carnegie Miller their sole child inherited a modest trust fund compelling the family to part with the Manhattan residents due to maintenance expenses born and raised in New York City Margaret we Roswell Miller Jr in 19 19 they had four Offspring before their marriage disintegrated in 1953 Margaret served on the board of the Carnegie Corporation from 1934 until 1973 and remained an honorary trustee for life until her passing in 1990 now the 13 subsequent descendants of Andrew Carnegie have not accumulated billionaire status but have thrived within the financial bracket of accomplished middle class to upper middle class professionals Investments in diverse sectors like real estate and Technology have been judiciously managed philanthropy too is an enduring family Hallmark William Thompson a great-grandson exemplifies this having navigated personal setbacks such as his mother Louis's polio to perpetuate the family's charitable Legacy as former chair and honorary president of the Carnegie UK trust he oversaw the yearly allocation of1 million to assorted causes admirably in the 21 first century era of intense public scrutiny and a mass media obsession with wealth the carnegies have kept impressively low profiles thorough internet searches on their lives reveal little social media platforms are devoid of family references to the point where it's unlikely you'll find pictures of or even the full names of many living Carnegie family members such obscurity is indeed cultivated and cherished by this legendary Clan reflecting their old money ethos that prioritizes discretion over publicity where new money types May seek public affirmation through visible philanthropy or social media the Carnes exemplify different ethics they have opted for a near invisible public Persona contrasting sharply with the transparent Lifestyles common among contemporary wealthy individuals the preservation of privacy has thus become a family trait and it adds another dimension to an already multifaceted family narrative Andrew Carnegie was a public figure but his HS have largely retreated from the spotlight and the headlines exemplifying a thoughtful navigation between the twin demands of affluence and social responsibility in today's world in a dimly lit hushed room swirling with cigar smoke JP Morgan sat like a king on his throne emanating an aura of unassailable power across from him political candidate William McKinley's face was etched with lines of worry and exhaustion visibly burdened by the sinking reality that his president presidential dreams could soon disintegrate into dust the year was 1896 and America stood at a political precipice you see McKinley's campaign was gasping for financial life teetering on the edge of insolvency sensing the moment's gravity Morgan unceremoniously produced a staggering check instantly lifting the weight from McKinley's shoulders and infusing Newfound hope into his weary eyes with that Monumental Financial Lifeline Morgan didn't just rescue McKinley's campaign he essentially bought himself a president indeed the sheer Audacity Of The Act is mind-boggling imagine a single private citizen with the clout and resources to effectively install a US president forever cementing his influence into the core of the American establishment however in some ways Morgan wasn't an anomaly but rather the crowning Jewel in a lineage whose name has become an a inspiring symbol of American affluence and Dominion for over two centuries the Morgans have have stood as Larger than Life figures their reach extending from early Merchant Endeavors to contemporary Financial juggernauts like JP Morgan Chase Morgan Stanley and Morgan grenfell without a doubt this old money family hasn't just participated in the creation of modern America they are some of its primary Architects and patrons in today's video at Old Money luxury join us as we retell the entire family Saga from their Maritime Merchant ancestors through JP Mor the man who essentially invented American Finance as we know it all the way to recent members you can find on social media with parents on reality television it's quite the story we'll tell you with that said let us begin from their initial voyage across the storm tossed Atlantic in 1636 the Morgan Family have established themselves as integral elements in the American narrative from the very beginning departing the 17th century Welsh Countryside they sought the verden possibilities of the then Massachusetts Bay Colony Guided by an intoxicating blend of zeal and the Quest for an unblemished life their ancestor miles Morgan initially settled in Roxbury Massachusetts before recognizing the greater opportunities that Springfield presented at the time he took on various roles Warrior farmer and revered Community figure and attempt to provide pivotal contributions to a colonial society in its infancy given such a backdrop having ancestors here longer than the country has been in existence sometimes called having American founding stock lineage it is likely that the Morgans do not see themselves as mere citizens but as a seminal part of the American founding pedigree over decades this self-perception probably Kindles both an exalted pride and a ceaseless ambition with each successive generation perceiving itself as the custodian of An ancestry that had its roots in the earliest Colonial vessels this s of Duty has thus served as an impassioned Catalyst for their various exploits be it military service commercial Ventures or their conspicuous role in the social strata therefore as history's Pages continued to unfur the Morgans continued to evolve from local Merchants to Dynamic participants in America's fight for independence and economic self-sufficiency a quintessential portrait of this evolution is Joseph Morgan Junior the illustrious great-grandson of Miles Morgan holding the rank of Captain in the Massachusetts militia Joseph was therefore an active participant in the drama of the American Revolutionary War not merely an observer postwar Joseph ventured into the bustling commercial sphere of Connecticut there he operated a diverse array of Enterprises a Tavern Coffee House and Stage Coach Line before co-founding the Etna fire insurance company in 1819 indeed this endeavor has a legacy that reverberates even today Etna has evolved into a colossal entity its roots deep ly embedded in the soil of American Business history in 1835 a etner under Joseph's Direction experienced a windfall covering the damages sustained by Wall Street firms during the Great Fire of New York the decisive moment arrived when Joseph purchased the stakes of hesitant Etna investors promptly dispersing Insurance payouts to the baged banks this Swift action cemented eta's reputation on Wall Street and catapulted its premiums in subsequent years therefore Joseph's commercial triumphs represent a pivotal moment in Morgan history he was the first family member to be intricately involved with a corporate Titan that continues to exert considerable influence today to put this into a bird's eyee view perspective the Morgans have thus been business Pioneers longer than the United States has even been a country now Paving the way for future Generations Joseph would sire a son Junius Spencer Morgan destined to become another influential family figure on the Global Financial stage born in Holio Massachusetts in 1813 to Joseph and Sarah Morgan as was common for entrepreneurial young men of the time Junior skipped the hallowed Halls of University Instead at the age of 16 he apprenticed himself to Alfred Wells a Boston Merchant Banker for the next 5 years Junius gained invaluable experience in the mertile and banking spheres absorbing the intricacies of the financial sector in both Boston and New York you see Junius was in initially drawn to the sphere of business out of a keen sense for opportunity and an innate knack for numbers more than a little influenced by the American ethos that equated financial success with virtue yet for all his prowess Junius faced numerous challenges his Ventures notably in the formation of JS Morgan and Company were examined through the lens of ethical inquiry critiques often emerged about the firms investments in Enterprises of a morally ambiguous nature Industries built on the backs of underpaid labor and deals that perpetuated social inequality though junius's Financial Mastery was beyond reproach it existed in a delicate interplay with ethical questions that resisted fasile resolutions in 1854 he subsequently embarked on a transformative chapter uprooting himself to London a calculated move underpinned by a mange of ambition and practicality at that time London was the pulsating heart of global finance and trade providing Junius a grander stage to magn if y his undertakings in this teeming Metropolis he confronted an intricate tapestry of challenges for example America's burgeoning economic protectionism at the time often clashed with Britain's entrenched advocacy for free trade on the flip side Britain kept a Vigilant eye on the fledgling United States concerned that its Global Supremacy could be threatened by American ascendancy Junius became the dynamic head of the firm in 1859 while Peabody remained the symbolic senior part partner he then inserted himself into London's High Society hosting opulent Gatherings at his residences near Hyde Park and in rampton and although junius's Peabody and Company had considerable involvement in the transatlantic cotton trade their Core Business lay in relationships with eastern US Banks and railroad companies this strategic alignment allowed them to remain somewhat insulated from the direct implications of American slavery a contentious issue that gripped many london-based banks at the time time therefore during the tumultuous years of the American Civil War Junius aligned his interests with the Union The Firm capitalized on this Allegiance trading Union war bonds to astonishing profits thus nestled amidst these geopolitical tectonics and economic dissonances Junius evolved into an invaluable liaison between American magnets and their European counterparts he found himself in mesed in the complex interplay of British American trade negotiations and international diplomacy but as Junius and his associates deafly navigated the intricacies of international finance through JS Morgan and Company they could scarcely have foreseen that the Legacy they were building would not merely endure but would be monumentally Amplified by the Next Generation through his son born in 1837 John Pier Pont Morgan's path to financial Eminence appeared practically pre-ordained under the rigorous guidance of his aforementioned father Junior Spencer Morgan his upbringing was a fusion of privilege deliberate strategizing and a unique set of hardships you see Junius was unrelenting in his expectations pushing his son to excel in every aspect of life this demanding upbringing had its own difficulties as John Pier Pont was burdened not only by his father's Monumental pressures to succeed but also by a recurrent skin ailment rosaia which would accompany JP Morgan throughout his life furthermore this facial condition not only scarred him physically but also influenced how he presented himself to the world because of his skin issues Morgan was selective about how he was photographed often favoring profiles that lessened the visual impact of his facial challenges yet what many perceived as a facial anomaly became in some ways an asset in a ruthless business World his imposing countenance partly a result of his skin condition became legendary for intimidating competitors and Associates alike it was as if his Visage mirrored the formidable unyielding nature of his character now to mold his son into a refined Cosmopolitan individual Junius sent Young Morgan to a medley of educational institutions from the Episcopal Academy in Connecticut to the University of Gottingen in Germany Morgan's educational Journey was as broad as it was Elite this eclectic upbringing served as the Cornerstone for a life destined to leave an unforgettable mark on the American Business landscape framing not only his capabilities in finance but also his nuanced understanding of art languages and the complexities of human life however JP Morgan's early career wasn't without controversy particularly during the Civil War years viewing the war itself not as a Calamity but as a lucrative Venture Morgan dabbled in the morally murky Waters of War profiteering one episode that particularly stands out as emblematic of Morgan's contentious actions is the infamous Hall carbine Affair in this Venture Morgan financed the acquisition of 5,00 surplus rifles each costing a mere $3.50 these Firearms were subsequently sold to Union forces at a hefty profit illustrating his willingness to capitalize on the nation's fractured State such Maneuvers would cast a long Shadow over his illustrious career sculpting The Narrative that painted him as a cold-hearted capitalist ready to profit from a nation torn aunder additionally another noteworthy episode during the war occurred when JP Morgan's father received the crucial news of the Fall of Vicksburg before it was common knowledge in London's Financial circles utilizing Telegraph Communications with his son John Pierpont in New York Junior Spencer was alerted to this pivotal event in the American Civil War ahead of his competitors armed with this Advance intelligence the Morgans astutely seized the opportunity to buy up Union war bonds before their prices soared with the Newfound optimism for the union cause this precient move not only swelled their coffers but also showcased the Morgan family's uncanny knack for exploiting realtime information further consolidating their commanding presence in the intricate theater of Finance such episodes marred by ethical dilemas yet undeniably shaping his path contributed to the complex Legacy that the early Morgans would leave behind they reveal a group not just of immense influence and financial Acumen but also ones who tread the blurry line between opportunism and the darker facets of capitalism now in 1871 JP Morgan's career took a Monumental turn with the formation of Drexel Morgan and Company a venture with Philadelphia financier Anthony Joseph Drexel operating as an agent for European investments in the United States the company played a pivotal role in reshaping the American economy which until then had a robust Market mainly for railroads and canals to be clear Drexel Morgan and Company wasn't just successful it was transformative and it revitalized the American Securities Market market and expanded the national capital Market but the company faced its fair share of controversies often labeled as a symbol of greed and unchecked corporate power however at the dawn of the 20th century John Pierpont Morgan found himself on the cusp of orchestrating what would become his financial Master stroke driven by an unquenchable thirst for consolidation and a vision of a streamlined globally competitive American steel industry Morgan aimed to achieve what no one before him had dared the for formation of the world's first billion doll Corporation the audacious Venture took form as us steel a behemoth birthed from the amalgamation of federal Steel company and Andrew Carnegie's steel Leviathan Morgan's strategic calculations were astute by creating us steel he sought to capture untapped economies of scale thereby bolstering the competitiveness of American Steel on the global stage indeed the Maneuvers he employed to pull this off were as complex as they were daring through skillful negotiations a knack for understanding corporate value and an unparalleled network of contacts Morgan managed to convince key stakeholders that consolidation was the path to Future profit and National prominence yet this Monumental accomplishment did not Escape scrutiny critics were quick to denounce us steel as a monopoly a dominating force that not only sought to control steel production but also aspired to wield undue influence over affili Industries such aggressive labor policies and a voracious appetite for control fanned the Flames of public debate the controversy that enveloped us steel would echo in the chambers of policy makers playing a significant role in shaping antitrust laws and labor rights for years to follow indeed even as his Titanic achievement with us steel stirred turbulent Waters of public discourse and legislative apprehension JP Morgan managed to sail relatively unscathed his cultivated social prominence and intricate web of influential connections interwoven with a nuanced understanding of legal boundaries afforded him a buffer from the severest of societal and legal reprisals however after the Monumental creation of us steel Morgan would not rest on his Laurels he subsequently continued to be a dominant force in American Finance playing critical roles in stabilizing the US economy during periods of financial Panic notably his intervention in the Panic of 1907 showcased his immense influence as he personally orchestrated a bailout of sorts convening with other Titans of Industry to prevent a broader economic collapse additionally as a patron of the Arts he amassed an extensive collection including rare books and manuscripts further etching his influence on American culture But as time wore on Morgan began to prepare for the inevitable passing of the torch though he would never completely step away from the Empire he had built he started laying the groundwork for the Next Generation his son JP Morgan Jr would therefore inherit not just a business but an entire ethos a philosophy of financial influence social prominence and yes the intricate dance with public scrutiny and legislative oversight now each successive generation of Morgans made its own unique contributions to the family Legacy born as The Heir Apparent the aforementioned John Pier Pont Morgan Jr commonly known as Jack attended prestigious Institution tions like St Paul's School and Harvard College before following in his Father's Footsteps in both finance and philanthropy later Jack's high stakes involvement in World War I would display an uncanny resemblance to his father's actions during the American Civil War as his firm became the sole supplier of Munitions for the Allies he facilitated massive loans and Supply agreements with the British and French governments earning a staggering 1% Commission on $3 billion while these transactions significantly funded the war effort and brought him enormous Prestige they also attracted criticism he was accused of influencing American foreign policy for personal gain specifically allegations suggested he pushed the us closer to joining the war to safeguard his extensive Investments therefore this duality of financial success marred by ethical questioning echoed his father's controversial business choices during the Civil War both men leveraged National conflict as a springboard for immense profit and both faced public public scrutiny for their willingness to capitalize on such Grim circumstances furthermore the Morgans were seminal in the founding of America's Central Bank the Federal Reserve System in 1913 after the aforementioned Panic of 1907 revealed the fragility of the US Financial system JP Morgan senior played a key role in conceptualizing a centralized banking structure the family's influence therefore pervaded the Federal Reserve architecture triggering debate over the extent to which private banking interests had molded public policy soon thereafter the Great Depression wed havoc on John Pier Pont Morgan Jr's Financial Empire causing his assets to sharply decline from a staggering $74 million to a lesser 425 million adding fuel to the fire was the Senate's pakora hearings in 1932 which served as a catalyst for public animosity against Wall Street Titans with Morgan Jr becoming a symbol of a flawed and failing Financial system these hearings thereby crystallized The public's image of Morgan Jr as someone who opportunistically profited during periods of economic hardship further intensifying the scrutiny his family had long been under additionally amidst this turbulent backdrop Morgan Stanley was founded in 1935 conceived as a direct response to the glass steagle act which mandated the separation of commercial and Investment Banking activities the company was meant to carry on the Morgan family's Investment Banking operations specifically Sturgis Morgan a grandson of JP Morgan was among its co-founders the Inception of Morgan Stanley thus served a dual purpose it not only complied with new federal regulations but also provided a pathway for the Morgan Legacy to adapt and persist in a drastically altered Financial landscape therefore the Morgan Legacy wouldn't end with Junior it would continue with his grandchildren JP Morgan III and Henry Sturgis Morgan United in their business Acumen they additionally fused two banking powerhouses Morgan guarantee Trust Company of New York and JP Morgan and Company to birth Morgan guarantee trust which swiftly ascended the ranks to become a dominant Global financial institution this institution found itself in a complex geopolitical web during the Cold War era as Morgan garanti trust was intricately tied to significant corporations both within the United States and globally it couldn't escape scrutiny questions over the bank's vast influence and the eth iCal considerations surrounding its Global footprint became subjects of intense discussion rolling into the 1980s the Morgan lineage widened its Financial Focus by venturing into diverse investment channels alongside they Amplified their charitable work through Ventures like the Morgan Family Fund and the Morgan library and Museum these altruistic efforts could not fully silence lingering questions about the source of their colossal wealth a scrutiny intensified by the families by then one 100-year involvement in Wartime profiteering and strategic corporate maneuvering now the turn of the Millennium saw another Milestone when JP Morgan and Company United with Chase Manhattan Corporation this merger created a financial Juggernaut raising eyebrows around antitrust issues nevertheless such concerns were eventually sidelined allowing this new entity to consolidate its formidable status in global banking as of the last few years the Morgan Family remains firm rooted in the echelons of old money albeit in a somewhat unexpected Manner and not always in a quiet wealth kind of fashion one example includes John Adams Morgan who tied the knot with fashion designer and reality TV star Sonia Morgan in 1998 they have a daughter Quincy Adams Morgan who has mostly been kept away from the public eye however pictures of her are easily found on social media Quincy recently graduated Suma Kum Lai from the University of Pennsylvania in 2023 before moving to Los Angeles to ostensibly find A New Path simultaneously keeping to the old money principle of intermarriage between noble families there is actually an entire segment of the Morgan Dynasty who are members of the British aristocracy you see Mary Lyman Morgan Burns a sister of JP Morgan Had A Daughter Mary Ethel who married into the illustrious harkort family by becoming VI Count's harkort in 1899 indeed the name harkort has been a fixture in British history going as far back as the 1100s over the centuries the harkort family has amassed considerable influence in various sectors most notably in politics and diplomacy further cementing the Morgan foray into British aristocracy Cynthia Mary Burns related to the family through Walter Spencer Morgan Burns married Sir John Gan Karu pole 12th baronet in 1928 the pole baronetcy is addition Ally one of the oldest in England with a lineage dating back to the early 1600s with roots in both politics and military service therefore the story of the Morgans is a fascinating Odyssey from Humble Maritime Merchants to powerful financiers who shaped epochs with tentacles reaching into the creation of America's Financial infrastructure intricate engagements in global conflicts and connections to British aristocracy their influence is as complex as it is vast and as if to put a Cher on top they've also become household names in the nation's most essential financial institutions thus in many ways the Morgans encapsulate the multifaceted dimensions of American Financial and political history embodying both the benefits and complications that come with immense power and wealth when thinking of American old money dynasties you may know families like the Rockefellers the kennedies and the Vanderbilts storied names that have adorned the country's cultural and political fabric yet lurking Behind These more publicized dynasties is The Saga of the Dupont family a lineage that arguably eclipses them all in wealth and influence now the dupants first burst onto the American scene in the early 1800s as French immigrants with a Keen Eye for the untapped promise of a burgeoning Nation While most stories of this era feature settlers striving for basic survival from the beginning the DuPont aimed higher a gunpowder Empire set in their sights and that's just the opening act as the 19th and 20th centuries rolled in so too did the DuPont levels of immense power and Prestige indeed the family delved into Arenas far beyond gunpowder chemicals Materials Science and even armaments but what happens when a family steeped on the brink of becoming old money has to learn how to navigate scandals Market crashes and the unyielding March of technological progress in today's episode of old money luxury we'll explain that and more as we we describe in sorted detail how the dupon family went from new money to Old Money our Saga commences in 1739 Paris where Pierre Samuel Dupont emerges a figure molded from Humble Origins yet infused with unrelenting ambition you see the mid 18th century in Paris was Rife with socioeconomic contradictions with the opulence of the aristocracy clashing with the impoverishment of the lower classes and all again against a backdrop of intellectual Enlightenment and cultural Awakening despite the austerity shadowing his early years Pierre Samuel's educational aspirations flourished nurtured by parents who recognized and fervently nurtured his intellectual propensities certainly from youth his intellectual curiosity was insatiable perhaps fueled by an internal drive to transcend his modest upbringing or possibly an innate quest to Fathom the intricacies of human society without a doubt this early Brilliance was particularly noticeable in areas like economics and philosophy disciplines that would later anchor the DuPont family's Monumental rise now Pierre Samuel soon entered the intellectual Crucible of the college def France a hub of progressive thought there he immersed himself in the advanced theories of his time methodically sculpting a formidable foundation in economics and philosophy and after years of studious investment his academic Endeavors bore fruit his seminal writings specifically those exploring the complex interplay between economic structures and human behavior became revolutionary texts in academic circles and these Works didn't merely garnish Applause they sparked fervent debates among Scholars and thinkers alike furthermore his scholarly achievements did more than win him academic Acclaim they propelled him into the corridors of political influence his essays and treatises earned him advisory roles to key figures within the French governments including ministers and perhaps perhaps even members of the Royal Court once there his insights shaped not only intellectual dialogues but also influenced practical policymaking making him a distinguished luminary of his time but as history evolved so did France's political backdrop the cataclysmic onset of the French Revolution in 1789 plunged the nation into a Vortex of volatility and while initially an advocate of revolutionary ideals Pierre Samuel's Faith waned as the movement spiraled into zealous accessor when he found himself incarcerated by the revolutionaries in 1797 the writing was on the wall France once a sanctuary had turned treacherous confronted with this Stark reality Pierre and thus the Dupont family undertook a momentous decision that would recast their fate they selected the United States as their sanctuary in 1799 strategically speaking this Choice wasn't driven by mere desperation but by a calculated Vision they perceived America as a crad of untapped potential a refuge where political perils could not shackle their Ambitions thus they set sail for a land draped in the promise of renewal yet the DuPont's journey to America was not without blemishes of Suspicion rumors circulated about their political alignments back in France some speculated that Pierre Samuel secretly sympathized with radical Jacobins notorious for leading the reign of terror however a scrutiny of historical accounts dispels these doubts in fact Pierre Samuel dupon was a figure of nuanced ideologies he neither espoused jacobine ruthlessness nor condoned monarchical rigidity he navigated a path in alignment with his principles rejecting both extremities in a life that was anything but ordinary now the early 1800s United States that the DuPont planted their flag in was a youthful Nation on the cusp of industrial emergence Pierre Samuel dupon then a French expatriate teeming with unyielding resolve had decided within just 3 years of setting foot on American soil to establish a venture the history books thus marked the 19th of July in the year 1802 as a momentous date that would Herald in the Inception of eii DuPont deur and Company furthermore the socioeconomic conditions of the era were propitious for DuPont's entrepreneurial leap into gunpowder manufacturing America's Westward Expansion coupled with escalating geopolitical tensions made the domestic production of the family's future Cash Cow product gunpowder not merely viable but indispensable moreover the US market was primarily reliant on British Imports revealing a gap that begged to be filled even today we can Envision a gunpowder Mill in Wilmington Delaware a daring Endeavor in a landscape where the complexities of gunpowder manufacturer loomed large at the time the British had firmly established themselves as the reigning Giants of this volatile trade nevertheless a Samuel dupon remained unwavering in his quest for a competitive stronghold his audacity to challenge established industrial might displayed his Acumen for business and an intrinsic understanding of market dynamics and in carving out this Niche Dupont not only offered a domestic alternative but also seized a chance to contribute to America's burgeoning self-reliance aligning his own destiny with that of a nation in ascendance now Pierre's recipe for Success extended Beyond mere ambition into the realm of astute strategy his chosen location by the Brandy Wine River was meticulously planned with the river offering the Dual advantage of powering the mill and facilitating an efficient distribution Network for his gunpowder products further complimenting this was Pierre Samuel's Relentless focus on quality he imported seasoned professionals from France ensuring that the company's operations were steered by expertise Cutting Edge Machinery became a signature feature of the mill setting it apart from competitors however the journey was not devoid of setbacks the War of 1812 temporarily bolstered demand but the post-war landscape was less forgiving forcing the company to diversify into Realms like black dye and sulfuric acid by the 1830s the focus sharply shifted Dupont pivoted his operations toward manufacturing black powder for leisure and sporting activities a high stakes bet that yielded significant dividends and the company soon emerged as the foremost lier of black powder within the United States but the Ingenuity didn't halt there in 1834 Dupont broadened his portfolio entering the textile industry with a new mill on the Brandy Wine River purposed for cotton yarn production this strategic move resonated with the rapid growth of America's textile sector and catapulted Dupont into a significant Market role in cotton yarn yet this part of the story is punctuated with ethical quandaries the 1840s saw Dupont becoming inesh in the American slave economy as slave labor was used in its cotton Mills and its gunpowder ended up in the Arsenal of slaveholders thus a dichotomy of moral stances existed within the company Pierre Samuel Dupont was an Ardent opponent of slavery whereas others like Ilia IR Dupont were slaveholders themselves however questionable ethics notwithstanding in the coming decades the DuPont lineage set forth their next major chess move one that would catapult them into the chalons of America's most powerful and affluent families now the American Civil War offered a critical juncture the Union Army was in dire need of gunpowder recognizing the opportunity the DuPont secured profitable contracts becoming an indispensable supplier in the war Machinery indeed the family didn't merely capitalize on this moment they revolutionized it with remarkable alacrity the DuPont expanded their produ uction capabilities to satiate the burgeoning demand by the cessation of hostilities they had ascended to become the globe's preeminent gunpowder manufacturer their coffers swelled marking their transition from wealthy entrepreneurs to American Financial aristocracy yet this Ascent was not without its dark clouds as the 19th century waned the DuPont Diversified their influence Beyond mere Commerce crafting a multi-pronged strategy to permeate political spheres for for instance one notable Milestone was the marriage of el ir dupond and Alise belan in 1890 Alice daughter of an esteemed Delaware politician functioned as a conduit providing the DuPont a direct line to Delaware's political sanctums however the family's tendrils extended well beyond state lines Henry alganon Dupont another San of the family took on a significant diplomatic role as the US minister to Italy from 1893 to 1897 these strategic affiliations and prestigious appointments were the cornerstones that anchored the DuPont family's political sway but Luminosity often draws shadows and the DuPont were no exception as they reveled in the financial windfall acur during the Civil War they faced allegations of War profiteering critics claimed that the family had exploited the Union's desperation levying exorbitant prices for their gunpowder supplies but the DuPont counted AER that their pricing was Equitable driven by the enormous demand rather than opportunistic greed nonetheless these claims left an unforgettable Mark prompting public skepticism and demanding increased transparency in their Enterprise but overall in navigating eras of War prosperity and controversy The Dupont family emerged not just as commercial magnates but as multifaceted puppeteers wielding considerable Authority in both corporate boardrooms and political Chambers as the calendar Pages flipped into the 20th century the DuPont family's fortunes and dilemas would evolve in parallel with a seesaw style existence of highs and lows that no one could have predicted now the outbreak of World War One offered the Dupont family yet another stage for their Mastery in explosives and gunpowder aligning with the Allied Forces they furnished indispensable War supplies from explosives to other key materials for the dupon once this was more than a commercial Endeavor it was a manifestation of patriotic Zeal Beyond supplying War materials the family deployed their considerable wealth to ignite a flame of nationalism for example they underwrote war bonds and spearheaded patriotic events that invigorated the American Spirit subsequently their dual role of fortifying National Defense and amassing immense profits was undeniable with the government willing to pay a premium for Quality War supplies the DuPont coffers burn urgent and in the Great Depression an Epoch marked by widespread Financial Devastation The Dupont family demonstrated Financial Acumen and resilience while many Enterprises faltered specifically their secret weapon was a canny investment in General Motors or GM initiated in the 1920s they had accumulated a dominant stake in GM by the decades end and despite the economic cataclysm that slashed sales in GM the DuPont remained unflinchingly committed to their investment with strategic cash injections and managerial Acumen they bued GM during the depression's bleakest hours their steadfast support wasn't merely optimistic it was a well-considered gamble that ultimately yielded lavish dividends as the American economy painstakingly resurrected itself The Fortunes of General Motors rebounded and the value of DuPont's stake soared correspondingly however the latter part of the 1930s and the early' 40s presented the DuPont with judicial hurdles that challeng challenged the very foundations of their empire accusations of breaching antitrust regulations specifically in their gunpowder and chemical Enterprises loomed large in response the family counted vigorously arguing that their operations were simply competitive strategies in a Cutthroat Market but the federal government had its own agenda in 1941 legal proceedings commenced against Dupont unfolding in a protracted battle that would last years eventually the government's unrelenting legal efforts culminated in the disassembly of the DuPont corporate structure into three distinct units leaving questions open to whether the DuPont name could last into the modern era next in the incipient years of the 1960s The Dupont family found themselves at the vortex of an environmental Maelstrom the ecological Fallout of their chemical operations was becoming increasingly hard to ignore with air and water pollution linked to a aling Health outcomes including cancer and initial attempts to dismiss these burgeoning concerns soon proved untenable in 1962 a watershed moment materialized as the family established a specialized Environmental Protection division funneling substantial resources into eco-friendly Technologies to align their internal ameliorations with public perception the DuPont launched an expansive public relations offensive through meticulous ad campaigns and strategic sponsorships they sought to project an image of corporate responsibility Keen to demonstrate their Bonafide commitment to environmental safeguarding by 1981 the DuPont Clan orchestrated a master stroke that echoed through business corridors a successful acquisition of Kono a leading energy firm indeed this strategic maneuver marked a seminal chapter in their diversification agenda and solidified their footprint in the flourishing energy sector the melding of Kono into the family's Industrial Empire provided an appreciable boost to their earnings and extended their Global reach looking at the Contemporary landscape the DuPont lineage continues to be a paragon of influence with tentacles spread across sectors like business philanthropy and governance yet the family's Journey has been punctuated with episodes of disquietude in the early 21st century the DuPont encountered A Renewed wave of scrutiny this time focused on the health implications of Teflon their iconic non-sti substance utilized in cookware scientific investigations revealed unsettling connections between Teflon and various Health disorders casting aspersions on the Family's Legacy initially defiant the DuPont eventually bowed to the weight of evidence acknowledging Teflon potential health hazards in 2005 a costly DeMent unfolded as the family consented to a sizable settlement $16.5 million dispensed to laborers exposed to Teflon toxicity this was coupled with pledges to recalibrate manufacturing protocols to minimize Teflon emissions while these upheavals cast a PA over their Prestige and dented Teflon sales the DuPont family's sustained influence remains indelible their capacity to navigate treacherous Waters whether environmental Financial or ethical cements their status as one of America's most important old money families thus from their initial Footprints in France to their groundbreaking Enterprises on American oil the family's contributions span a broad swath of domains chemical Innovations strategic Acquisitions environmental stewardship and even governance and philanthropy each generation of DuPont has imbued new facets to an already multifaceted Legacy renewing and refreshing the family's imprint on Myriad sectors their story stands as a paradigmatic example illustrating that even in the face of formidable challenges resilience and Ingenuity can carve a path to enduring relevance and influence

  Top Comments:
  1. @OldMoneyDocumentaries [54 likes]: For you, which Gilded Age family has the most interesting history?
  2. @alarikaguilar7543 [1 likes]: This is great video and refresher to social studies from elementary school lol!
  3. @USER-q6h1w [1 likes]: YEAH HENRY FORD WAS THE ONE WHO BUILT THE TRUCK'S FOR HITLER AND THE ROTHSCHILD WERE THE ONE'S WHO FINANCE THE WAR'S FOR HITLER A LOT OF AMERICAN'S COMPANY'S WERE HELPING HITLER TALK ABOUT TRAITOR'S AMERICAN'S AGAINST THEIR OWN U.S.A IT'S MIND BOGGLING HOW SOME 🤔 AMERICAN'S ARE QUICK TO BE TRAITOR'S NO LOYALTY JUST PURE BACK STABBING EVEN OUR GOVERNMENT IS AGAINST US AMERICAN'S THEY ARE NOT WITH US THEY ARE AGAINST THE PEOPLE WHO PUT THEM IN CONGRESS AND THE WHITE HOUSE AND NOW WITH THIS CLOWN 🤔 AND DICTATOR IT'S GOING TO BE 4 YR'S OF DRAMA AND CHAOS, ANXIETY THAT'S ALL THE CLOWN 🤡 IS STARTING TO DO ALREADY HE HAS NO PLAN'S FOR THE U.S.A HE'S GOING TO DO THE SAME THING HE DID WHEN HE WAS DICTATOR THE LAST TIME AGAIN THE CLOWN HAS NO PLAN'S 
WAIT AND SEE 👀...
  4. @AntonioPancu-s7x6d: Amazing video 💎
  5. @neves69: AI
  6. @Canthandlemepisces: The Rockefellers' are horrible human beings and your description of them is quite untrue. Charitable? Moral responsibility? They absolute took advantage of those in the most disadvantaged. Made their money off the backs of the destitute. Those charities, 10% tithing went back into their pockets as they "owned" those charities and churches to only wash their money. 

Men Who Built America on the History channel talked more in depth of their "charity" work.
  7. @Michelle77Va: Earas❓️‼️🤣🤣
  8. @danni744: This is so well resourced & informative, thank you! I just wish the voice were more friendly/less harsh
  9. @BoringRoyalHistory: Love this narrator!
  10. @janicepuderbaugh: Obviously written by someone with extremely limited understanding of American history. Astor is responsible for the Oregon trail???????
  11. @Ali-in-Wonderland.: I specialized in the Gilded Age for my history degree but it was the Gilded Age in America specifically and it was so incredible to see the advancements of knowledge and business within about a 40 year period between about 1880 through 1920 and a little bit into the 1920s but stopped abruptly in 1929 due to the stock market crash. But just during that short amount of time and coming from somebody who’s 36 years old and that’s basically my whole lifetime but not by much and to see how many advancements there were in so many different fields of education, medicine, social reform, etc. is what truly made it the golden years or the Gilded Age Despite it also referring to how the wealthy became even wealthier and lived a Gilded life some of them quite literally. I love going to the Vanderbilt estate and seeing in person what the gilded age produced in America and somewhat near me geographically. My grandfather when he came back from World War II which was in the 40s, but he did work for the Rockefeller family as a top Chef for many years before and after his service. At their estate in Maine or New Hampshire, I forget which he worked out, but he said he was always treated with dignity and the old money culture was just so different from what he was starting to see come around in American culture in the mid 20th century a.k.a. new money. Very fascinating time with extremely fascinating figures. There is literally the good the bad, the ugly and so much of Americanhistory wrapped up in such a short amount of time. I really highly recommend anybody who likes this video to continue to watch and learn about the Gilded Age because you really will never get bored of it. I promise.❤
  12. @StaceyThomas-fp1dw: 😂
  13. @morpar318: The thing that sucks is income tax was supposed to be temporary
  14. @NoirHammer: So, Astor senior was a butcher of meat in Germany and his son butchered animals for fur. Nice foundation for family wealth.
  15. @jspohl: Papier mache ceilings? That’s so funny. Btw. I’m really enjoying your writing for your videos. 

Everyone has an infinite stream of abundance and if you have faith every blessing flows easily. Tithing is very powerful because when you give it comes back many fold even if others agree or disagree with how you spend or give. This history and story is fascinating. The law of attraction and intention in action. Some people believe people have to ruthless to amass fortunes or take from others but it isn’t true. It’s in the knowing there’s an infinite stream of abundance for everyone and when we tap into it we also make the world more abundant. Whether it’s growing beautiful gardens or wealth and building beautiful things for the public. Money is just energy which comes from spirit like everything else and there is no limit. 

Today we see billionaires doing wonderful things. The Gates foundation has reversed the child mortality rate and things get better and better.

When it’s true abundance - no matter or how little people are happy and can enjoy it. And it attracts more.
  16. @bryanmelton5538: Were do people in the United States think someone who was smart and got rich owes u anything Get off ur welfare butts and goto work No one owes u nothing lazy
  17. @Playsinvain: If you like this….listen or read Upton Sinclair’s Metropolis
  18. @mridulmathur5932: I really wanna know about how they did it,
Is there a biography or something?
  19. @PatriciaBaughman-k4n: Taylor Sandra Johnson Anthony Martin Matthew
  20. @johnbrown6769: An extraordinary man who started out poor.  Envy anyone

- Zillow CEO Jeremy Wacksman: Affordability is still a challenge in the housing market: Kind: captions Language: en THE COMPANY REPORTING AN EPS AND REVENUE BEAT, BUT THE STOCK FALLING IN AFTER HOURS TRADING AS Q2 PROFIT GUIDANCE WAS LIGHT. PURCHASE LOAN ORIGINATION VOLUME DID SEE A NICE JUMP TO $1.5 BILLION. JOINING US NOW IN AN EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW BEFORE THE EARNINGS CALL IS ZILLOW CEO JEREMY WACKSMAN. JEREMY, GOOD TO SEE YOU. TALK A LITTLE BIT ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT YOU'RE FACING IN THE CURRENT QUARTER. >> YEAH, GREAT. GREAT TO BE HERE. THANKS FOR HAVING ME. Q1 WAS GREAT FOR ZILLOW. REVENUE UP 18% YEAR OVER YEAR. AS YOU MENTIONED, MORTGAGES A BRIGHT SPOT UP 56% YEAR OVER YEAR AND RENTALS GROWING 42% YEAR OVER YEAR. AND THE ENVIRONMENT YOU ASKED ABOUT, YOU KNOW, THE HOUSING MARKET RELATIVELY FLAT, BARELY ANY GROWTH IN Q1. AND WE'RE NOT SEEING MUCH RELIEF AHEAD IN Q2. >> OKAY. AND SO THAT'S WHAT ACCOUNTS FOR A LITTLE BIT OF THE CAUTIOUS GUIDANCE, I ASSUME, IN THE CURRENT QUARTER. I HAVE SEEN SOME NUMBERS FIRMING UP AT LEAST, YOU KNOW, HERE AND THERE IN TERMS OF TURNOVER VOLUMES. ON THE OTHER HAND, PRICES COMING DOWN. SO DO YOU HAVE A FORECAST OF HOW THAT MIGHT PLAY OUT THE REST OF THE YEAR? >> WELL, FOR US, IT'S IMPORTANT TO PUT Q2 IN CONTEXT, RIGHT. Q2 REVENUE GUIDANCE EXPECTATIONS 16% THE MIDPOINT. AGAIN AGAINST THAT FLAT EXPECTED HOUSING MARKET COSTS COMING IN MAYBE A LITTLE BIT LOWER THAN OR A LITTLE BIT WORSE THAN FOLKS WERE EXPECTING IN Q2. BUT LOOK OUT AT THE FULL YEAR. WE'RE ON TRACK FOR OUR FULL YEAR GOALS, MID-TEENS REVENUE GROWTH FOR THE FULL YEAR, EBITDA MARGIN EXPANSION, AND NET INCOME GROWING EVEN FASTER. IT'S JUST THAT THE SHAPE OF THE COST CURVE IN THE QUARTERS LOOKS A LITTLE DIFFERENT THIS YEAR THAN PRIOR YEARS. TO YOUR QUESTION ON THE HOUSING MARKET, I THINK THE CHALLENGE CONTINUES TO BE ONE OF AFFORDABILITY. WE'RE SEEING VERY MODEST GAINS IN TRANSACTION VOLUMES THIS YEAR IN THE HOUSING MARKET. THE UNCERTAINTY IN THE MACRO, I THINK, IS KEEPING BUYERS ON THE SIDELINES. YOU SAW A SLOWER START TO THE HOUSING MARKET THIS YEAR THAN MANY FOLKS WERE EXPECTING. BUT THE GOOD NEWS FOR ZILLOW IS WE'RE ABLE TO GROW RIGHT THROUGH THAT, RIGHT. WE'VE BEEN OUTGROWING THE HOUSING MARKET FOR THE LAST THREE YEARS. NOW. YOU SAW THAT DO THAT AGAIN IN Q1, AND WE'RE EXPECTING TO DO THAT AGAIN IN Q2. >> I'M WONDERING, JEREMY, IN THIS WORLD OF AI, YOU KNOW, HOW MUCH YOU ARE SPENDING ON TECHNOLOGY, HOW MUCH YOU'RE INVESTING IN IN IT AND HOW YOU SEE AI, BECAUSE I CAN GO INTO ANY SEARCH ENGINE AND SAY, SHOW ME HOUSES IN GREAT NECK, NEW YORK UNDER $1 MILLION, AND IT'LL LIST A BUNCH OF HOUSES AND I'LL CLICK ON IT AND IT MIGHT BE ZILLOW, IT MIGHT BE REDFIN, IT MIGHT BE SOMEPLACE ELSE. >> YEAH. AI, WE THINK, IS A TREMENDOUS TAILWIND FOR THE REAL ESTATE CATEGORY. IT'S GOING TO DIGITIZE THE ENTIRE TRANSACTION. AND THAT'S WHAT WE'RE DOING HERE AT ZILLOW. 80% OF OUR TRAFFIC COMES DIRECTLY TO US. THOSE FOLKS DON'T COME TO US BECAUSE OF A SEARCH QUERY, RIGHT? THEY COME BECAUSE ZILLOW PROVIDES A TRANSACTION PLATFORM, RIGHT? WE DON'T JUST HELP THEM FIND HOMES, WE HELP THEM GET PRE-APPROVED FOR MORTGAGES. WE HELP THEM BOOK TOURS, WE HELP THEM VIRTUALLY TOUR. WE ULTIMATELY HELP THEM FIND THEIR AGENT'S MESSAGE WITH THEIR AGENTS IN CLOSE. THAT'S WHAT DRIVES OUR BUSINESS. AND THAT PRODUCT OFFERING IS ONE THAT WE THINK GETS BETTER AND BETTER WITH AI, RIGHT? THE CONTENT THAT WE HAVE AT ZILLOW, THE CONTEXT ON THOSE BUYERS AND SELLERS WE HAVE AT ZILLOW, AND THEN INTEGRATING ALL THAT TOGETHER TO HELP CONSUMERS ACTUALLY TAKE ACTION. SO YES, THE QUERIES WILL ALWAYS COME FROM VARIOUS SOURCES, BUT THE REASON SO MANY BUYERS AND SELLERS COME DIRECTLY TO US AND USE OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES IS WE CAN HELP THEM ACTUALLY MOVE, HELP THEM BUY AND SELL AND RENT. >> WHAT PART OF THAT KIND OF FOOD CHAIN DO YOU DO YOU OWN WHAT'S PROPRIETARY IN TERMS OF YOUR RELATIONSHIPS THERE? >> YEAH. SO ZILLOW HAS THE MOST CONTENT IN THE CATEGORY, RIGHT? WE ARE THE ONLY ONES THAT HAVE THIS BROAD MEASURE OF RENTAL INVENTORY, EXISTING HOME FOR SALE INVENTORY AND NEW CONSTRUCTION INVENTORY. AND INCREASINGLY MORE OF THAT CONTENT IS UNIQUE TO US. MORE THAN 10% OF EXISTING FOR SALE LISTINGS NOW HAVE ZILLOW'S PROPRIETARY RICH MEDIA. THE 3D HOME TOURS, THE INTERACTIVE FLOOR PLANS, THE DRONE SKY

  Top Comments:
  1. @blueocea: Zoillow is a joke. I bought a condo in Seattle 8 years ago and did 100k in improvements and Zillow says it’s worth  less than what I paid for it. 🙄

- Independent voter cites 'UNBELIEVABLE' frustration ahead of midterms: Kind: captions Language: en >> Harris: WE BEGIN THIS WEEK OFFICIALLY SIX MONTHS OUT FROM MID-TERM ELECTION DAY. THERE WAS A LOT AT STAKE FOR REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS WHEN IT COMES TO THE PRESIDENT AND HIS AGENDA. THE GOP ADVANTAGE IN BOTH CHAMBERS ON THE HILL IS RAZOR THIN AND THE PUSH IS ON TO GROW THEIR MARGIN OF MAJORITY ON THE RIGHT. CONTROL OF THE U.S. HOUSE COULD GO ALMOST EITHER WAY WITH THE HISTORICALLY HIGH NUMBER OF RETIRING MEMBERS ON BOTH SIDES OF THE POLITICAL AISLE. A FIGHT OVER SOME OPEN SEATS, DEMOCRATS EXPRESSING OPTIMISM NOW OVER A CHANCE AS WELL TO FLIP THE SENATE BLUE. THE FIGHT IS ON. JUST SAT DOWN WITH EIGHT VOTERS SPANNING THE POLITICAL SPECTRUM. VOTERS' VOICES. IN THE FRONT ROW DAVID, A REPUBLICAN, SUSAN A DEMOCRAT, DOMINIC AN INDEPENDENT AND ANGELA A REPUBLICAN. LET'S MEET THE BACK ROW NOW. JAMES, DEMOCRAT, DAVID P., BECAUSE WE HAVE A COUPLE OF DAVIDS, REPUBLICAN. MARY JOSEPHINE, INDEPENDENT AND DAN A DEMOCRAT. AND HERE IS A LOOK AT HOW ALL THE VOTERS OVERALL ARE FEELING SIX MONTHS BEFORE ELECTION DAY. ON THE GENERIC CONGRESSIONAL BALLOT DEMOCRATS LEAD BY JUST UNDER SIX POINTS. WHEN IT COMES TO HOW VOTERS VIEW THE POLITICAL PARTIES REPUBLICANS HAVE THE ADVANTAGE. VOTERS SEE THE GOP MORE FAVORABLY BY A MARGIN OF THREE POINTS. MAJORITY HAVE A NEGATIVE VIEW OF BOTH POLITICAL PARTIES. I WANT TO GET A VIEW OF HOW YOU WILL VOTE. IN THE PAST, HOW MANY OF YOU HAVE REGULARLY VOTED IN A MID-TERM ELECTION? >> ALL RIGHT, NOT -- NOT EVERYBODY. HOW ABOUT THIS TIME AROUND? EVERYBODY VOTING? JUST ABOUT. ALL BUT ONE. SO I WILL COME TO YOU AND WANT TO KNOW WHAT HOLDS YOU BACK THIS TIME FROM VOTING. >> HONESTLY WHAT HAS BEEN HOLDING ME BACK IS I FEEL LIKE THE CHANGE THAT I WAS EXPECTING FROM THE PRESIDENT HIMSELF, I DON'T FEEL IN MY EVERYDAY LIFE, WHICH IS CONCERNING TO ME. I STILL FEEL OBVIOUSLY THAT PRICES ARE VERY, VERY, VERY HIGH AND IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE GROCERY STORE OR IN GENERAL. INFLATION STILL EXISTS. UNFORTUNATELY NOW WE HAVE THE HIGHER GAS PRICES, WHICH REALLY HURT EVERYDAY PEOPLE IN THEIR POCKET AND I VOTED MY ENTIRE LIFE AND THE FRUSTRATION RIGHT NOW IS JUST UNBELIEVABLE BECAUSE WHAT REALLY CHANGES? I JUST FEEL LIKE WE'RE JUST KIND OF STEERING THE SHIP IN THE SAME DIRECTION. >> Harris: THAT'S INTERESTING. MARY JOSEPHINE, YOU ARE DESCRIBED YOURSELF HOW YOU VOTE INDEPENDENT. YOU ARE INDEPENDENT FROM EITHER POLITICAL PARTY AND YOU JUST DON'T FEEL STRONG ABOUT ANY OF THE CHOICES RIGHT NOW. SUSAN, DO YOU AGREE WITH THAT? >> I THINK RIGHT NOW THE POLITICAL CLIMATE IS VERY DIVIDED. I THINK THAT AS I'M A DEMOCRAT BUT I THINK THAT A LOT OF THE INDEPENDENTS FEEL LEFT OUT. JUST A CLASSIC EXAMPLE. THEY CAN'T VOTE IN THE PRIMARY. HOW ARE YOU GOING TO, YOU KNOW, ENCOURAGE VOTER ACTIVITY IF THEY CAN'T EVEN VOTE IN A PRIMARY AND HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL NOVEMBER WHEN IN NEW YORK THE PRIMARY ALREADY DECIDES WHO THE CANDIDATE WILL BE IN OFFICE? >> Harris: A GOOD POINT. MY NOTES HAVE YOU AS A MODERATE DEMOCRAT. I'M CURIOUS, WHAT DOES THAT MEAN TO YOU RIGHT NOW? >> I FEEL -- I HAD THIS CONVERSATION WITH DOMINIC BEFORE WE CAME ON. A LOT OF INDEPENDENTS HAVE BEEN DISEN FRANCHISEED. I WAS A BILL CLINTON DEMOCRAT. THE FIRST PRESIDENT I VOTED FOR. AND I FEEL LIKE THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY HAS LOST ITS WAY. BUT I DON'T WANT TO BE AN INDEPENDENT BECAUSE THEN I CAN'T VOTE IN THE PRIMARY. SO I WANT TO STAY AS A DEMOCRAT BECAUSE I WANT TO BE ABLE TO VOTE. >> Harris: SO CRITICAL. THIS IS LIKE A FRESH PERSPECTIVE THIS MORNING BECAUSE A LOT OF TIMES INDEPENDENTS DON'T SPEAK UP ABOUT THAT. THEY JUST DON'T VOTE UNTIL THEY CAN BUT MARY JOSEPHINE YOU MAKE A GOOD POINT. YOU CAN'T GET WARMED UP TO VOTE BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT INCLUDED IN THAT PRIMARY PROCESS BY NAME. A RECENT GALLUP POLL SHOWS ECONOMIC ISSUES ARE DOMINATING WHEN IT COMES TO THE MOST IMPORTANT ISSUES TO VOTERS NOW. TOP MENTIONS INFLATION, ENERGY, HOUSING, HEALTHCARE. THE COST FOR ALL OF THEM. PEOPLE ARE CONCERNED ABOUT AND THOSE ACCOUNT FOR NEARLY 1/3 OF THE ANSWERS IN THE OPEN-ENDED SURVEYS THAT WE LOOKED AT. SO THAT'S INTERESTING. IF YOU JUST WRITE YOUR OWN ACTUALLY HEALTHCARE ACCORDING TO GALLUP BUBBLES UP TO THE TOP. DAVID IN THE FRONT ROW, I KNOW YOU ARE A REPUBLICAN. WHAT DO YOU SAY ABOUT THIS? >> I THINK IT COMES DOWN TO PRIORITIES. PEOPLE WANT TO SEE THE MESSAGING, THE LAWS AND EVERYTHING THAT COMES WITH IT REFLECT THE VOTERS' CONCERNS WHETHER IT'S HOUSING, HEALTHCARE. THEY WANT A LASER-LIKE FOCUS THAT THERE IS AN ATTEMPT TO GET SOME RELIEF. I FOCUS HAVE BEEN OFF. >> Harris: AFFORDABILITY, HOUSING, EDUCATION IN THAT ORDER. TALK TO ME. >> WELL, AFFORDABILITY IS NUMBER ONE BECAUSE IF YOU DON'T HAVE HOUSING, YOU KNOW, AND YOU FEEL LIKE THE PRICE OF FOOD AND THE PRICE OF GAS IS, YOU KNOW, STOPPING YOU FROM HAVING A BETTER STANDARD OF LIVING IT WILL BE A PROBLEM AND INFLUENCE THE WAY YOU VOTE AND HOW YOU FEEL. >> Harris: DAVID IN THE BACK ROW, ALSO REPUBLICAN I'M CURIOUS BECAUSE YOU ARE 21. YOU AND I HAVE BEEN TOGETHER BEFORE ELECTION NIGHT MANY TIMES AND WATCHING YOU GROW INTO A MAN. THAT IS A WONDERFUL BLESSING TO SEE. BUT I WANT TO ASK YOU AS YOU CONTINUE TO VOTE AS A YOUNG MAN AND LOOKING AT SOME OF THESE ISSUES, AFFORDABILITY HAS MANY IN YOUR AGE GROUP ON THE POLITICAL LEFT REALLY LURCHING TOWARD SOCIALISM. BUT YOU ARE NOT DOING THAT. >> THAT'S TRUE. I'M NOT. I THINK IT IS EASY TO SEE WHERE THE FRUSTRATION COMES FROM AND WHERE THE ANGER COMES FROM. I THINK THAT IN PART IS WHAT POWERED ZOHRAN MAMDANI TO HIS ELECTION AND WE NOW HAVE A SOCIALIST MAYOR OF NEW YORK CITY, WHICH I DON'T THINK A LOT OF PEOPLE WOULD HAVE PREDICTED A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO. YOU HAVE TO DIFFERENTIATE BETWEEN IDENTIFYING THE PROBLEM, WHICH IS THE AFFORDABILITY ISSUE, WHAT ARE THE RATIONAL SOLUTIONS. HOW DO WE DEAL WITH IT? WHAT IS THE CONSERVATIVE APPROACH AND THE MORE LIBERAL APPROACH? >> Harris: INTERESTING. JAMES, I WANT TO GET YOUR VIEW ON THIS IDEA OF HEALTHCARE, THOUGH. NEITHER PARTY HAS REALLY STEPPED UP AND SAID OKAY, THIS IS WHAT WE'LL DO. >> I WOULD SAY THAT, YOU KNOW, THIS ADMINISTRATION HAS SOMEWHAT HIGHLIGHTED, YOU KNOW, A LOT OF CONVERSATION AROUND VACCINATIONS, AROUND TAKING DYE OUT OF FOOD. MAKE AMERICA HEALTHY AGAIN. I WOULD LIKE TO SEE THE DEMOCRATS NOW CO-OP THAT CONVERSATION. I HAVE THREE YOUNG KIDS. I HAVE A 5-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER, 2-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER, AND FIVE MONTH OLD SON, MY WIFE BREAST FEEDS. THOSE KIND OF THINGS THAT HEALTH CONVERSATION IS IMPORTANT TO OUR HOUSEHOLD AND FRIENDS AS WELL. I LIKE TO SEE DEMOCRATS BE WHAT WILL WE DO NOW TO SAY LET'S HAVE A CONVERSATION WHAT HEALTH LOOKS LIKE IN NEIGHBORHOODS AND BLACK COMMUNITIES LIKE MINE THAT I GREW UP IN. >> Harris: FASCINATING. WHEN WE HAVE SAY HEALTHCARE I THINK MOST PEOPLE THINK THE COST OF IT BUT YOU ARE INTO THE NITTY-GRITTY. THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION GOT INTO THAT AND YOU WANT THAT FROM YOUR POLITICAL LEFT AS WELL. >> NOT LEFT. TAKE IT EASY. I'M MODERATE. >> Harris: BUT YOU ARE LEFT OF CENTER. >> I THINK THAT CONVERSATION BECOMES AS DEMOCRATS WE ARE GETTING THE KIND OF RECHANGING, RENAMING BEING A DEMOCRAT NOW AND I'M NOT LEFT, I'M RIGHT HERE IN THE MIDDLE OF BEING A >> Harris: I WILL MEET YOU WHERE YOU ARE. YOU SEEM TO ALL LIGHT UP ON THAT. MICHIGAN'S DEMOCRAT SENATE PRIMARY IS A GLARING EXAMPLE OF WHAT WE ARE SEEING FROM THE FAR LEFT DEMOCRAT CANDIDATES NOW. A GROWING PART OF THE PARTY. CRITICS ARE CALLING OUT MALLORY MCMORROW FOR DELETED POSTS TRASHING RURAL AMERICANS IN HER OWN STATE. DEMOCRAT RIVAL ABDUL EL SAYED HAS GOTTEN A LOT OF ATTENTION WITH DISGUSTING COMMENTS. OFFENSIVE COMMENTS ABOUT VICE PRESIDENT VANCE'S WIFE AND CHILDREN. IN MAINE MODERATE DEMOCRAT JANET MILLS JUST DROPPED HER SENATE BID PAVING THE WAY FOR FAR LEFT GRAHAM PLATNER. HE IS FACING CRITICISM FOR PAST CONTROVERSIAL POSTS AND COVERED TATTOO THAT RESEMBLES A NAZI SYMBOL. YOU WOULDN'T CONFUSE IT WITH ANYTHING ELSE. IF YOU STILL THINK THE DEMOCRAT PARTY IS NOT LURCHING TOWARD SOCIALISM WE'LL SCROLL A LIST OF FAR LEFT CANDIDATES JUST THIS SEASON, THE LIST IS GROWING. ALL RIGHT. MARY JOSEPH IN, I HEARD FROM YOU EARLIER FIRST BUT COME TO YOU AND GET TO DAN. >> I REALLY THINK THAT IT'S BECOME SO DIVISIVE THAT PEOPLE -- THEY ARE LURCHING FAR LEFT AND LURCHING FAR RIGHT BECAUSE THEY REALLY WANT THAT CHANGE THAT I'M TALKING ABOUT. I THINK IT IS BECAUSE THE ANSWERS HAVEN'T BEEN FOUND EVEN THOUGH THEY ARE IN THE MIDDLE I THINK THAT PEOPLE WANT CLEAN WATER, THEY WANT CLEAN AIR, THEY WANT HEALTHY FOOD FOR THEIR CHILDREN AND FOR THEIR FAMILIES, THEY WANT A SAFE ENVIRONMENT IN THEIR CITIES. THEY WANT TO BE ABLE TO GO TO SCHOOL AND LEARN AND NOT, YOU KNOW, COME OUT BEING CONFUSED AS TO WHAT IS RIGHT AND WHAT IS WRONG. I THINK IT'S THAT SIMPLE. >> Harris: DAN. >> I THINK IN THE LAST YEAR WHAT WE'VE SEEN IS LEFT SIDE OF OUR PARTY START TO PUSH FOR MORE GOVERNMENT ROLE IN THESE EXACT ISSUES. ISSUES LIKE HOUSING AND AFFORDABILITY OUR ENVIRONMENT, CITY STREETS OF THE LIVING IN NEW YORK I CAN TELL YOU I'M NOT EXACTLY THRILLED WITH ALL OF THE CONSTRUCTION THAT IS BLOCKING THE STREETS BUT HAPPY THE POTHOLES ARE BEING FILLED. THIS IS A VISION THAT KIND OF PROPOSES ITSELF AS A WAY TO FIX THE ISSUES OF SOCIETY. >> Harris: THE SOCIALIST MAYOR'S VISION YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT. >> IN A WAY THAT THE PRIVATE MARKET HASN'T FOR THE LAST TEN TO 15 YEARS AND GOOD TO HAVE COMPETITION IN THE IDEA MARKETPLACE. >> Harris: ARE YOU COMFORTABLE WITH HOW LEFT YOUR PARTY IS GOING? >> HOW FAR LEFT WE'RE WILLING TO GO TO HELP WORKING CLASS PEOPLE. NOT COMFORTABLE WITH A LOT OF WHAT YOU HAVE JUST DESCRIBED WHERE WE ARE ATTACKING PEOPLE'S SPOUSES AND CHILDREN AND RELIGIOUS VIEWS AND THESE SORTS OF THINGS. I DON'T THINK THERE IS ANY ROOM FOR THAT IN POLITICS. WE SHOULD STAY FOCUSED ON POLICY AND FIXINGS THINGS AND A ROLE FOR GOVERNMENT IN MAKING PEOPLE'S LIVES BETTER. >> Harris: DOMINIC. >> THIS WHOLE CONVERSATION IS A BREATHE OF FRESH AIR. I'M AN INDEPENDENT. MY BIGGEST PROBLEM IS I FEEL BOTH SIDES ARE TAKING MORE EXTREME VIEWS EACH ELECTION AND WE HAVE SEVERAL PEOPLE ON THIS PANEL DEMOCRATS INCLUDING SPECIFICALLY -- YOU KNOW I'M A MODERATE AND I FEEL LIKE THINGS ARE BECOMING MORE CENTERED NOT AS EXTREME ANYMORE. YES, THERE IS NO QUESTION TRUMP HAS SOME WINS AND LOSSES SO FAR. I THINK FOR ME, YOU KNOW, THROUGH THE WINS MIGHT BE IMMIGRATION AND MAYBE HOMELAND SECURITY. A BIG LOSS IS THE ECONOMY AND INFLATION AND THE COST OF LIVING. A COMMON THEME ACROSS REPUBLICANS AND DEMOCRATS. THE COST OF LIVING IS JUST TOO EXPENSIVE. TOO EXPENSIVE TO LIVE AND EVERYONE HERE IS FEELING IT. I THINK THAT'S WHERE IN THE MID-TERMS I THINK THE INDEPENDENTS ARE GOING TO CONTROL THIS ELECTION AND I THINK THAT YES, TRUMP MIGHT LOSE SOME REPUBLICAN VOTERS BUT I THINK SOME OF THE DEMOCRATS ARE STILL TOO LIBERAL AND THAT IS GOING TO DETERMINE WHERE WE'LL GO. >> Harris: THAT'S FASCINATING. IF YOU GO TOO FAR TO THE LEFT, SOCIALISM, EVEN TIPPING INTO COMMUNISM AS THEY OPEN UP FREE GROCERY STORES THAT COST $30 MILLION A PIECE. YOU ARE STILL PAYING FOR IT. AN EXPENSEIVE PLACE TO LIVE NO MATTER WHERE YOU ARE. YOU WANT THE AMERI

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jezz-un5yc [1 likes]: SONDIERUNG HABEN DIE HITLERS NAZIS GEMACHT !!! JEDEN TAG IN KONZENTRATION LAGER AUSSORTIERT ZWISCHEN GESUNDEN UND KRANKEN DIE INS GASKAMMER GESCHICKT!!! ES IST ZEIT DAS MIT GOP UND DEMOKRATEN USA DAS GLEICHE MACHEN MUSS SONST IST USA VERLOREN FÜR IMMER!!!!🙏📢💪👍🌈🗣️
  2. @Superzealite [1 likes]: Republicans and Conservatives say just get more jobs instead of  crying "VICTIME MENTALITY".
  3. @H3erobrineNotch: Republicans are cooked in midterms, a White House official just said this.
  4. @davidorlando5241: Just too much corruption abounds in both parties.... politicians are there for their own gain
  5. @edwinsantos827: I get so frustrated with these type events being aired. Every single time it is voters from deep democrat states that get a voice. Although I can relate to some of what was said here, I definitely do not see the situation evolving as these New Yorkers say. No way! In fact after visiting this last weekend family in new York I can say nothing of what these people said are representative of average New Yorkers. I wish Fox News would get out of the New York bubble and spend some of that energy truly getting the pulse of the people out here in the trenches.
  6. @danielpoore4349: I find it amazing that a chinese lady votes democrats. And they all blame Trump for the high prices but they fail to remember their is a war going on which automatically makes prices higher. Once the war is over prices will all come down and thats not to mention the democrats are fighting him on everything
  7. @caseysheafer7044: Why doesn’t she be a Republican to vote?…..hmmmm
  8. @kimiechiflowers: You know why you felt that sshhh from the biden and you things think that going happen over night 😂
  9. @jmannx21: How old is Harris Faulkner? This lady is like 60 years old looking better than 20 year old women!!
  10. @Jim-v6b5f: ALL YOU WHINERS IS IT BETTER  FOR YOUR KIDS IF IRAN HAS NUKE?????????????????????????????
  11. @martinwittig4739: 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  12. @SantiagoDunbar999: End israel by any means
  13. @Johnny-w2r6p: This is not randomized. They bring the same people on multiple times. Propaganda.
  14. @tomcio78pol: It refreshing to see some open minded democrats, democrats that use their brain, sense of common good. Totally agree with everyone on the panel, if Trump doesn’t fix the economy GOP is done. Unfortunately Trump focused on too many issues while dems played their game and delayed many good ideas. War with Iran is unfortunately not helping at all. To me Trump should FIX own house before you try to FIX your neighbors. At this moment we are far from clean house yet not changing my mind about Trump.
  15. @user-gi9cl5yt4w: That is not an independent voter, its an "indecisive" voter, even with the facts right in front of them (her), they couldn't make a choice and take responsibility for their actions or inactions as the case may be... welcome to lala land or the magaverse, whichever one you identify with...
  16. @sumairshirazi: I am a independent and will not vote
  17. @Kdwag-e7u: Short sided views on the economy.  Bidens economy caused this and Trump policies will fix by end of year.
  18. @JoeMollura: The oligarchs will determine who wins and who doesn't.  The midterms will be rigged.
  19. @ronm413: Far right fascist network calling someone far left, wow, bloods and crips. America is in decline.
  20. @ShastaBell-n9n: They make that choice my being independent!

- Arsenic found in tap water of NYC housing complex: Kind: captions Language: en PLEASE CONTACT POLICE WHERE IT'S NOT OVER ARSENIC CONTINUE AT A NITRO COMPLEX IN THE EAST VILLAGE, WHILE CITY OFFICIALS SAY THEY ARE WORKING ON SOLVING THE ISSUE. SOME RESIDENTS ARE OUTRAGED FOX FIVE STEPHANIE BERTINI CAUGHT UP WITH THEM AND HAS MORE ON THE LATEST TEST RESULTS. THIS IS CRAZY. IT'S CRAZY, MORE WATER TESTING AND WATER BOTTLE DISTRIBUTION IS UNDERWAY AT THE JACOB REES HOUSES IN NEW YORK CITY HOUSING AUTHORITY, OR NIGEL COMPLEX IN THE EAST VILLAGE CHAOS, OFFICIALS SAID TRACES OF ARSENIC WERE FOUND IN SOME WATER SAMPLES TAKEN WEEKS AGO, RESIDENTS HAVE BEEN REPORTING THAT THEIR TAP WATER LOOKED CLOUDY. NOW THE CITY IS DOING MORE TESTING. THE NEW YORK CITY PUBLIC ADVOCATE, VOICING CONCERN OVER THE TIMELINE ALL THIS TIME. RESIDENTS WILL CONSUMING WATER THAT MAY IN FACT, HAVE BEEN UNHEALTHY. IN AN UPDATED STATEMENT FROM THE CITY MAYOR'S OFFICE ON THIS SUNDAY NEW RESULTS YESTERDAY FROM THE NEW YORK CITY DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION DID NOT DETECT ARSENIC FROM THE WATER SOURCE ENTERING THE BUILDING. DP HAS CONFIRMED THAT THE REST OF THE CITY'S WATER SUPPLY IS CLEAN AND SAFE TO DRINK. OUT OF AN ABUNDANCE OF CAUTION. HOWEVER WE ARE ADVISING REESE HOUSES RESIDENTS NOT TO DRINK OR COOK WITH THE WATER IN THEIR BUILDINGS. ADDITIONAL SAMPLES WERE COLLECTED IN APARTMENTS, ROOF TANKS AND OTHER LOCATIONS TODAY AND WE ARE PUSHING TO GET RESULTS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. OF COURSE, PEOPLE WHO LIVE AROUND HERE ONE ANSWERS RIGHT AWAY. BUT THEY SAY, EVEN IF THEY'RE TOLD THE WATER IS OKAY, TRUSTING THAT WON'T BE EASY TO TRUST IS BROKEN . WOMAN SAYS SHE'S LIVED IN THE NIGHT TO COMPLEX FOR A DECADE, AND THE WATER HAS BEEN A PROBLEM FOR A LONG TIME. EVERY TIME THEY WOULD DO WATER MAINTENANCE SHUT THE WATER OFF FOR A DAY, AND WHEN THEY WOULD PUT IT BACK, IT WOULD EITHER SMELL LIKE SOIL CHEMICALS OR THERE WILL BE SEND SEDIMENT COMING OUT THE FAUCET NOW THAT THE PROBLEM IS EXPOSED QUESTIONS ARE MOUNTING. HOW MUCH POISON DO WE HAVE IN OUR BODIES? SOME RESIDENTS ARE ALREADY TAKING THINGS INTO THEIR OWN HANDS. DEFINITELY GETTING A HOME WATER SYSTEM. WHILE OTHERS ARE WONDERING H

  Top Comments:
  1. @tazer521 [18 likes]: If this was a private landlord, the lawsuits would be unimaginable. Where are the fines from DEP, DOB, DCHR? What a Joke…
  2. @Morales-nt6vi [7 likes]: Drinking water should be a right not a privilege. Shame on those who are complicit in this nonsense.
  3. @JQLLC [6 likes]: Public Advocate Juaamme Williams is a joke. He's the public advocate, he should have been aware of this on day one. As for the Mayor, all this guy does is cover up his mistakes and negligence.
  4. @rustynail2210 [5 likes]: Funny the mayor was just on TV telling everyone to drink their water ☠️
  5. @michaeljofat7895 [5 likes]: Population control
  6. @truthtold9084 [2 likes]: What do you expect living in the projects?
I use to think living in the projects was cool back in the day. I realized, am I crazy? Projects are for people who are defeated in life. They have no money except for welfare most of the time and the majority of the people are not educated. I never was rich but I knew never to live in any projects. It’s a dirty environment to be in and for those people who have children; you better hope they don’t turn out to be future project residents.
  7. @taimalik1110 [2 likes]: They're killing off the poor and powerless, one building at a time
  8. @nesq4104 [1 likes]: Get reverse osmosis filter system
  9. @temporarybackup5077 [1 likes]: League of shadows is finishing all of us off
  10. @Kz-w5g: Kelly just said New York tap water is good her husband Mark sits and agreed so I did some research they don't have a clue get a brain Kelly
  11. @NYCwickham: These projects are old as can be. In my opinion, these buildings need to be torn down and replaced. At the same time that’s never going to happen. At the end of the day the city spends more maintaining these suckers year round.
  12. @SK-lt1so: Arsenic is not an uncommon mineral to find in water in parts of the USA.
  13. @MikeB12800: Covid, Polio, arsenic, gun violence, bail reform, saying a governor’s power supersedes the constitution, not adhering to supreme court ruling, Hochul is the worst governor I have seen in NY!
  14. @cosmostrek2001: remember flint michigan. all the people living their should be monitored for arsenic in their systems for a year. they should bring indenpent companies to check the water. there is something wrong here. they are trying to cover this up. ask for health testing of all the residents and let us see what happens
  15. @nesq4104: Nyc is targeting residents for death.   Covid bioweapon and now targeted water contamination to gentrification
  16. @exposeevil5492: They are tryna kill the poor! Thank you tax payers.
  17. @donjuandemarco2995: They want NYCHA people out to make it for the rich. The NYCHA development is a big wealthy revenue for any landlord to bid on, they want to remove yall so they can ressel these units to more value, mark my words now.
  18. @commiekillahjay2525: The ashki-Nazi mafia is 100% Behind this.✌️🥳✌️
  19. @onetwo-dr8hl: I’ll drink baby girl in the bonnet’s bath water
  20. @vintageradios7790: What do you expect from a NYCHA slum ghetto

- The Future of Ezra Prentice Homes | New York NOW: Kind: captions Language: en [ THEME MUSIC ] >>REPORTER: IT'S NOT UNCOMMON FOR URBAN NEIGHBORHOODS IN NEW YORK STATE TO BEAR THE BRUNT OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEMS AND NEW YORK'S CAPITAL REGION IS NO EXCEPTION. JUST BLOCKS AWAY FROM THE STATE CAPITOL IS THE PORT OF ALBANY, AN AREA KNOWN FOR ITS INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITY WITH HEAVY TRUCK TRAFFIC, FREIGHT TRAINS AND NOISE. AND RIGHT NEXT TO IT IS A SMALL PUBLIC HOUSING COMPLEX CALLED THE EZRA PRENTICE HOMES. THE COMPLEX WAS BUILT MORE THAN 50 YEARS AGO WHEN THE CONSTRUCTION OF THE ICONIC STATE PLAZA FORCED LOCATION OF MANY FAMILIES. ENVIRONMENTALIST AARON MAIR, THE FORMER NATIONAL PRESIDENT OF THE SIERRA CLUB, SAYS IT WAS CLEAR AT THE TIME WHERE PEOPLE OF COLOR WOULD END UP COMPARED TO THEIR WHITE COUNTERPARTS. >> SO WE GO BACK TO THE ENTIRE DISLOCATION OF THE COMMUNITY AROUND THE EMPIRE STATE PLAZA. THE VERY POOR AFRICAN-AMERICAN COMMUNITY THAT LIVED IN THAT VERY HOOD, THIS IS WHY EZRA PRENTICE EXISTS. THEY ACTUALLY BUILT THIS PLACE AS A RELOCATION TO BLACKS IN THE WAKE OF THE BUILDING OF THE EMPIRE STATE PLAZA. >>REPORTER: THE POTENTIAL DANGER OF LIVING IN AN INDUSTRIAL AREA IS NOT A NEW ISSUE. FOR YEARS, RESIDENTS HAVE VOICED CONCERNS ABOUT THE POTENTIAL DANGERS OF A FREIGHT TRAIN DERAILMENT RIGHT NEXT TO THEIR HOMES. ACCORDING TO AARON MAIR, THE PUBLIC HOUSING COMMUNITY SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN PLACED IN AN INDUSTRIAL PART OF THE CITY AND HE'S NOT ALONE ON THAT. BASIL SEGGOS IS THE COMMISSIONER OF THE STATE DEPARTMENTAL ENVIRONMENTAL CONSERVATION. >> THIS IS A LEGACY OF ENVIRONMENTAL RACISM, TEXTBOOK EXAMPLE OF IT. WHERE YOU PUT HOUSING AUTHORITY-- HOUSING COMPLEX RIGHT NEXT TO AN INDUSTRIAL AREA. CAN THEY COEXIST I THINK THAT REMAINS TO BE SEEN >>REPORTER: THE D.C. LOST A STUDY THREE YEARS AGO AND A BASE WAS SET UP IN THE PARKING LOTS AND RESIDENTS WITH BACKPACKS WOULD GATHER DATA THE RESULTS SHOW THAT TRAINS THAT RUN FEET AWAY FROM THE HOMES ACTUALLY WERE NOT THE MAIN CONTRIBUTOR OF POLLUTION. HERE'S SEGGOS AGAIN. >> WAS THE STREET THAT LITERALLY WENT THROUGH RIGHT EZRA PRENTICE HOMES AND WAS SUBJECT TO AN ENORMOUS AMOUNT OF TRUCK TRAFFIC, THAT EDGE ENABLED US TO USE SCIENCE TO FIX A POLICY PROBLEM. >>REPORTER: A BIG CHANGE CAME FROM FORCING TRUCKS TO TAKE A DIFFERENT ROUTE AWAY FROM THE BUT ON AN AVERAGE DAY, YOU CAN STILL FIND A NUMBER OF LARGE VEHICLES DRIVING THROUGH, EVEN IF IT IS LESS FREQUENT THAN IN PAST YEARS AND IT'S NOT JUST THE POLLUTION FROM THOSE VEHICLES THAT BOTHERS TENANTS. RESIDENTS SAY THAT TRAFFIC CAN BE DANGEROUS FOR CHILDREN WHO HAVE TO CROSS THE STREET TO GET TO A NEARBY PARK AND THAT SOMETIMES, IT FEELS LIKE THE PEOPLE WHO LIVE AT EZRA PRENTICE ARE FORGOTTEN. TERESA ALSTON IS THE VICE PRESIDENT OF THE TENANTS ASSOCIATION AT THE DEVELOPMENT. >> HEALTH EFFECTS-WISE WITH THE AIR POLLUTION AND TRUCKS TRAVELING BACK AND FORTH, I FEEL LIKE OVER TIME, HEALTH ISSUES AS FAR AS LIKE CANCER, ASTHMA, THINGS LIKE THAT THE NOISE ISSUE IS-- COULD CAUSE LIKE PSYCHOLOGICAL, YOU KNOW, ISSUES LIKE THAT I FEEL LIKE MORE CAN BE DONE AND I FEEL LIKE CHANGE IS REALISTIC. >>REPORTER: WITH NO END IN SIGHT FOR THE PROBLEMS THAT FACE RESIDENTS THE EZRA PRENTICE, SOME WANT TO WIPE THE SLATE CLEAN AND START OVER. ONE PROPOSAL WOULD MOVE THE COMPLEX AND ITS RESIDENTS TO A DIFFERENT PART OF THE STATE, BUT ALSTON SAYS EVEN IF MOVING COSTS WERE COVERED FOR THE TENANTS, RELOCATING THE DEVELOPMENT IS MORE COMPLICATED THAN IT SOUNDS. >> IT'S MIXED REVIEWS FROM THE RESIDENTS. DOWN HERE, IT'S FAIRLY PEACEFUL. YOU HAVE HAD SOME ISSUES, BUT IT'S FAIRLY PEACEFUL. IT'S VERY KID-FRIENDLY SO A LOT OF PEOPLE DO NOT WANT TO MOVE FROM DOWN HERE BECAUSE OF THAT AND BECAUSE THE AMENITIES THAT, YOU KNOW, THIS COMPLEX PROVIDES. HOWEVER, THERE ARE SOME PEOPLE THAT HAVE STRONGLY EXPRESSED THAT THEY WOULD LIKE TO MOVE. >>REPORTER: WHETHER PEOPLE LIVE THERE OR NOT, SEGGOS, THE COMMISSIONER, SAYS THE AIR QUALITY IN THE AREA SHOULD STILL BE IMPROVED. >> THE INCREDIBLE AMOUNT OF INVESTMENT THAT'S GOING INTO THE PORT, THE NEW RULES COMING INTO EFFECT THAT WE WILL PUT INTO PLACE HERE AT DEC AFTER THE CLIMATE ACT IS FULLY FULFILLED, THE WORK AT THE FEDERAL LEVEL UNDERWAY WITH PRESIDENT BIDEN, ALL OF THAT WILL RESULT IN LESS EMISSIONS FROM TRANSPORTATION AND FRANKLY, WE'RE NEVER GOING TO HIT OUR CLIMATE GOALS UNLESS WE REDUCE EMISSIONS FROM TRANSPORTATION. THAT WILL HAVE AN IMMEDIATE BENEFIT FOR ANYONE THAT'S WORKING OR LIVING NEAR THESE TYPES OF FACILITIES. >>REPORTER: ENVIRONMENTALIST AARON MAIR DOESN'T SEE ANOTHER OPTION FOR THE HEALTH AND WELL BEING OF THE TENANTS THAN MOVING THEM TO AN AREA WHERE AIR POLLUTION AND INDUSTRIAL ACTIVITY WON'T AFFECT THEIR LIVES IN SUCH A BIG WAY. >> I JUDGE PEOPLE NOT SO MUCH BY THEIR HEROIC ACTIONS THAT THEY MAY DO IN AN INSTANT. I JUDGE IT BY THE OUTCOME AND RESULTS. IF AT THE END OF THE DAY THE END RESULT IS THAT THESE PEOPLE ARE STILL STUCK HERE, AYOU'LL I CAN SAY IS THEY FAILED. GOVERNMENT HAS FAILED THESE PEOPLE.

- Big estates in demand as wealthy New Yorkers exit city: Kind: captions Language: en the sprawling estates and mansions that have languished on the market for years are now getting a second wind thanks to kovat in part our Robert Frank has more on that this morning hey Robert good morning Carl wealthy New Yorkers leaving the city are now looking for the three P's you got property privacy and a pool and the big estates in Westchester Connecticut in northern New Jersey that's sat on the market for years with a lot of price cuts are now back in demand this four acre waterfront spreading Greenwich just sold to a family moving out of the city price tags seventeen million dollars making that the most expensive sale of the year in Connecticut it's got views of the Long Island Sound formal gardens and your own golf green now the stone mansion in Alpine New Jersey that's been on the market for ten years heads price cut from 65 million to 36 million last month the potential buyer toured the property and offered to rent it for five hundred thousand dollars a month that's just to rent it the owner turned it down in hopes of a sale and the late Leona Helmsley's former 40 acres stayed in Greenwich called Round Hill Manor that had been listed once 450 million dollars dropped last year to 16 point five million because of a lack of buyers now the broker says he's had seven showings just in the past month and there is serious interest because 40 acres guys could buy you a lot of social distance you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kenz3 [9 likes]: Give u $5
  2. @drakedoragon3026 [7 likes]: And the middle class is struggling. The balls to even show this segment. The ruling class better be careful🤔.
  3. @ggfcfhvyy9272 [4 likes]: any place with out blacks i buy the property....
  4. @teebone2157 [3 likes]: Overpriced trash.
  5. @marekkolenda3220 [1 likes]: People moving out for suburbs from big city's after coronavirs experience.
  6. @dancook4993 [1 likes]: It kills me
  7. @frank57152: Communism does not work.
  8. @blanket1309: Poor folk getting insulted right left and center
  9. @mopthermopther: Getting out of town because they are going to build a wall around the 
Epicenter. 🙁
  10. @quang991: move to Florida like Trump. Bob Craft, Patriot owner,  enjoyed ladies in massage parlor
  11. @MichaelL.-ip2zb: Is that because a new EVENT is coming to NYC, far worse than their 9/11 LIE event?
  12. @PattysEmporium: 17 million? For that? Waste of money
  13. @bitcoindaddy1: Right cold asf in north ..and yes please nycers please stay up north
  14. @giant_avocado7973: McMansions are back!
  15. @MrJarnail: How many middle class are moving out to get more space and not just few wealthy people moving out making a difference. If someone buying a property for 17 million that person already may be a owner of beach properties around the country. I would be good to know how many families are thinking about moving out to suburbs or rural areas for more space and privacy.

- Is It Okay To Rent Forever? (Can I Still Build Wealth?): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] brought to you by the every dooll app start budgeting for free today Jenny says I'm a single woman and I rent an apartment in a great City I'm very happy here as it is close to my work my church and most of my social activities I have no desire to own my own home because I'm afraid I have to have maintenance and LA Care people on speed dial and to buy something even remotely affordable it I I would have to move way outside of town is it okay to rent forever I hear you talking about a paid-off home being a large piece of people's net worth but is it still possible to build wealth if you don't own a home um so yeah I mean I think the biggest piece in this Jenny is looking far in the future and I always look to when it comes to retirement time the the singular expense that continues to go up that you will not have control over is your house is your housing so rent will continue to rise and if you own your home and you pay off and that's an expense that you don't have and it's continuing to work for you building Equity so it is a part of your financial you know picture that we I would want you to have a part of it it doesn't have to be today it doesn't have to be in the next five years but eventually I would have home ownership in your financial picture for many reasons but I think mostly when you look towards times like retirement you won't have to have that expense that continues to rise and you actually have an asset yeah for you I I I can completely endorse that where you are today in your life Jenny that this particular situation makes sense it sounds like you got it made right now there's nothing wrong with that at all it just doesn't scale long term so here's the problem you know she's we she doesn't say how old she is let's just say she's 30 okay every single year from 30 to 70 your rent's going to go up or your landlords asleep at the wheel uh they will die and the next person will Jack it through the roof to make up the difference but the value of the rent goes up every single year from age 30 to age 70 your most expensive line item in your budget is housing so the most expensive line item in your budget is out of your control variable and increasing that is not scalable that's not sustainable long term again like Rachel said if you want to do it for four or five years I think you got a good gig go ahead and do it for four or five years but that let's not translate that to is it okay to rent forever it's okay but it's going to kill you because what you're paying in rent now is nothing compared to what it'll be 40 years from now I think we can all agree with that and and so when you buy if you buy on a fixed rate 15E you now have a fixed payment for a property it doesn't have to have a lawn it can have it be a condo um you have a fixed rate and then when you get paid off you have a fixed rate which is zero other than your taxes and your property insurance right those are two things that will go up as well but they don't they're small much smaller percentage and they don't land they don't end up being the largest thing in your budget anymore usually so and I will say this too Jenny you know that it doesn't have to be a you know a single family home if you're if you are single you don't need a lot of room it could be a condo right but owning property that you have own full out is is what the key is that's the that's the goal I I don't want you to confuse the fact that you got a really good situation right now and I endorse you staying there with a forever plan it's not a good forever plan it's a really good short-term plan though I would sit there and I wouldn't let your friends shame you into buying something and that's what's happening people are going you got to buy a house you got to buy a house you don't have to buy a house right now you got not got a bad deal but but you do need to stabilize the most expensive line item in your budget before it gets out of control and starts messing up your life I mean can you imagine being 70 years old and broken your rent goes up every month every year that'd be no fun

  Top Comments:
  1. @RGAMISenters [1 likes]: I was flat broke and 100K in debt because of a Div at age 58 and I did not liston to advice from Dave Ramsey and now at age 71 my income is 3 times more than I retired at 55, I am totally debt free, have a new Toy Cor Cross paid with cash and have 1 milion in CDs in two different Credit Union and one is NFCU at 4%. I save over 100K every year and my advice is DO NOT liston to Dave Ramsey he says put your money in stocks and this is the worest advice when the market is at 50K and he says buy gold when gold is 5K per once.
  2. @bp6877: Omitted from this opinion is the costs of upkeep and maintenance of a house.  In my travels, I've seen how some of the wealthiest families in America ultimately donated their estates to the State, because the properties were too expensive for even the wealthiest families to afford.  Note:  the word, "mortgage", in Latin, means "grip of death."
  3. @patp8351: Not sure why the Ramsey team doesn’t even consider the renting option
  4. @douglasburnside: You keep stressing how the cost of renting is going to go up year after year. Well, owning a home the cost of taxes, insurance, repairs and maintenance is also going to go up year after year, particularly if the home is in an HOA where annual assessments can add significantly to the home owning expense. I own my home, it is paid for, but my budget includes $10,000 per year for the unexpected surprises that pop just about every month. Most recently it was termites. Next month it is going to be digging up and laying a bunch of pipe in the yard so that the plants are no longer fed the expensive filtered, softened, and sanitized water that is fed into the house for human consumption.

The decision is not as clear cut as you make out, particularly if you look at your house as an investment rather than a home. In most cases, costs over time are less renting than buying, particularly when you factor in the idea of investing the money that would have gone into the mortgage. In my case, I bought a home, and as long as I can keep food on the table I don't care how much it costs me.
  5. @trekmanone1676: I did own during my mid-life but in retirement, sold in favor of renting. The dividends and interest that invested income provided, was more than enough to rent a furnished 2-bed apartment and lots of extra cash left over for food, others expenses or to reinvest. Houses don't provide income but they sure suck in that income.  That got me thinking. I owned my house for ~30 years, paid off mortgage. I know what I paid for it and what I sold it for and I know the expenses needed to maintain a house.  Plug that into a spreadsheet and calculate IRR (Internal Rate of Return). Kind of like a CAGR (Compounded Annual Growth Rate). Reasonable but not rich at all.
Now create a 30-year renting scenario. Even through 2 recessions, the spreadsheet showed I was a millionaire after 30-years and my investments threw off enough cash to fund my cost of living plus reinvest some funds. 
For example, take SPY, an ETF that tracks the S&P500. Buy $10,000 of SPY 30 years old, invest all dividends for 30 years, you are a certified millionaire! Subtract renting expenses from the SPY scenario, you still are a millionaire after 30 years. There you have it. Never buy and own a house. Invest in REITs if you must but don't physically own a house.
  6. @Stk10756: I think it is really dependent on where you live in the US.  In NJ for condos the HOA fees and those “special assessment charges” can be brutal. Property taxes are not stable, see Jersey City,. Also if you own your home and you’re not handy you’ll need to hire people to do basic maintenance and lawn care that is also very expensive.  Renting allows you to keep a budget if you need to move to a less expensive apartment it’s not that bad.
  7. @lawrencenelson6618: Owning a home has some value, I've owned two, but renting is predictible in that rent only goes up a few points a year.  When you rent, you can do a hard budget without worrying about unplanned plumbing bills, electric repair bills, tree work, roof work, yardwork, painting, patio repair, etc, it's endless.  You know what else goes up every year, property taxes, homeowners insurance, and HOA's, that's what.  

I'm selling my 6 bedroom house in two years and will be renting for the rest of my life, enjoy home ownership ladies and gentlemen, it's not for the weak of heart.
  8. @mikev4755: Owning a house is not free.  Property taxes go up.  Insurance goes up.  Utility costs are much higher in a house.  Maintenance has gotten insane.  My son was quoted $90,000 to reside his house.  It can cost $20,000 for a new roof.  Washers, dryers, water heaters, furnaces need to be replaced.
  9. @Carlg26: I am a bit lately .... however ... it depends on WhERE you live.  I live in a province that WILL NOT EVER have anything under RENT CONTROL.  I knew some of these developers .. You are paying a monthly maintenance fee.   Right?  Well these developers place at leased 5 of there friends on the board!  These board meetings are not funny.  Unless your an account you will never understand were that maintenance fee is.  When an elevator breaks down DOES IT GET FIXED WITH IN A WEEK?  No no it does not.  Is their a knock on your door stating opps the elevator repair cost you need to chip in 5 thousand dollars and we need it NEXT WEEK.   Its not just the RENT ... its the maintenance costs above the maintenance fee ... opps the roof needs to be replace and you must come up with 20 thousand.  UNTIL we get the province or STATE puts in RULES THAT BITE .... Were we live our province is a joke ... They know but others do not know that the developers like it or not are on the board.  Getting things fixed is HARD.  Why?  The board voted for the developers friends to fix the problems.  I hope you do your research people ... every province every state is different ...  MAKE SURE you understand the rules people ... its not funny being given a bill that is over 600 dollars ... be aware ... be very aware ...
  10. @SunnahLiberty: I’m 50 and have never owned a home and probably never will. Maybe if I lived in TN  I could but I am a family of 6 and the home I rent would be at least $400k if not $500k. Even just 10% down would be $40-50k and a mortgage payment more than my current rent. Add in property taxes, insurance, maintenance budget and I am house poor. Now, had I found Dave and listened as I do now at say 20? Whole different ballgame but we all die and whether we rent or own the house can’t come with us. Everything is on rent from God if you think about it so follow Him, love your family, be smart with money and enjoy the ride!
  11. @rudfil: Dave and Rachel say there’s no place like a home you own. It’s not for everyone. If yes renting goes up and it doesn’t go up every year as Dave says, second if the rent goes up by a huge amount you just move to another cheaper place if your landlord won’t give you a break.
  12. @coveredinthorns7185: I made a huge mistake buying a home. Renting always makes kore sense because of flexibility and more consistent costs. Housing also goes up and matinence fees can ruin you.
  13. @ryanflynn6203: Usury is for Jews. Praise Christ, the King of Kings. Store your treasures in Heaven
  14. @ronica2623: It’s hard to say because she doesn’t give an age or financial situation. If she’s older, forget it. Under 45 if you can do 15 year and rate is lower good idea.
  15. @thadrsin: I have to say that the greatest increases to my expenses each and every year over the last five years are property taxes and homeowners insurance.  It is absolutely nothing for these insurance companies to increase their rates by 15-20% each and every year without justifiable explanation.  That is what’s not sustainable.  While my principal and interest is a fixed cost, next year my taxes and insurance will be more monthly than my principal and interest payments.  There is no hiding from increased costs whether you rent or you own.
  16. @JohnFelts-j3v: I did
  17. @rp9674: Condo fees are not locked in, they're unpredictable.  If they go up too high that affects your resale value
  18. @thecollegedean: I've learned a lot since heading into retirement.  I have a small 5 acre "horsey property" 11 miles outside of a small rural town.  I still owe about $180K.  I can easily afford the mortgage payment and it's pretty much a given that my place has "million dollar views".  Here's why I'm selling out and will happily rent.  

1.  The maintenance is NUTS!  2.  The politics of the blue state I'm in is NUTS!.  3.  Cashing out my equity and adding it to my portfolio will easily pay for my future rent just from my dividend paying accounts.  I can now do the snowbird things and enjoy 72 degrees all year long.  
Renting in retirement for me makes sense for at least the first 10 years.  Tying up so much capital $$ is something you do IF you feel the need for the sense of security....which they strongly inferred.  Hope that helps.  And yes, except for my mortgage, I've been debt free for years.
  19. @miketheyunggod2534: Dave got rich off the blood of renters.
  20. @maryhall1181: HOAs?!

- Homeownership And America's Growing Wealth Gap: Kind: captions Language: en So often we'll be out here or we'll be inside and we'll come outside, and there will be White people standing right there on the stoop reading, and it's like, this is trespassing, and if you opened your front door and saw a Black guy standing there right at your front door, you'd be like, "Cops." If she were to show my mother that house, she would lose her job. In those days it was that blatant. I've had agents invoke burning crosses. But that's just the difference in like feelings of ownership. In the United States, home ownership is seen as the most effective way to build generational wealth, with the average homeowner having a household wealth of $231,000 compared to the average renter having a household wealth of just $5,200. But data shows discriminatory policies left many Black Americans out of the economic picture, and the problem is only getting worse. In the second quarter of 2019, Black homeownership hit a 50-year low of 40.6%. In fact, if you look at the 100 U.S. cities with the largest population of Black households today, every single one of them shows a growing divide between Black and White homeownership. It has a lot to do with today's frameworks and a lot of the structural barriers, discriminatory barriers, redlining issues in communities, and also issues with access to credit in our housing finance systems. According to Urban Institute data, the current gap between White and Black homeownership sits at about 30%. That's larger than the 27% point gap that existed in 1960, before the Fair Housing Act was passed. The Fair Housing Act in 1968 was passed right around the same time as the Civil Rights Act. That really enabled and essentially abolished the ability for real estate property owners and others to discriminate on the basis of race, sex and a whole host of other critical factors. It was just a little over 50 years ago that that was enacted, so this is very recent history. Fair housing policies are so recent that stories of blatant housing discrimination still echo for Black Americans. When my parents went to go purchase their home in Toledo, Ohio, my mom actually wanted to buy a home in a predominantly White suburb called Sylvania, Ohio. The real estate agent explained to my mother that she could not show my mom the home because we were Black. And she explained to my mom that if she were to show my mother that house that she would lose her job. So she took my mom to a community in Toledo where she said they were moving Black families who are kind of like in our income bracket. Rice was just six months old when her family moved into their home in 1963. At the time, they were the only Black family on the block. By the time she started kindergarten in 1968, her neighborhood was predominantly Black. That's how quickly the neighborhood changed because of real estate blockbusting and steering practices. Blockbusting is a now-illegal tactic used by real estate agents and developers who convince White homeowners to sell their homes out of fear that racial minorities will move into the neighborhood and lower property values. Steering is the unlawful act of limiting where you show a person a particular home based on race. As our neighborhood was designated as what they called then a "changing neighborhood," meaning the real estate community and the lending community understood that Black people would be moving into this area, the lenders began redlining the area. Redlining is a practice that was started in the 1930s by the Home Owners' Loan Corporation, where neighborhoods would get color grades based on perceived mortgage security. At the time, neighborhoods were coded as green for type A, blue for type B, yellow for type C, and red for type D. Type A neighborhoods were viewed as financially reliable, while type D neighborhoods were viewed as financially insecure. But here's where it gets ugly. Type D neighborhoods were predominantly populated by Black families, meaning that even if a Black person living in that area was credit-worthy, banks would still deny them. So when my dad went to his bank to get a loan, the loan officer actually told him, "Mr. Rice, we're not making loans in that neighborhood." In those days it was that blatant. Like, "We're not making loans below Upton Street." And so that's why my parents had to go to a subprime lender. Subprime loans became a fixture in redlined neighborhoods, and though redlining was outlawed in the 1960s, its impact still has lingering effects on Black people today. Over the last 40 years, property values in redlined neighborhoods gained half the value of those in green-lined neighborhoods. By the '90s, subprime lenders started pushing adjustable rate mortgages, which are loans that typically start off with low interest rates and then drastically increase after just a few short years. We saw payments increasing by 50%. So imagine if one month your mortgage payment is $1,000 and the next month your mortgage payment is $1,500. It's a huge increase. This increase in adjustable rate mortgages led to more borrowers refinancing their homes every two to three years, slowly stripping them of their equity every time they made a payment. According to Rice, brokers pushed subprime loans because they were making a lot of money doing it. In fact, between 1994 and 2000, the amount of new subprime mortgages grew from $35 billion to $140 billion. Between 2004 and 2007, Hispanic Americans and Black Americans were 78% and 105% more likely than White Americans to have a high cost mortgage. Consequently, Black and brown families were disproportionately impacted by the 2007-2010 housing crisis, with both groups being nearly twice as likely as White families to lose their homes. Before the housing crisis hit, the median net worth of Black households was a little over $12,000, compared to the nearly $135,000 net worth of White households. By 2009, those net worths dropped to about $5,700 and $113,000 respectively. While redlining and subprime loans robbed Black families of the opportunity to build wealth in the 20th century, there was something just as insidious on the horizon: gentrification. In major metropolitan areas that were once predominantly Black, homeownership levels have drastically shifted as a result of gentrification and rising housing costs. Gentrification involves the renovation of properties and businesses in underfunded neighborhoods, which some see as a positive thing. The negatives come when long-term residents, who disproportionately tend to be people of color, are pushed out of those neighborhoods as the neighborhoods begin to be well-resourced. Between 2000 and 2013, more than $135,000 residents in 230 neighborhoods across the country were displaced from their homes due to gentrification. Like, we withstood all this shit. We're still withstanding. I definitely feel less at home than I used to, but also kind of more at home because of the businesses. They give me hope. They give me a sense of ownership that I've known them longer than the wave. Parker has watched a wave of gentrification transform his Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood in Brooklyn, New York. Parker's parents purchased their brownstone home for $90,000 in 1985. Today, similar properties in his neighborhood sell for well over $1 million. So a lot of my family lives on this block right here. These two houses, these are my mom's best friends. Most of the businesses in Parker's neighborhood are still Black-owned, but home ownership has changed drastically. And a lot of that has to do with marketers and developers literally changing the name of the neighborhood to suit affluent buyers. The whole renaming and remarketing of Bed-Stuy into Stuyvesant Heights, it's an old name, and then there was never a stark difference. It's more like regional than lines, but now they're trying to call the whole Bed-Stuy, Stuyvesant Heights. It's a marketing ploy because Bed-Stuy has now a history, so that it becomes more palatable for these parents to pay for their kids to come live here. Since the 1930s, Bedford Stuyvesant has been a predominately Black neighborhood. As of 2000, the Black community made up three quarters of the population. By 2015, that number dropped to half. Parker's parents retired after the 2008 recession, but the family has three other tenants to lighten the financial burden. And while their home value has increased significantly since 1985, Parker says refinancing is difficult because of his parents' retired income. As he's gotten older, Parker understands how important home ownership is for his family's long-term financial stability. If your parents own a home, help them keep the home. Okay? Contribute. Make an effort. Do some work around the house. Do anything that will guarantee your... How can I say this? Your legacy? Your legacy, yes. Gentrification is taking place in Black and brown neighborhoods across the country, but not all families are as fortunate as Parker's. In Detroit, a third of the city's properties have foreclosed since 2008 due to rising costs and tax inflation. A January 2020 investigation by The Detroit News found that homeowners in the city were collectively overtaxed by at least $600 million dollars following the Great Recession. Homes in the cities are being assessed at a value that was much higher than the market rate. This overtaxation of local properties led to Michigan's Black home ownership rate dropping from over 50% in 2000 to 40% in 2016. In a 2020 report from the Washington Center for Equitable Growth, it was shown that on average, Black and Hispanic residents bear a 10-13% higher property tax burden than White residents nationally. According to experts, county assessors have historically overtaxed Black residents as a form of punishment for economic mobility. This practice of overtaxing Black residents has only gotten worse with the surge of gentrification. So what we see, unfortunately, is people are being squeezed out on multiple fronts as gentrification happens. And if cities want to prevent this from happening, they have the power to do that. They can adopt tax lean and tax forgiveness programs to help people stay in their homes as the values are rising. They can adapt homestead programs so that long term residents who have been living in the communities for a long time are able to stay as the communities become more wealthy, so to speak. Recent studies show that housing discrimination is still prevalent today. A three-year investigation released by Newsday in 2019 found that real estate agents in Long Island, New York asked for different financial qualifications from White homebuyers than they did from Black and brown homebuyers. The report also found evidence that many agents still practice steering when showing homes. To stop these acts of discrimination from taking place, government agencies and advocacy groups have conducted paired testing experiments where they send two subjects, one White and the other a person of color, to act as potential buyers or renters for a home. I've had agents call me colored, and this is in New York. I've had agents invoke burning crosses to dissuade me from buying a home in certain areas. Experiences can vary. For the most part, you do not know. But I have had some experiences where the treatment was so blatant that you just sort of have to maintain your poker face. Don't encourage or or dissuade them from continuing and just try to go about acquiring the information. In situations where acts of housing discrimination weren't as blatant, Carter says he would later find out that an agent told him a property was no longer available when it really was, or that an agent didn't return his call about a property on the market, but returned the call of a White tester inquiring about the same home. Recently, the federal government proposed rollbacks on fair housing policies. In July of 2020, President Trump tweeted that he's rescinding the Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Act, an act passed by the Obama administration to further the protections of the 1968 Fair Housing Act. In response to the federal government's position on housing discrimination, experts say state officials need to step up to enforce stricter fair housing laws. We've been seeing more people filing with state agencies or going to the state courts in order to exercise their rights under the law. We've been seeing some attorneys general stepping up to the plate to exercise their state's fair housing laws. While states work to uphold fair housing laws, real estate experts recommend that potential first-time homebuyers look to grant programs and financial resources that will make homeownership more accessible. Homeownership is the #1 way for families and individuals to build wealth in the United States. Now, it's not the only way, but it is the #1 way, and I don't see anything on the horizon changing that paradigm. So we have to make sure that communities of color have access to homeownership opportunities. And for Black homeowners wanting to stay in gentrifying neighborhoods, Parker's aunt, a homeowner in Bed-Stuy, says collective action is the only way forward. If three young couples buy a three-family, guess what? They could afford it. But you know what? We have to learn how to live with each other. That's the key, okay? And guess what? What's happening in the world right now is making us live together. Live together, actually. Okay?

  Top Comments:
  1. @mrsford2777 [2 likes]: Great segment! However, please disaggregate the data from hispanics when speaking on the black experience. Also, please refrain from using the term "communities of color" or "people of color" when speaking on the black experience. Please be specific and consistent with language when speaking on the Black American experience.
  2. @Mr_Francois14 [1 likes]: I’m black and can say with confidence this video was absolute foolishness lol smh.
  3. @cashrules520 [1 likes]: My old Landlord a retired Veteran owned 17 properties in Raleigh Durham, before he mysteriously died in surgery back in 2013.. I can only imagine the networth of his family if they didnt sell those properties. His life Insurance paid off the mortgages.. I inspired to be like him in my 70s
  4. @lifesucksgetoverit5440 [1 likes]: Florida still does this a b c and d heard a real estate person saying that area was b rated
  5. @FatboyyTransport: But systemic racism doesn’t exist they say.
  6. @millennialmoneymaking7719: This is all democratic cities and states New Jersey is a high Property tax state designed to drive Black people at a home ownership
  7. @onlygafabotwhatigafbout8495: Homestead deduction
  8. @LeAnn610: If you don’t have a family, you have no need for a home.
  9. @kevinhorton1036: Someone explain how refinancing you home “strips” you of your home’s equity.
  10. @sa34w: Can you also include Asian American home ownership as well as Asian communities also exist in America just as old as Black Communities.
  11. @timelesshome8980: America still has some of the most racially-segregated communities, but this segregation can't all be blamed on racist, steering real estate agents. Blacks, Asians, Latinos...have a tendency to segregate themselves by congregating in certain areas. People of color must have an interest in SPREADING OUT and integrating communities too. Personally, I know black people who don't even want to leave their childhood neighborhood. It's ridiculous! If you want the benefits that come with well-resourced neighborhoods, well-funded public schools, well-stocked grocery stores, and low taxes, then it makes sense to live in the neighborhoods where those benefits exist. If you can afford to live in a better neighborhood, then MOVE . Don't worry about the race of the people in the community. DO YOUR RESEARCH as well. Not enough people research neighborhoods or the types of houses they want to live in. They just go on Zillow and find something cheap. SLOW DOWN and actually put some thought into where you want to live and where you want your kids to attend school. Create a list of must-haves and deal breakers. No one has the right to tell another person where they "belong".
  12. @johnlocke1977: It's Gen-tri-fication, not Djidjification.
  13. @MomsLittleJedi: Literally starts with racism.....
  14. @marcusmccloud8394: Plan your exodus from this rigged system
  15. @kimeli: what about taking loans from black banks?
  16. @cashrules520: Look at the reverse mortgage scandals, how they specially target minorities.. fast fwd FINANCIAL crisis 2008, covid 2020, and boom those homes are gone
  17. @altonpaige2388: Yeah but brown people get help from the federal government and black people don’t. I don’t see why black people keep falling for this people of color BS! I am ADOS a descendant of American slavery. Our situation in America is unlike anyone else. We have been denied wealth for over 400 years and it continues. For that matter I despise that phrase “people of color”, it dilute our experiences in America and give an excuse to ignore the plight of ADOS but more importantly it ends any discussion of reparations for the very people that produce and built this country’s wealth!
  18. @JohnThePA: Thank you for highlighting this issue CNBC
  19. @alr6111: Join the Army and get the VA loan. 0 down.
  20. @tc4906: In the USA, is an individual's ethnicity recorded on their credit report?

- Renting vs Buying a Home: The Lie You’ve Been Told: Kind: captions Language: en I'm a multi-millionaire and I rent my house in fact I've rented for 20 years and I've made more money renting then I would have owning a place but should you do the same in fact should you rent or buy your house a lot of us have been told buying is the best thing ever build equity renting is throwing your money away I think that for the biggest purchase of Our Lives we need to go into more detail so in this video I'm going to give you four specific steps to break down if you should rent or buy with an exact address so you can follow along with the analysis and I'll give you a clear set of rules to make sure you make the right decision for you starting with step number one change your mindset around renting the first thing I want you to do is to accept the fact that yes renting can make Financial sense in a lot of cases and if you're going to truly use this video to come to the right decision I want you to understand why people do not like to even think that renting can be a good financial decision because we have been told renting is throwing your money away but I'm going to prove this to you with actual numbers let's take a look at a specific unit that has been both bought and rented 776 Bryant Street in Palo Alto California this is a two- bed two bath 1,521 ft condo it was sold in 2018 for $2.15 million now this is pel Alto it's extreme expensive now I'm starting with this example in Palo Alto because you're going to see the numbers and they are insane but don't just think that because Palo Alto is expensive this only applies there you're going to learn how to do the analysis so you can try it for your own City by the way if you look online you can see that the current price estimate has decreased by $154,000 since it sold now that's just an estimate we don't really know what the sale price would be today but you have to remember that prices go up and prices go down unfortunately we really only talk about when prices go up let's take a look instead of being worth $2.15 million it's now estimated at $1.9 million again just an estimate if you put 20% down at the current average interest rate for mortgages of 7% you'd pay about $106 a month on your mortgage alone okay just the mortgage now that we know how much this place would cost to own let's see how much it would cost to rent if you were to rent this same unit it would cost you $5,400 a month which is exactly what it rented for in January of this year that's about half of what it would cost you per month to own and that's not even factoring in what I call Phantom costs of ownership things like maintenance or closing costs or all kinds of hidden or counterintuitive fees that would make renting an even better financial decision okay now we see it black and white it is clear that sometimes renting can be a better financial decision let's move on to step number two understand the myths around housing after you've acknowledged that renting can sometimes be a better financial decision the next thing you got to do is get to the bottom of a lot of housing myths now you've heard these repeated so many times that a lot of people actually just believe them but I want you to go deeper I want you to stop being trapped by these myths that might not actually be true buying a house in America is rarely a carefully measured purchase in my estimate less than 5% of people carefully run the numbers instead most of us make the biggest purchase of Our Lives based on what we think we should do based on how we feel based on what we have been told by some random person these expectations and myths surrounding renting and Home Ownership are so heavily embedded in our culture that almost all of us believe they're simp simply true it's caused so many people to buy a house when they're not ready or worse when it's not even the right choice for them let me break down three common housing myths for you so we can get to the truth myth renting a house means you're just paying your landlord's mortgage all right let me explain how people think landlords operate they think a landlord owns a place that cost them $1,000 a month so they go $1,000 a month let me add on 10% for profit they're paying my mortgage I could go on vacation cuz of my tenants listen your landlord can only charge you what the market will bear they cannot simply take whatever they bought add on a profit margin and go if they could do that why would they stop at 5% or 10% why wouldn't they go to 15 or 100% the answer is they can't simply charge you whatever they want sometimes landlords make a profit sometimes they lose money A lot of times they don't even know how much their costs actually are please stop thinking of landlords as these omniscient observers who know all their numbers no you don't even know how much that roof repair cost you you don't know how to amortise that over 11 years you're just charging whatever the market will bear and if they don't like it if there's one month of vacancy wiping out your entire Year's profit they go oh it's so hard oh government protect me this myth has led to so many people rushing into a house because they think someone else is getting the better end of a bargain myth if you're paying rent you're throwing money away well I like to have a little fun with this topic so I posted a question on Twitter I said hey I spent $30 on dinner in New York great food great service I plan to go back did I throw money away on dinner and wouldn't you know 95% of people said no RIT that sounds like great then I said hey I spent $6,000 renting an apartment last month in New York and for the last 10 years good location good views good roof I plan to keep renting did I throw money away notice this time it wasn't 95% it was only 81% who said no in other words 19% % of people said you threw money away what do you notice virtually everyone agreed that when I paid for dinner it was worth it but when I said I rented an apartment suddenly 19% of people thought that I threw money away on rent but I'm not throwing money away on rent I'm paying for a roof over my head I'm paying for a great view I'm paying for somebody to fix issues so that I don't ever have to go to Home Depot in my life that's a rich life when you pay rent you are paying for Value when you go to a restaurant you are paying for Value the value of knowledge of cooking the dishes someone to clean the dishes and service the same concept applies when you pay for essentially anything you're not throwing money away on rent just as you're not throwing money away at your local restaurant myth you need to buy a house cuz you're building equity in America there's a magic word it doesn't matter how much it doesn't matter how to get it we don't understand anything about it but we love it and it's called Equity I get a lot of criticism because people think I ignore Equity I don't ignore Equity I actually understand it now yes it is true that you can build equity with a house but it actually takes a long time and there's a phrase in real estate don't pay a dollar to make a dime let me show you what I mean I'll use the same address from our first step let's assume that you have a 30-year mortgage at $1.59 million at 7% interest look at this amortization table something that 99.999% of Americans have never even heard of this is showing you how much you are paying in principle in other words Equity versus interest on your loan you can see that it takes 21 years for you to start paying more towards principal than to interest so we might actually say I don't want to waste money on interest do you see how ridiculous these myths are by the way I'll link the amortization calculator in the description for you you should put your own numbers in there and play around you're going to be shocked remember these myths and why they are untrue and you'll be much more likely to make a choice that's right for you I encourage you to really take some time to decide if buying a house is right for you at this current season of life and if that is a rich life if it is amazing I support you buying a house is the biggest financial decision you'll ever make and it's also a lifestyle decision you have to factor in all these things but what I'm specifically focused on here is helping you run the numbers here's some good non-financial reasons to buy a house you have kids you want to stay in that school district or build memories in a certain house your parents are moving in with you you want to design a house together with your spouse you love repairing and tinkering your house and renovating it or you just want to notice what's not on this list you need the price of the house to go up I'll repeat myself again buying a house doesn't always mean Building Wealth so Factor it appropriately buy for the right reasons now before we move on to step three hit that subscribe button and turn on notifications I want to keep sending you new videos with real numbers including money psychology going forward and thank you very much for watching all right now that you've stopped believing all those common housing myths that brings me to step number three run the numbers for renting versus buying so far you've learned that renting some times can be a better financial decision than buying you've stopped believing these harmful housing myths and now we get to do something near and dear to my heart run the numbers now before buying a house you should always run the numbers and no I don't mean asking your freaking broker how much you can afford you should treat your broker like you should hold him out arms length away I don't I trust a broker as far as I could throw him oh broker's so nice broker wants to make money from you okay broker's using you to pay for their BMW do not ask your broker how much you can afford they're not the person to ask run your own numbers now very few people do this a lot of people get mad at me at even suggesting you should run the numbers why cuz housing always goes up in America you freaks let me explain how this works somebody sees two houses one of them is a two-bedroom house renting for $2,000 next door is a house that costs $2,000 a month for the mortgage what would you do almost everybody goes I'll get the mortgage cuz I'm building equity not so fast they forget to factor in 30 to 50% of phantom cost things they didn't even consider closing costs maintenance opportunity cost transaction costs Renovations and on and on most people do not realize the total cost of ownership TCO until they've already bought the house and I don't want that for you that is why I'm constantly reminding you rent is the maximum you will pay pay but a mortgage is the minimum you will pay now to figure out your total housing cost when renting it's pretty easy it's your monthly rent plus your utilities like electric water internet whatever utility bill your landlord charges sure feel free to factor in other things if you have somebody come and clean your house once a month Etc Factor it all in but basically that is your housing costs on the other hand your total housing costs when you own include not just the ordinary costs but also the fan cost that people often forget about let's break them down your principle this is the part of the payment that goes towards paying down your principal closing costs buyers can expect to pay roughly 2 to 5% of the purchase price on closing costs interest you saw that in the amortization table that can be quite High over the course of a 30-year loan property tax which by the way can increase and sometimes dramatically like we see in States like Florida Insurance maintenance is one that most people totally neglect it doesn't show up in most calculations this is a cost to maintain the home including utilities yes but also the roof repair that happens 8 years from now and that's not even broken yet you have to actually factor that in a simple guideline to use is 1 to 3% of your purchase price every year in maintenance then of course we have additional fees like HOA condo fees Etc don't forget transaction costs like when you sell and renovation which Americans love to do and then they deceive themselves by saying it's an investment you almost never make your money back on Renovations so to calculate your total housing cost if you own add up the monthly cost of all of these items and you can see even without any numbers that owning can cost a lot more now let me show you a quick and easy way to run the numbers we're going to use the same unit I talked about earlier 776 Bryant Street in paloalto California now I'm going to pull up the New York Times rent versus buy calculator I love this calculator because it has so many variables you can play around with makes it really easy to see if buying or renting is right for you and I'll link to it in the description below after plugging in that lower price of $1.9 million to buy and the $5,400 a month to rent without factoring in anything else we can quickly see that it never makes Financial sense to buy this property in fact over 10 years you would save $900 ,000 renting that's why when I post these funny pictures of me eating all this food and traveling and stuff I go so glad that I can afford to travel here because I'm not throwing money away on interest and then everybody on the internet gets mad because they don't know how to run a single calculation and then I'm just sitting there chomping on my pepperoni pizza going what's the problem guys this calculator automatically sets how long you plan to stay in your house to 10 years but it actually turns out that the average amount of time people spend in their home is is only 8 years so I've reduced that number to eight now let's look at the loan details the current average 30-year fixed rate mortgage in the US is around 7% so I've updated that to 7% on the calculator and just to be conservative we're going to put a 20% down payment now a lot of people do not do this I believe you should be able to before you buy let's put 20% just to be conservative you can see that renting saves you $691,000 over a years you can see that by adjusting those numbers slightly it didn't really make much of a difference it still makes more financial sense in this case to rent before we go on just remember this why is this so counterintuitive because every month people pay their rent and they feel like they're losing a little piece of their soul I don't I go amazing cuz I can invest literally thousands of dollars per month and make even more than I would have owning all right let's keep going let's factor in something a lot of people forget about maintenance as I mentioned which is usually 1 to 3% this unit is in California in a very expensive city I'm going to actually be conservative and change the maintenance to 2% realistically I think it's probably more than 3% but let's just keep it at two after factoring that in you can see buying this house cost you more than $800,000 over 8 years makes no Financial sense to buy this property now let's factor in another thing that very few people do the the opportunity cost of investing your down payment what I mean by that is just let's say that your down payment was $100,000 what if we took that $100,000 and simply invested it in the market let's assume we make 7% That's a conservative estimate whoa that amount you would save by renting just shot up to $1.1 million over 8 years again we're factoring these things in one by one renting saves you 1.1 $ million over 8 years now you can keep going there's so many more variables you should include but you can see that just by using the simple New York Times rent versus buy calculator to quickly run the numbers it never makes Financial sense to buy this property now a lot of you going well what what about Equity REM what about Equity at the end of 30 years I own the place first of all you're not going to stay there for 30 years very few people do I hope when you buy you stay there for a long time because that's when you really start to build actual Equity second if you rent you need to be inv investing that is the key to the entire thing if renting makes better Financial sense you still need to invest that's where real wealth is created so use this tool to run the numbers yourself play around with the different variables play around in your own City I want you to become really good at this okay you understand that renting can be a better financial decision you've decided if buying or renting is right for you and now you've run the numbers now it's time for step four figure out if you are ready to buy okay listen up closely to this part the actually two very important questions that I want you to ask yourself to decide if you are actually ready to buy I don't want you to get into trouble by skipping these questions I want you to walk into the biggest purchase of your life ready to go now I'm about to show you how you can calculate whether you can afford a house how much you should put down and how to even save for your down payment but sometimes especially if you have a more complex situation you want to know exactly how much you can afford for a house and how that one decision will affect your finances 5 years from now 10 20 30 years years from now you want to know all different kinds of scenarios and how they're going to play out for your finances this couple I just spoke to on Tuesday Rob and Adrian came to me with a lot of very specific questions about their financial situation and they're close to retirement age they want to know how their decisions such as renting instead of owning and traveling Etc would affect their retirement so I actually reached out to our partners at facet a financial planning service that offers a flat fee membership and asked if they could run some scenarios for my guests we sent their net worth income expenses Social Security Insurance everything and facet put together three scenarios for how and when they can retire it was really cool really specific if you are nearing retirement or you have a complex financial situation that you want a second set of eyes on consider reaching out to the planners at facet instead of taking a percentage of your portfolio they charge an affordable flat membership fee check out their new membership options at facet.gov description now back to the two important questions you need to ask yourself to know if you're actually ready to buy question one can I afford to buy a house based on my income and debt I want to give you a little tool to use your total housing cost should be less than 28% of your gross monthly income or your total income before taxes and your total household debt shouldn't exceed more than 36% of your gross monthly income this is referred to as the 2836 Rule now let me talk about that 28 part because it's really hard these days especially in expensive cities to hit that number sure you can stretch it to 29 or 32 or even 34 but the more you stretch your housing costs the more risk you are taking and you can become overwhelmed with expenses very quickly if something goes wrong like an unexpected repair or a job loss now let's talk about the 36 part if your total household debt exceeds more than 36% of your gross monthly income you might have difficulty getting a mortgage from lenders more importantly you're putting your household at risk too much debt can sink you it's like swimming with too much weight on your back so to see if you can afford to buy a house based on your income and debt let me break down the numbers for you total housing costs divided by your gross monthly income equals your monthly housing costs just multiply that number by 100 to get your percentage is it lower than 28% it should be let me show you an example let's say your total housing costs are $1,120 a month and you make $4,000 1,120 divided by $4,000 equals 2828 * 100 that's 28% now couple of things I want to point out here first of all that total number it says total housing costs are $1,120 a month total does not just mean your monthly payment if you own it's the sprinklers it's the occasional repair it's even the gas to get to Home Depot it's all of it okay second this number says 28% ideally you would be a little lower than that so you have some margin although again in high cost of living areas like New York LA or frankly a lot of cities these days most people have gotten above this next calculate your 2836 number see if your total monthly housing cost plus your total debt load would be lower than 36% of your gross monthly income that means factoring in things like credit card debt student loans car loans all of it the more debt you have the riskier it is to lend to you and that means you might not be able to get a home loan but more importantly you're putting your household at risk here's how to calculate it amount of monthly debt you owe divided by gross monthly income equals debt to income ratio multiply that number by 100 to get your percentage the lower the number is the better the 2836 rule says that you should ideally have no more than 36% of your debt to income ratio here's an example let's say that you're spending 28% of your gross income on housing and you want to figure out your 2836 number well to find out the 36 number we look at the rest of your debt say you're spending $1,000 a month paying off credit card debt making $75,000 a year or 6250 a month 1,000 divided by 6250 is16 multiply that by 100 that's 16% well guess what in this case you're already spending 28% of your gross income on housing when you add the 16% you have a 2844 number that's higher than 36% that means you're in serious risk this would be troubling if I saw this so I want you to calculate your own 2836 number now there are a few exceptions to this rule if you live in a high cost of living area like New York La SF again some people stretch that number even up to 34 35% but it becomes very very risky next if you have no debt like like no car payment no student loans no credit card debt you might stretch your housing number a little bit I would personally consider going to around 33% but I'm very conservative with my finances if your income is reasonably expected to go up soon such as a promotion again maybe you stretch the numbers a little but I would be very hesitant about doing this after all this you should still be able to save and invest money otherwise you will not be building true wealth when you factor in all these other things you should still be a ble to save 5 to 10% of your take-home pay and invest roughly 10% of your take-home pay if you can't do that you're spending too much question two have I saved a 20% down payment if you haven't saved a 20% down payment in my opinion you're not ready to buy a house now this might sound like some old fuddy dudy advice but I want to tell you something it's not just because of PMI which is an additional fee you'll often pay when you get a mortgage without 20% down the real reason I believe in Saving 20% before buying is counterintuitive building the habit of saving is critical before you buy and have all these unexpected housing expenses like a broken water heater or unexpected tax expense I frequently get frustrated comments about how impractical this rule is how am I supposed to save 20% this will take years yes it will which is exactly why you should start saving now saving is a habit which is better practiced before your mortgage is at risk now note I don't mean that you have to put 20% down in some cases such as low interest rates many people intentionally chose to put a smaller amount down that's fine that's just a math decision but in my opinion you should be able to put down 20% all right I hope this video helps you decide if renting or buying is the right decision for you and I hope you save money in the process as you can see when you make the right decision it can often save you a million dollar over the course of your life let me know in the comments what you found after you run the numbers and check out this video popping up on screen to watch more

  Top Comments:
  1. @BelleLavande-i1z4f [1 likes]: Thanks, Ramit. I will be renting and in investing.
  2. @dclikemtndew [1 likes]: You admit that the first 21 years of a mortgage you're paying more in interest than toward the principle, yet when you compare renting vs owning you look at an 8-10 year timeline. It seems like if you were looking at this objectively, you're anti-mortgage, not anti-owning. I know, you'd probably say "well, the average person has to get a mortgage to own a home", which is true, but there's smart and dumb ways to get a mortgage, if you make a large down payment, and pay extra toward the principle, and actually see it through to the end, you're better off owning in almost every case.
  3. @momijidiary: the analogy doesn't sit right with me. when you consume food  you cannot re-sell it or rent it out. when you buy a house, you can rent it, sub lease it, or even sell it in the future. renting is good and all. I rented for years too. but depending on where you live buying a home can still be a good move. because your rent increases in price every few years. the amount of money you send on rent is not the same in the next 20 years. most likely it will double. of course owning a home has its share of expenses too like taxes and insurance and maintenance cost but when you get older you can sell it or live in it for free (granted your mortgage is already paid off by then) the likelihood of your home increasing in value can also be considered depending on where you live and the trajectory of the population (if it is increasing).

the question is not renting is better or owning a home is better. The question is what is the lifestyle you plan to live in the future.
  4. @a55tech: interest rate makes a huge difference. Since this vid, it’s down to 5.x instead of 7%.

Tuning that in the rent vs buy calc can make years of difference in the break even time.
  5. @linainahome: Ramit is spot on about the 'phantom costs' that people ignore. To help with the Step 2 'Run the Numbers' part of this video, I actually found a Rent vs. Buy Wealth Calculator over at DIYyourMoney (in the tools section). It accounts for the exact variables he mentions—like maintenance, taxes, and the opportunity cost of the down payment—so you can see your own numbers before deciding. Hope this helps the community!
  6. @CreativeWisdom5: You are crazy !!! Who can rent for $5000 or have a 10 k mortgage for an apartment!! 
Ohh, you forgot that how much is the rent for 30 years X $5000 🤣🤣🤣....GARBAGE!!!
  7. @circlesthesun: It's worst when the owner says you need to leave cause the home is needed for her family. We bought a condo based on our savings. Never regretted it.
  8. @RyanWolf-b5o: Very informational, would recommen
  9. @paul_tee: principal
  10. @kisma03: If i can save 500€ to invest from renting instead of owning, the 500 monthly investment is average 700k after 30 years.
  11. @zhovtastrichka: Good advice. Not applicable to Europe. For example in Poland yes you need the money for your down payment, but the total cost of mortgage, utilities, and other things is like 50 usd more than what I am currently paying for rent. And yes, I am allowed to pay more to get down the principal without any fees etc. I have the mortgage for 20 years, but ai can actually pay it in 5-7. And overall interest for the whole period would be like 15k usd more. That’s nothing taking into consideration I will have my own home in 5 to 7 years. So depending on where you are and your income it can actually be better to buy than rent
  12. @bazinaustralia2912: imagine playing Monopoly  and never buying a house.
  13. @mikichik61: you forgot to add in that rent goes up average 5% each year in many places
  14. @samanthagaboo5610: I think one thing that isn't discussed is the fact that for a lot of us that rent we want to pay the less rent as possible so we rent much smaller places than what we would buy. I have been renting for the past 8 years seven of those eight years I have lived either in a studio or very tiny one bedrooms.. where your kitchen is part of your living room kind of thing in the same room. 
So I feel for a lot of people that get a bit antsy about wanting to buy It becomes a point of wanting more space. That is kind of the situation I am in right now. I have been at my current rental November would make 5 years and I'm paying $1,000... And my needs have changed my mom has sold her house and my mom stays with me when she doesn't have contract work say half of the year. So compared to just myself and my dog I've accumulated One other human occasionally and a full-time indoor cat. I would say are walkable space is probably 200 ft² because I'm not going to count the closet or bathroom or couch area ETC. at the same point to go rent a home it would only be a couple hundred dollars less if not the same of buying a home... To have more space.. because going from a thousand to paying 16 or $1,700 to rent a home is unimaginable to me. So I think that's one thing that makes people antsy to buy when you've outgrown your rental. At least for me. When it was just myself and my dog full time I was very content in my small rental. So it's something I've been running the numbers and it feels like I need to wait another year I could probably pull it off now but it just seems everything would be tight
  15. @cableman23: And depending on life circumstances, job stability, family, kids school, personal, it may financially make sense to buy and lock in the rate right now for 30 years. Buyer beware
  16. @margarettuimising9995: Makes sense in an expensive property like this one cos how much rent can you charge people? Story might be different for a cheaper house . Esp over time.
  17. @cindymar1606: Except that dey raise the apartments rent every year by 80-300/400 $ depending on where u live but my wages stay the same so I have to move out every couple of years because I cannot, cannot afford dat.
  18. @jess4582: I've been renting since I was 20 years old. Doing this allowed me to save over time. When I was young, I couldn't save too much but now since my late 30s I started putting away $2400 per month to be able to afford to buy a home here soon.
  19. @thecollegedean: I used to be totally convinced that owning a home was the way to go.  I suppose for raising kids and having the piece of mind that I could make minor improvements in the garage, yard, etc. made it a viable option.  My kids are all well into adulthood and I'll be fully retired soon.  I can hardly wait to sell "the ranch", cashing out, and living a bit more lightly during my retirement.
  20. @TiisetsoMadiseng: I think I just found the perfect video, to convince my husband that renting is the right decision for us in this season of our lives.

- Where Billionaires Flock To Every Month Of The Year | Business Insider Explains | Business Insider: Kind: captions Language: en-US Billionaires have busy schedules, but there's one thing that we know for sure. There's 12 events that are always on their calendars. Hi, I'm Joi-Marie McKenzie, and I am Business Insider's editor-in-chief of our Life division. Billionaires are not hard to find, even if there are only 2,600 of them. In January, billionaires descend on Davos in Switzerland to attend the World Economic Forum. This event is invite-only, and it's a beautiful location, a ski resort where there's tons of fancy dinners, panels. So you may even see Mark Zuckerberg or Bill Gates walking the streets attending a fancy dinner or attending one of these panels, or anywhere in between. In February, it's all about the Super Bowl. There's sure to be a billionaire in the stands. I mean, look, tons of them own teams, right? Jerry Jones owns the Cowboys. When I bought the Cowboys, they were losing a million cash a month. So the billionaire experience at any football game, but especially the Super Bowl, involves thousands of dollars. Not only are they going to be inside luxury suites with unlimited food, it comes complete with a concierge that goes in and out of their box so they never have to leave their luxury experience. And there's tons of after-parties. They're not at bars, they're at fancy swanky restaurants turned nightclubs. And in fact, in previous big games, billionaires like Jeff Bezos showed up. So if you can get in, it's a scene. In March, it's off to Hong Kong for Art Basel. So if you're into art or just want to know who's collecting what, this is the place to be. Some of the billionaires that you might see here are Yahoo's cofounder and local real estate magnate Adam Kwok are among its attendees. And one of the fair's most famous sales came in 2018, when Microsoft cofounder Paul Allen sold a piece for a whopping $35 million to a private collector. I sure wonder who got that. In April, forget about the Easter Bunny. It's time to head to Georgia for a little round of golf. Of course, it's the Masters Tournament at one of the most exclusive golf clubs, and so many billionaires are among its members. Little-known fact though, they didn't allow women to join until 2012, so I'm glad they got it together. If you want to rub shoulders with Warren Buffett and Bill Gates, tickets for the Masters are through a lottery system, so good luck. But you could score tickets on the secondary market for $10,000, if you got it. If you're looking for sun, head to the Cannes Film Festival in May. Not only are the biggest Hollywood superstars walking the red carpet along the Croisette, but you also might see a billionaire. The only way to get to Cannes if you are a billionaire is by your yacht or superyacht. In fact, Jeff Bezos has a $500 million superyacht that starts its grand tour around the world to some of the world's exclusive spots here in Cannes. So in June, billionaires head to London for the Royal Ascot. It's a horse race, five-day event that over 300,000 people attend. And unsurprisingly, the British royal family are among the attendees, but there's also tons of billionaires. In July, not only are your kids going to summer camp, but so are tons of billionaires. In fact, they're trekking to this very small town called Hailey, Idaho, that you and I have probably never heard of, but these billionaires are going every single year for the Allen & Company Sun Valley Conference. Since 1983, Herbert Allen, a billionaire himself, has created this invitation-only event where only the biggest and richest names are in the building. I'm talking Rupert Murdoch, Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, Warren Buffett, they're all there. And in fact, these are where some of the biggest deals are made. Jeff Bezos snagged the Washington Post for $250 million in 2013, and it's where the seeds for Disney's acquisition of ABC were planted in 1995. I mean, there's big business happening here. In August, they finally get some time to really relax and unplug by trekking to the desert to Burning Man. Billionaires are not doing Burning Man like the rest of us. In fact, even how they get there is pretty cool. They build a pop-up airport where their chartered jets and private jets can land right onto the desert. In fact, they're building these really gorgeous campsites with air conditioning, private chefs, and the likes. So mud, I don't think so. Billionaires are saying farewell to summer in Monte Carlo at the Monaco Yacht Show. It's where they're bringing their yachts and superyachts to the place to be to show off their boats. And I mean, their boats are something to be seen. There's over 100 boats on display with an average of nearly 200 feet, which is so huge. They feature elevators, spas, hot tubs, even helipads, yes, helipads, for their helicopters. If you thought jet skis were nice, take a look at these boats. In the past, yachts owned by billionaires like Paul Allen, Steve Wynn, and Pier Luigi have been exhibited at the show. It's open to the public, so great for us, but we'd have to pay over $640 a day to attend. In October, which is honestly the best month of the year because it's my birthday month, is the Frieze Art Fair held annually in London. And tons of billionaires are spotted here, including diamond titan Laurence Graff. The Frieze Art Fair shows off some of the most expensive contemporary art found in the world today. The pieces that are sold at this art fair can go for millions of dollars, but they keep it really under wraps and mysterious, so we never quite know what's purchased. But we just know it's really expensive. And if you want to go see it for yourself, tickets are actually really affordable. This year, they're averaging around $50. In November, it's all about trekking to Paris for le Bal. It's an invite-only debutante ball where the founder handpicks 20 debutantes to attend each year. And some of these names you might recognize. The children of Forest Whitaker have attended, Reese Witherspoon's children have attended, even Lori Harvey, and of course, tons of billionaires' children from around the world. It's a really huge honor to be selected for this debutante ball. And if you love "Bridgerton," this is like your dream night. December, St. Barts. This is one I would like to go to. So forget about Aspen and the Maldives. If you're a billionaire, and you're looking to ring in the new year, it's all about St. Barts right there in the Caribbean. Tons of billionaires and Hollywood flock to St. Barts, including Diane von Furstenberg, David Geffen we've spotted there several times. I love these events. I would like to go, I would like to be a billionaire, so if any billionaires are looking to create one, sign me up.

  Top Comments:
  1. @duetoliberty [119 likes]: I like investing in close-end funds that pay monthly dividends. The trick is to hold long term and reinvest the monthly dividends plus buy more shares on a monthly basis or whenever you can afford to. This can be easily done because close-end funds are bought and sold on the stock market just like regular stock. That'd be enough to create a portfolio that would pay you between $50k to $70k in dividend income
  2. @pepposano4200 [3 likes]: Adding all these to my calendar right now.
  3. @EmilyCarter-m7l [1 likes]: These events seem so exciting!! I saw a similar video by @IlonaCallsLuxury, It's interesting watching these events
  4. @karansuri1576 [1 likes]: 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
  5. @Asjrhwu37317 [1 likes]: 😂 how do America have plenty of billionaires but still let people who can’t afford healthcare die
  6. @glory70x [1 likes]: The world economic forum has lofty plans for us. Everybody better wake up and start the pushback or we are gonna be in big trouble!
  7. @tanyah.9131 [1 likes]: No such thing as an ethical billionaire, imho.
  8. @Robot-Gorillaman [1 likes]: That’s where the satanic cult meets
  9. @Where-u-at-cool-aid-hat [1 likes]: No person in this world should have a billion dollars
  10. @Asukaconazucar: Dónde está la reunión Bilderberg y en bohemian club?
  11. @hhectorlector: the sibilance on her voice track is wild
  12. @rch6757: Gulag
  13. @jayhurley8370: Monaco Grand Prix?
  14. @shankarbalakrishnan2360: Looks like it's true the older u get ur heart becomes smaller and stiffer -exercise helps -enlarge it❤❤🎉🎉
  15. @robertreid2499: this sounds like a virtue complaint more than anything I'm less than a minute in and unable to follow your intent
  16. @chevianoalputila3593: Sign me up too😂😂😂
  17. @bewarebtw8835: I am the gamer or player! I love Xbox Series X and PlayStation 5 plus Steam Deck & Nintendo Switch!
  18. @lamincamara8537: ❤
  19. @Anita___Y: The title and the content don’t match
Don’t need to be a billionaire to participate in these events 
Also fact checking and hearing their perspective or experience would have been a better fit instead of reinterpreting what is assumed of these events
  20. @ajeetgrover4422: wtf is this garbage.  complete deviation from other quality content from business insider

- This is the Richest Old Money Family in New York...: Kind: captions Language: en Every street in New York tells a story. Every brick, every brownstone, every skyscraper holds a secret. But behind the city's modern hustle, behind the noise and the energy, there's a foundation. And it wasn't built just with steel and concrete, but with ambition, rivalry, and a truly staggering amount of wealth, all laid by a handful of powerful dynasties. Now, these aren't today's headline grabbing billionaires minted overnight by some new tech or a market trend. These are the old money families whose names are literally etched into the city's DNA. Aster, Vanderbilt, Whitney. Their influence is like a quiet hum beneath the roar of the city. A force that shaped our social circles, our museums, and the very skyline we see today. And when we say richest, we're not just talking about who has the most digits in their bank account right now. While some of these fortunes have been spread out over generations, we're talking about a different kind of wealth. The kind that bought Manhattan when it was still farmland, that built the institutions, and that wrote the rules of society long before the rest of the world was paying attention. So, we're pulling back the curtain to journey through the Gilded Age and beyond, uncovering the 10 dynasties whose influence still shapes New York in ways you can and can't see. You can't talk about old money in New York without starting with one name, Aster. They were the benchmark, the original Titans. Their story is the American dream, just on a scale that feels almost mythological. And it all started not in a Park Avenue ballroom, but with a determined young immigrant from Germany. John Jacob Aster landed in America in 1783 with little more than a few flutes to his name and a relentless drive. He jumped into the brutal fur trade. But what set Aster apart was his ruthless foresight. He built a near monopoly, the American fur company, stretching from the Great Lakes to the Oregon coast. But it wasn't fur that would cement his family's legacy. It was what he did next. With an almost prophetic vision, Aster started sinking his profits into what everyone else thought was just cheap farmland, the island of Manhattan. He bought up huge trackcts of land north of the city limits, earning him the nickname the landlord of New York. People thought he was crazy, but Aster knew New York was going to grow. He rarely sold anything. He leased it, creating a river of income that flowed for generations. By his death in 1848, he was the richest man in America. His kids and grandkids kept the strategy going, but it was the later generations who turned that wealth into undeniable social power. Caroline Sherah Horn Aster, the legendary Mrs. Aster, became the absolute queen of New York society. Her annual ball and its exclusive 400 guest list wasn't just a party. It was a declaration of who mattered in America. If you weren't on that list, you were a nobody. You can still see the Aster name all over New York from Atoria Queens to the iconic Waldorf Atoria Hotel. Even their philanthropy was foundational. John Jacob Aster left money to create the Aster Library, a radical idea when public libraries weren't really a thing. That library eventually merged with others to become the New York Public Library, one of the city's most important cultural pillars. The family's influence faded a bit in the 20th century, but their name will forever be the bedrock of New York's aristocracy. If the Aers were the reserved old school elite, the Vanderbilts were the explosive force that blew the doors off New York society. Their story is all about raw, unapologetic capitalism and a lifestyle so over-the-top it came to define an entire era. The family patriarch Cornelius Vanderbilt or the Commodore was the total opposite of John Jacob Aster. He was brash, foul-mouthed, and an absolute genius. Born on Staten Island, the Commodore started his empire at 16 with a $100 loan from his mom to run a ferry service. That little boat was the start of a shipping and railroad empire that would dominate American transportation. He crushed his rivals without a second thought, building a network that connected the country. When he died, his fortune was worth more than the entire US treasury. While the Commodore made the money, his kids and grandkids spent it with a style the world had never seen. The Vanderbilts didn't just join New York society. They took it over. They lined Fifth Avenue with incredible mansions, each one bigger and grander than the last, earning it the nickname Vanderbilt Row. These weren't just homes. They were limestone and marble palaces designed to scream, "We've arrived." Outside the city, they built summer cottages in Newport, Rhode Island, like the Breakers and Marble House, which were anything but cottages. But this generation also started the family's tradition of giving back with Emily Thorne Vanderbilt Sloan White financing the creation of New York's Sloan Hospital for Women in 1888. Unlike the Aster fortune, which was mostly tied up in real estate, the Vanderbilt wealth was easier to divide and spend. Over the years, the massive fortune thinned out and many of those grand Fifth Avenue mansions were torn down. Still, the Vanderbilt legacy is everywhere. From Vanderbilt Avenue to Grand Central Terminal, a stunning monument to their railroad empire, they set a whole new standard for what it meant to be rich in America. So, the Aers owned the land and the Vanderbilts owned the rails. But one family came to own the flow of money itself, the Morgans. The House of Morgan wasn't just a bank. It was an institution so powerful it could steady or sink the entire American economy. And at the top was John Peront or JP Morgan. A man whose presence was as intimidating as his balance sheets. Born into a wealthy banking family, JP Morgan didn't start from scratch. He inherited a powerful platform and used his genius and sheer force of will to take it to another level. In an era of wild unregulated capitalism, Morgan basically became America's central banker before the Federal Reserve was even a thing. He took over failing companies, slashed costs, and merged them into massive efficient trusts. That's how we got giants like General Electric and US Steel, the nation's first billiondoll corporation. You could really see his power during national crisis. In the panic of 1907, when a market crash nearly took down Wall Street, the government didn't step in. JP Morgan did. He famously locked the country's top financiers in his library on Madison Avenue and refused to let them out until they pledged enough of their own money to save the economy. He was a one-man central bank. But Morgan's legacy goes way beyond finance. He was an obsessive art collector, buying up thousands of masterpieces and rare books. His personal collection was so important it became the foundation for the Morgan Library and Museum, one of New York's greatest cultural treasures. The museum stands as a monument to a man who believed great wealth came with a duty to preserve culture. The Morgan name is still synonymous with the peak of financial power, and he was the architect of modern American finance. The Whitneys represent a different kind of old money. They weren't defined by just one industry. They were masters of adaptation with a deep, deep love for the arts. Their fortune grew from a mix of investments in everything from banking and tobacco to New York City's street cars. William C. Whitney was a major player in the late 19th century and his family's venture capital firm JH Whitney and Company, founded in 1946, was one of the first of its kind. Smartly investing in new technologies that kept the family fortune growing. But the family's most lasting legacy. That's all thanks to one woman, Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney. A sculptor herself, Gertrude became a champion for modern American artists. In the early 20th century, the art world, including big players like the Met, mostly ignored contemporary American painters. Gertrude thought that was ridiculous. She started showing artists from the Ashan School at her own studio in Greenwich Village. In 1929, she offered her collection of over 500 works to the Met. They turned her down, so she decided to start her own museum. The Whitney Museum of American Art opened in 1931 with a revolutionary mission to focus only on the art of the United States. That one move completely changed American culture, giving a platform to generations of artists from Edward Hopper to Jasper John's. The Whitney family shows how old money can stay relevant not just through wealth, but by shaping a nation's creative soul. Few names in American history carry the same weight as Roosevelt. While we know them for giving us two of the nation's most transformative presidents, their story started right here in New York, where they were an influential dynasty long before Teddy or Franklin ever saw the White House. The Roosevelts arrived from the Netherlands back when New York was still New Amsterdam. They slowly built their wealth and status over centuries as merchants, bankers, and real estate developers. The family eventually split into two famous branches. The Oyster Bay Roosevelts who gave us Republican President Theodore Roosevelt and the Hyde Park Roosevelts. The Democrats who produced President Franklin D. Roosevelt. They weren't just living in New York, they were building it. Theodore Roosevelt's father co-founded the American Museum of Natural History, a cornerstone of the city's culture. Teddy himself, born on East 20th Street, was a product of the city, and his progressive politics were a direct response to the gilded age excess he grew up around. He went after the very corporate trusts that families like the Morgans had built. His fifth cousin, Franklin, followed a similar path from New York's elite to the presidency, and his wife, Elellanena Roosevelt, Teddy's niece, completely redefined the role of the first lady and became a global champion for human rights. The Roosevelts are the perfect example of aristocratic duty. They use their inherited privilege for public service, proving that influence isn't always measured in dollars, but in the lasting impact you have on the world. In New York's elite circles, power takes many forms. For the Ssburgger family, that power has always come from the printed word. For more than a century, the Sulsberers have been the guardians of the New York Times, turning a struggling local paper into the most influential news organization on the planet. The family story with the Times began in 1896 when Adolf Ox bought the nearly bankrupt paper. He gave it its famous motto, all the news that's fit to print, and set the standard for its journalistic integrity. Control later passed to his son-in-law Arthur Hayes Sulsberger and it's been in the family ever since now in its fifth generation with publisher AG Sullsberger. So how have they kept it in the family? A special dualclass stock structure gives the Ox Sultzberger family trust voting control protecting the paper from outside influence and keeping it as the trust says unselfishly devoted to the public welfare. Their role as stewards of the nation's paper of record has given them immense almost quiet power. Their decisions about what to cover and how have shaped public debate, held leaders accountable, and written the first draft of modern history. They're a different kind of New York dynasty, one whose influence is built one headline at a time. While the Ssberggers command the world of news, another New York dynasty, the New House family, has quietly dominated the glossier and more glamorous side of media. Their private company, Advanced Publications, has shaped culture, fashion, and ideas through some of the most famous magazines ever published. The empire started with Samuel First New House Senior, who began by buying the Staten Island Advance in 1922. But the family's game-changing move came in 1959 when they bought Conde Nast. That single purchase brought Vogue, The New Yorker, and Vanity Fair into their portfolio, turning them into the arbiters of American culture. Samuel's sons C and Donald took the company to new heights. C in particular became a legend at Conde Nast. He was intensely private, but had an incredible gut feeling for what was cool. Under his leadership, Conde Nast's magazines didn't just follow trends, they created them. Vogue became the fashion bible and a revived vanity fair became the essential chronicler of power and celebrity. Because their company is private, the new house family's vast wealth is often out of the public eye. But it's not just from magazines. They have a diversified portfolio that includes major stakes in companies like Warner Brothers Discovery and the social media site Reddit. Unlike families who put their names on buildings, the new house legacy is on millions of coffee tables and in the phone screens of readers around the world. If you want to find the oldest of New York's old money, you have to go back way before the Aers or the Roosevelts. You have to go back to when New York was a Dutch colony called New Amsterdam. And there you'll find Peter Styverent. Stverent wasn't a businessman. He was the last Dutch director general of the colony, ruling with an iron fist and a famous wooden leg. He brought some muchneeded order to the rowdy settlement, building early infrastructure like the wall that gave Wall Street its name. When the English sailed in to take over in 1664, Stivverent wanted to fight. But the citizens, tired of his strict rule, basically said, "No thanks." After the surrender, Stverent eventually returned to New York to live on his buerai, the Dutch word for farm. And that farm is the key to his family's longlasting legacy. It was a huge piece of land that covered much of what we now call the East Village. As the city exploded around them, his descendants sold and leased off parcels of this ancestral land, turning their historic name into a real fortune. Today, the Stverent name is woven into the city's map like no other. There's Stverent Street, Stverent Square, and the massive Stverent Town residential complex. His legacy is also complicated. He was involved in the slave trade and was intolerant of religious diversity. Facts that have led to a modern re-examination of his place in history. The last direct descendant of Peter Stverent died in 1953. But the family's influence, all stemming from that one massive farm, has echoed through the city's entire history. While many old money families built their fortunes on Manhattan's Gilded Age opulence, the Lafra family made their name building for a totally different crowd, the city's middle class. Their story is a real estate saga rooted in the outer burers. The dynasty started with Harry Lfrack, an immigrant from France in the early 1900s, but it was his son, Samuel J. Lfra, who turned the family business into an empire. Sam was a classic New York character, bold, media savvy, and driven by a simple idea. We build for the masses, not the classes. His masterpiece is Lafra City in Queens. Announced in 1960, it was a massive project, a 40 acre development of 2018story apartment towers. It was designed to be a city within a city. And at the time, it was the largest privately financed apartment complex in the world. For decades, it provided affordable modern homes for thousands of families. Now in its fourth generation, the LERA organization has expanded way beyond that, developing luxury properties and the huge Newport waterfront community in Jersey City. They represent a more modern kind of real estate dynasty, one that got rich not by building Fifth Avenue mansions, but by betting on the millions of working people who are the real engine of New York. In the cutthroat world of New York real estate, the Ruden family stands out for being quiet, steady, and playing the long game. For a century, they've been building and managing premier properties with a philosophy that's the total opposite of a get-richquick developer. The family firm was founded in 1925 by Samuel Rudin and his siblings who established a core principle that guides them to this day. Build, own, and operate for the long haul. Unlike developers who build and flip, the Rudins have historically held onto their properties, managing them directly. This patient strategy has given them a portfolio that includes iconic office towers like 345 Park Avenue and three time square. Now led by the third and fourth generations, the family is also deeply involved in the city's civic life. During New York's fiscal crisis in the 1970s, Lewis Rudden co-founded the Association for a Better New York, rallying the private sector to help save the city from bankruptcy. They were also key in expanding the New York City marathon to all five burers. The Ruddens show a different kind of old money power. It's not flashy, but it's as solid as the foundations of the many skyscrapers they own across the Manhattan skyline. The Gilded Age left behind more than just powerful family names. It also left behind architectural ghosts. To continue this journey, make sure you watch our next video, The Lost Gilded Age Mansions of New York, where we uncover the spectacular palaces that once lined Fifth Avenue and the incredible stories behind why they're gone. So, what does it all mean? From the AA's real estate empire to Morgan's financial dominance, from the Vanderbilt's wild extravagance to the quiet cultural power of the Whitneys and Sullsburgers, the story of New York is tied forever to the stories of these families. They did more than just get rich. They built the city's skeleton and helped give it a soul. Their money built skyscrapers and their patronage created worldclass museums and libraries that still enrich millions of lives. Their rivalries and ambitions literally defined what an American aristocracy could be, setting the standard for wealth and power for everyone who followed. And that influence isn't just history. It lives on in the institutions they built, the companies they started, and the very street names we walk down every day. New billionaires may arrive in New York every year, but they're playing in a city that these old money dynasties first dreamed up and then built into a reality. They are the architects of the world's capital. A legacy of ambition and power etched forever into the bedrock of Manhattan.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mohd__Farhan0011 [60 likes]: What really blows my mind is how little curiosity people have when it comes to manifestation and the deeper mechanics behind it. Most folks are satisfied with the recycled 'think positive and visualize' narrative — which, sure, has its place — but that’s just the surface. There’s a whole architecture of laws and principles underneath that most never even touch. The fact that so few have heard of Luna Rivers, someone who spent years decoding this hidden structure and laid it all out in Manifest the Unseen, says everything. People aren’t necessarily lacking potential — they’re just not willing to question beyond the obvious. And that comfort zone? It’s costing them their freedom.💰✨
  2. @tonygarcia5197 [3 likes]: DONALD TRUMP has NOTHING to do with the Newhouse family!!  OMG! Who did your editing? THIS BS!!!!
  3. @_vikie09 [2 likes]: loved it , thanks for the videos
  4. @SKing1691 [1 likes]: As an historian tour guide I rate the clip a D.
First you are way off in regard to old and new money families.
Second.  Pics of Whitney Houston, Trump and others that have nothing to do with the subject.
  5. @m.s.3798 [1 likes]: The  Vanderbilts were considered upstarts by the Asters and other society at the time. They were not excepted. As time went on they created their society clik.
  6. @davidhunternyc1 [1 likes]: The exploitation of labor. Not something to brag about...
  7. @marthamarlette1193 [1 likes]: Ridiculous lack of research.
  8. @ninaarcidiacono731 [1 likes]: As an Italian kid from Brooklyn, NY, I love it… just fantastic!
  9. @Radha-s2v [1 likes]: If you're reading this right now, I just want to say; I'm rooting for you. We’re strangers, but that doesn’t mean I don’t care. I know what it’s like to feel like you're pushing a boulder uphill. I felt that way until I picked up Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers I can’t explain it perfectly, but it changed my whole perspective. After checking it out on youtube and reading it things have been flowing, money, peace, confidence. Maybe this is your moment too. Stay open. Wishing you more than you ever imagined! 💫💰
  10. @JuanSainz-t9b: No more now you work for free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free free
  11. @joanipaige6706: Ugh.   There are bits of info about a bunch of families, not one as per the title.   AI crap. Shutting off  at 6 min.
  12. @REDKLOUDTV: 👑👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👑
  🕳🕳🕳🕳🔥KEITH S STINSON 3-16-76🔥🕳🕳🕳🕳
🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🔥#NYSDOC97A0784🔥🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳
 🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🔥#KARTIER #BIGO🔥🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳
  🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🔥#REDKLOUDTV🔥🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳
🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🔥#HER 0433O🔥🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳🕳
 #REDKLOUDVI5ION  #REDKLOUDVI5ION2   #GAYLEKING 
#JASMINECROCKETT #KAMALAHARRIS #MSSAMPSON 
👁#ASTOR #VANDERBILTCECIL  #CHASE #JPMORGAN👁
#DREWNIEPORENT #WHITNEY #DOCHENYS #RUDIN #AE
#SULZBERGER  #NEWHOUSE #TRUMP #STUYVESANT #E
#THENEWYORKER #STUYVESANT #LEFRAK #VOUGE #EU
#JAMESROTHSCHILD   #BILDERBERGGROUP   #ESSENCE 
#SASKIAROTHSCHILD  #EMMAROTHSCHILD   #RIOTINTO 
#NATROTHSCHILD #DAVIDROTHSCHILD #DUPONTS #WE
#FAIRCHILDINDUSTRIES #CARGILL #KOCH #HILTON #AU
#ALICEWALTON #FRANCOISBETTENCOURT #INSTAGRAM
#TEDTURNER #TURNERFOUNDATION #BISONGRILLE #AE
 🔥🔥#ROCKEFELLER #TRILATERALCOMMISSION🔥🔥
#CHRISTYSLAVIK  #TONYBUZBEE  #SDNY  #JAYCLYTON 
#KASHPATEL  #JUDGEARUN  #ERICBURLISON #MSBUSH
375  WATER  STREET  #11  AUGUSTA  MAINE 0433O #CIA 
THAT SHOULD BE ABOUT EVERYBODY ON THIS SIDE USA
MY DAD TAUGHT ME ALL THAT #AFRICANLODGE459📐
IT'LL TAKE A LITTLE MINUTE BUT I'LL GET IT THOUGH
 👑👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👌🏿👑
  13. @ShCh-n7t: 12-7 12-8 Peter come one come all
  14. @michael1345: Eat the rich.
  15. @samwise1127: Nice creepy AI photo on the headline!
  16. @gfmikols: FDR Ruined New York and America!!!!
  17. @JonathanACarr: No Rockefellers?  No Carnegies?  Is this just a sneaky video to make the Trump family look like more than the bottom-feeding frauds that they are?
  18. @সুরাজখান-ল৪ধ: need to share this because it changed everything. was stuck in the same patterns for years - overthinking, self-doubt, feeling blocked. found this book Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers randomly and the quantum physics approach to manifestation finally made things click. 3 weeks after reading: noticed synchronicities everywhere, opportunities flowing naturally, and my mindset completely shifted. if you're feeling stuck like i was, the frequency alignment method in this book works. still amazed at how different life feels
  19. @abdul-y4j7y: So many people praised this book Manifest the Unseen by Luna Rivers that I finally had to see for myself. No regrets whatsoever this book genuinely opened my eyes. Manifestation finally makes sense, and the changes Ive experienced are incredible. It deserves all the recommendations its getting. Don't sleep on this!
  20. @PusplataPusplatapalai: nice!💫💰

- What Life Was Like for the FILTHY Rich in 1920s New York City: Kind: captions Language: en The champagne cork started popping at midnight December 31st, 1929 in the grand ballroom of the Plaza Hotel. Outside, the stock market had already collapsed. Bread lines were forming. But inside, silk gowns worth more than a factory worker's annual salary brushed against customtailored tuxedos. This wasn't just a New Year's Eve party. It was the final desperate performance of an era built on outrageous excess. A world about to vanish forever. The day began not with an alarm clock, but with the silent arrival of a valet drawing back velvet curtains in a Fifth Avenue mansion bedroom larger than most immigrant apartments. A fleet of butlers, footmen, chambermaids, and a personal chef all moved through the 40 room house with the precision of a military operation, all before the masters of the house even opened their eyes. The dressing ritual was a production in itself. A wealthy man didn't simply put on clothes. He was dressed. His valet would present him with a selection of customtailored suits, each pressed to a razor's edge. Shirts were stiff with starch. Shoes polished to a mirror finish. For the lady of the house, it was even more elaborate. She'd be laced into silk undergarments by her maid, then helped into a morning gown, a specific outfit just for breakfast and receiving morning visitors. This entire process could take over an hour. The goal was to achieve an appearance of effortless elegance, but the machinery behind it was anything but effortless. Breakfast was served not at a table, but in bed or a private sitting room on solid silver trays. The menu wasn't bacon and eggs. It was a curated selection of imported delicacies. Fresh peaches shipped overnight from Florida, kippers from Scotland, coffee beans roasted that morning. The newspaper arrived, ironed to remove any ink smudges that might soil a gentleman's hands. Alongside it came the social secretary's briefing, a typed memo detailing the day's critical engagements, which charity lunchon was mandatory, which debutant ball couldn't be missed, which powerful hostess would be offended by an absence. This wasn't a schedule. It was a battlefield map for the day's social warfare. And then the first cocktail was served, often before noon. A pickme up of gin or a fortified wine was considered essential medicine for the lingering effects of the previous night's party. The rich weren't just drinking for fun. They were self-medicating the exhaustion of maintaining their own lifestyle. Meanwhile, the true engine of this luxury remained invisible. Downstairs in labyrinthine service corridors, the staff worked in a rigid hierarchy beneath a stern butler and housekeeper. They weren't allowed to speak above a whisper. They entered and exited rooms through hidden passages so the family would never witness the labor that sustained their fantasy. The gilded cage was immaculate because an army of unseen hands polished the bars every single day. By late morning, the social machinery cranked into high gear. The epicenter was the Waldorf Historia Hotel's Peacock Alley. This wasn't a hallway. It was a runway. Everyday New York's elite would parade through in their latest fashions. Women in Parisian couture, men in London tailored suits. They weren't going anywhere in particular. The point was to be seen. To display wealth so blatantly that it silenced any questions about its source. You'd stroll slowly, acknowledging some, pointedly ignoring others. A single misstep, an outdated hat, a rumor of financial trouble could trigger social annihilation. Lunch was the next performance. At the Ritz Carlton or Del Monaco, a quick bite was a 3-hour 12c course tasting menu. These meals were strategic. Business deals were struck between courses. Marriages were negotiated over dessert. You didn't just eat, youworked with a fork and knife. The food was almost secondary to the conversation, which was a delicate dance of flattery, gossip, and subtle intimidation. The weight staff were trained to be ghosts, anticipating every need without ever being noticed. A raised eyebrow was all it took to summon another bottle of illegally imported French champagne. Afternoon meant shopping on Fifth Avenue, but not as you know it. The filthy rich didn't browse. They were expected by appointment. Personal shoppers at Burgdorf Goodman or Wakers would have entire collections laid out in private salons. Money was never discussed. Everything was charged to an account. The bill would be sent discreetly to the husband's office at the end of the month. A woman might spend the equivalent of a Model T on an afternoon shopping spree without ever touching a dollar bill. This was the ultimate flex. Consumption so routine it became abstract. Then came the mandatory charity events. This was where appearance became a brutal calculation. Philanthropy was a competitive sport. Donating to the right hospital or museum was a ticket into certain circles. But the donation itself was less important than being photographed making it. Society pages would report who gave what and more importantly who was seen there. It was a suffocating paradox. You performed generosity not out of compassion but to buy social insurance. It was a world where your net worth was constantly being assessed by everyone in the room and the price of admission kept rising. As the sun set, the respectable facade of the daytime elite completely vanished. The real business of being rich began after dark. This was when the private speak easys hidden behind unmarked doors in brownstones along the upper east side swung open. You didn't find these places. You were invited. A discrete card with an address and a time, no name. You'd arrive, give a password to a peepphole, and be ushered into a world that officially didn't exist. The bootleggers who supplied these places offered a premium service for this clientele. While the average person drank bathtub gin that could blind you, the rich had access to rare scotch smuggled from Scotland and real French champagne. The markup was astronomical. A bottle of champagne that cost $5 in France would sell for over $100 in a private club, over $1,500 today. But money was no object. The point was the exclusivity. Drinking illegal alcohol was a thrill. But drinking good illegal alcohol was a status symbol. It proved your connections reached into the criminal underworld itself. Then there were the underground jazz clubs in Harlem. This is where racial barriers for a few hours temporarily dissolved. Wealthy white socialites would flock to the cotton club or smaller, more illicit spots to hear music they couldn't find anywhere else. They called it slumbing. They were tourists in a culture they exploited for entertainment, paying to see black performers, while the clubs often barred black patrons. The irony was thick. They were celebrating the freedom and rebellion of jazz while living lives bound by the strictest social codes. It was a borrowed thrill, a dangerous fantasy that ended the moment their chauffeur-driven car pulled up outside their mansion. The parties themselves reached levels of extravagance that are hard to fathom. We're not talking about a few people standing around with drinks. We're talking about hostess like Margarite Missy Maloney throwing a circus themed party with live lions and acrobats performing in her ballroom or Hope Hampton commissioning a solid silver bathtub to be filled with champagne for her guests. These events could cost more than the average American home. They weren't parties. They were public declarations of financial invincibility. The themes became more outlandish as the decade wore on. Roman orgies, Egyptian tombs, nursery rhymes acted out by adults, a desperate search for a novel experience in a life that had run out of them. And for the truly decadent, there were the hidden cocaine and opium parlors. Cocaine was the fashionable drug for the fast set, seen as a modern, energizing vice. It was sold discreetly by physicians or at certainies. Opium dens, often run by organized crime syndicates, catered to a different crowd seeking escape. The morning after rituals for those who indulged too heavily, were a science in themselves. Doctors would make house calls to administer vitamin injections and rejuvenating tonics laced with stimulants. The hair of the dog cocktail, another drink to cure a hangover, was standard practice. Their entire existence became a cycle of unsustainable stimulation and painful recovery, all funded by seemingly endless wealth. But this glittering surface masked a profound and constant terror, the fear of exposure and financial ruin. The lifestyle was a financial trap. Mansions required armies of staff. Gowns were worn once. Parties had to outdo the last one. Many of these fortunes, especially the new money, weren't as solid as they appeared. They were built on stock market leverage and debt. To maintain the illusion, families would mortgage their estates to pay for their social seasons. The pressure was immense. One failed business deal, one social misstep, and the whole house of cards could collapse. This pressure led to ruthless social calculations, most visibly in arranged marriages. For the elite, marriage was a corporate merger, not a romantic union. Fortunes were merged to create dynasties. A daughter from a family with old money but dwindling resources would be paired with the son of a crude but cash-rich industrialist. Love was an accidental bonus. These unions were negotiated in drawing rooms by parents with lawyers present. The resulting marriages were often lonely leading spouses to seek companionship elsewhere which only increased the demand for discreet private investigators hired to track weward partners. The psychological toll was devastating. The term nervous exhaustion was a common diagnosis for wealthy women. The constant performance, the pressure to conform, the emptiness of a life dedicated solely to appearance. It broke people. They weren't working in factories. They were dying of boredom and anxiety. The solution wasn't rest. It was a discreet retreat to a private sanitarium in the countryside, a sort of spa for the mentally frayed, where they would be rested with sedatives until they were ready to reenter the social world. It was a system designed to patch people up just enough to keep spending. And hovering over everything was the threat of scandal. In a world where reputation was everything, blackmail was a constant danger. This is why the private investigators weren't just hired by jealous spouses. They were hired by the rich to investigate each other, to find leverage. The fear wasn't just of financial loss. It was of social death. [laughter] To be cut from invitation lists, to be snubbed on Peacock Alley was a fate worse than bankruptcy for some. It was a gilded prison. They had everything anyone could want. Yet they lived in fear of losing it all. The very excess that was meant to display their power had become their ultimate vulnerability, a chain of obligation and expectation that grew heavier with every passing year. The collapse didn't come from a stock market ticker. It came from a camera flash at a party that went too far. While the public thought the elite downfall was economic, the real undoing was moral. In their relentless pursuit of novelty, secret society parties began crossing every boundary. The one thing their money couldn't control was a single guest who brought a camera. The resulting photographs weren't just scandalous. They were evidence of a decadence so profound it couldn't be explained away. The very excess meant to display their invincibility became the proof of their corruption. The 1929 crash merely made official what was already rotting from within. Their world wasn't ended by economics. It was eroded by a profound emptiness they could never fill. Subscribe to Untold 20s.

  Top Comments:
  1. @avondalemama470 [10 likes]: I cannot even imagine having this kind of money. 😂😂😂
  2. @fabergeegg1722 [7 likes]: The marriages were business deals,  each bringing something to the marriage the other needed or benefited from. Breeding was important too. They wanted their offspring to look superb. They wanted very beautiful daughters ,and very handsome sons. Since their marriages were business mergers, it wasn't a big deal for both spouses to have lovers on the side. High society was blasé about that, which has been going on for generations. Rule of thumb talking about such things was tacky and totally off limits. People just did those things, and everyone knew it but they didn't talk about it. Especially, girls were taught in finishing schools to getting them ready to be hostesses of parties, how to be a good hostess when giving a party such as, make  interesting conversations in their parties, and to be socialites as a whole. In addition, the girls of high society  were taught if your husband has a mistress you were supposed to look the other way because that is part of the routine of their lives.
  3. @Poppaea-Sabina [4 likes]: How did Jack have access to alcohol in the 20s version of the Overlook? How did the Overlook have a fully stocked bar?
  4. @MrJSabas [3 likes]: Sometimes I'm glad I'm juz' little ole' me!  No worries nor struggles over all that shallow nonsense!
  5. @brucewinther6926 [3 likes]: No one begrudges the wealth but I have no patience hearing about what a tough life they endured spending their fortunes and dealing with what went along with it--Those poor put upon people !!!  OH !!!    BOO HOO !!!
  6. @luvzmoveez [3 likes]: Neurosis at its highest in the 20's.
  7. @PJZZZZ [3 likes]: Loathe ai
  8. @bankruupt [2 likes]: 6:12 😂😂😂
  9. @auroratorres7873 [2 likes]: Hearing this account on the super elite of the 1920's has given me a big headache.  How were those that belonged to those societies back then actually exist?  Everything was an "appointment", a "place to be", a mandatory "invitation", the next "business deal, among other incidentals.  Their lives were scheduled every single day.  I really did not have a clue about this.  I don't think I could have survived it!
  10. @roystrickland3363 [1 likes]: Gentlemen didn't wear dinner clothes (tuxedos) at lunch and generally not before 6pm.
  11. @palatinehills [1 likes]: Wow - Victorian England & the (Gilded Age) United States of Amalek .. VILE 🤨😠
  12. @palatinehills [1 likes]: Never forget the story of the RADIUM GIRLS 😔🙏
  13. @LaurieWilliamson-t2w [1 likes]: Nothing good about the country according to Untold Twenties and their overdone content.  Include me out.
  14. @chiaralistica [1 likes]: Just know that by the 30s, a lot of these folks had to sell their fancy things and dismiss their household staff. I have even seen a book that was published back in the 30s called "Life Without Servants."
  15. @ThatJew305 [1 likes]: No biggie. I live this way all the time.
  16. @Mstimikompollard1999 [1 likes]: Enter the LA2028 Summer Olympics Games maybe one small change no dressing gown a complete outfit for him and her designer couture and the meetings and Greeting are all done in lavash elegance this is December2025 HollywoodCalifornia UnitedStatesOfAmerica
  17. @KCD-m8t [1 likes]: Kardashian mother celebrated her star studded birthday on the week when food stamps were revoked for families that depend on them and governmental workers were put on unpaid leave. What is new. Lack of philanthropy, selfishness. Did anyone had an idea to donate to needy instead of buying garb, presents, security and styling?
  18. @rafaelfrontany8482 [1 likes]: Trump all over again 😢
  19. @palatinehills: Zoo Yawk
  20. @palatinehills: These cretins were merely adult toddlers, who didn't do an honest day's work ever 🧛 😈

- Investing in Manhattan and Masterworks: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] this is where it all started in New York my grandparents came my boat and landed in that Island in about 1910. here we are over a hundred years later me and Aaron out here in New York City baby looking at the Big Time stuff because you know when the market goes bad the big guys get hit first and this one got hit hard this hotel is not open right now it has a court case pending in bankruptcy court it's big money but put up big money you can make big money the problem is unions other people telling you how to run your business now I believe in protecting workers but when the unions get involved they want to squeeze you and that can destroy your business unfortunately especially in today's trying times there's a lot of moving parts to this deal you got Union people you have to hire you you have to then it's built on land that the city of New York owns so you have to pay a lease to the city of New York so you don't own the land you gotta hire people that you're forced to hire it's a mixed project where the up top floors are mostly condominiums that are selling for millions of dollars it was a very high brand what happened was the guys didn't operate it properly and they took away the brand and they put their own name on there which could survive here in New York too but we got to really dig into the numbers because just owning this property especially being closed the carrying costs can be tremendous you got taxes lease payments insurance now if you get it open and you make enough money to own the numbers you got to see how much money can you project coming in and how much money you got going out this property here I believe at one time was probably worth at least 200 million okay they owed the bank 120 million the bank's willing to take 60 right now just to get out of it so it could be a really good deal but this is a very intense operating property okay heavy heavy management you're in New York City you're over here near the Statue of Liberty we're in the heart of Wall Street you're going to be on your top game to play in this field this is Big Time stuff do we have the money to do it yeah we could raise the money to do it but is it going to make us money because with today's interest rates and the high of course to operating in New York City you can also lose your shirt you got city tax you got state tax you got federal tax you got the hotel tax you got to charge and pay you got sales tax tax tax tax that's the problem with these states but it's definitely an interesting opportunity it's something I've never looked at before in my career something in this type of location you know this is like being on the Las Vegas Strip but in New York City I mean all we'd have to do is move here we'd have to move here only for about a year to get the place up and running and then flip it there you go you could probably make about at least 50 million we're going to spark Steakhouse we're glad he took care of Castellano and made himself The Godfather he whacked them right after he had a big steak I wonder was it before he went a restaurant or after I think it was as soon as he got there he didn't even get his last meal just imagine they were driving down the same street getting ready to go walk The Godfather you so what do you think I think it's fabulous yeah magnificent thank you after dinner I might need a doctor yeah you want some steak only Michael he's got five bags of people say they took out of here thanks a lot he's got a 500 meal in that bag all right you know I've been investing in Masterworks and I've been telling other people to invest in it well we're going to pay them a visit and see what's really going on over there and verify the inner workings of investing in art who designed that you gotta take an escalator to get to the elevator look at this we're about a hundred yards in the world in the World Trade Center with the Jersey City skyline in the background look at that view baby so let's see what Masterworks is all about because if you're going to invest in something do some homework I gave him my money now let's see where my money went oh my God I didn't know it was this big this whole thing is the marketing department this is a big Market Ben nice to meet you Abner boy a lot of people in one room I couldn't work in a room like this I get kicked out and look they got a nice kitchen here can I open the fridge that's a fridge baby look at that these are the techies you look like a techie you look really smart these guys here they control the website and the app okay and make it nice and simple and easy for you to invest in Fine Art how are you how are you hey nice to meet you nice to meet you what are we doing we're hanging out looking for some art you got anything for sale yeah we have them we've got the CEO of Masterworks the head honcho Scotland you might have seen him on CNBC he's here running his whole operation how much art do you really have here Scott so I mean the the business in general we have a we have over 800 million dollars on Art now that people have invested in through the platform here at Masterworks we have three or four paintings that are that are hanging now get back to work you got to come more often so this is our our Gallery within the office we're one of the largest collectors of an artist named kusama she's one of the top artist markets that we track I think we own probably more than a dozen kusamas now maybe more than a dozen and a half but my guess is this is a two to three million dollar painting two to three million dollar payment so this is a tarp by Keith Herring I think we bought this for two to three million dollars I think it's a price down around four million um so the value of these is gone has gone way up over time how much of it is I really want this in my house this is a giant TV Marilyn Monroe that's Marilyn Monroe Andy Warhol um this is this is a real Andy Warhol Marilyn Monroe Real Indie Warhol Marilyn Monroe the first painting ever that was was securitized really as an investment I know that went up in value yeah so we have over over 250 paintings I think that we've we've Acquired and fractionalized now and this is this is the very first one and you want more big time right here we have the acquisition Department these guys are the deal Hunters they look all over the world for the best deals in private art collections so if you don't know much about art you don't need to we've got this whole room full of people who that's all they do they're experts I'll listen to spreadsheets um they have I think it starts down there at like the 70s or 60s top right there yeah we were the first people to do that basically there are other databases in the auction houses have their own things but if you're trying to get a market global view you gotta start from scratch where do you store it all everything everything else stored in Delaware so we we do that to avoid sales and use tax and then we lend Out Paintings for Relevant exhibitions so we'll lend them out to Major museums and you have sold some right we I think we've sold about 15 paintings now but it says a couple of different things that really dictate whether we sell a painting one is if we're still bought into the artist Market or not right some artist markets obviously slow down I mean if things start slowing then we'll start selling the other is just opportunistically if we get a really great offer on a painting that we think is above fair market value then we sell you know it's about timing timing is a lot do it the economy can have a lot to do with it but when things get tough in the economy I know for a fact people run a heart yeah it's interesting I mean right now we're seeing a lot of interest in real assets generally so things like our goal during real estate but I think when we think about really the value that we're providing here this asset class has been around for hundreds hundreds of years right literally centuries I tell people that Sotheby's is 275 years old one of the the major auction houses so you you actually have a lot of data where art has been traded at public auction for decades and if you look at the prices on what paintings have been selling for they've been going up the challenge for the average person is there's no way to invest in the asset class so Masterworks is trying to solve that by making each of these paintings investable so anyone can participate you don't just have to be a big shot millionaire and put your I'll pay five million you can be part of that you can be part of the Masterworks family and you can invest in fine art it's really a billionaire in today's world billionaire billionaire yeah so everyone that signs up can do a private call with a registered investment advisor at Masterworks and really we want to do that just to be able to tailor our investment recommendations to their investment goals right and what's suitable for them and so we're really going to help investors particularly when it's a new asset class for almost every investor that signs up with us we really want to have that time typically 30 minutes 45 minutes with each new client to help them understand what are their investment goals what is their risk tolerance what are their return targets and we really use that our whole advisory team we have almost 45 people here at the firm who do that full-time who are helping those new investors understand the difference between an Albert Olin and a Keith Herring or a Jean-Michel Basquiat and what that brings to a different portfolio and so that's really what the advisory team does so basically someone who's interested in investing can talk to a real person absolutely and get educated on what might be the best investment for them we're here at Masterworks this is where it's happening baby these people are buying they're selling they're researching they got the biggest data collection you can imagine on Fine Arts thank you Masterworks for sponsoring this video thanks for having us and showing us your operation over a thousand people in our community have already signed up for Masterworks and if you want to invest in Fine Art click the link below I did what are you waiting for we went to the car on the way back to the hotel Carla found a place she wanted to stop and let me tell you nobody loves Margaritas like Carlita when you go through this door it takes you to a freight elevator and we ran into some Freight you can't make this up man I think we might have to move back shut up oh I'm moving the garbage you stay there you're safe I think you passed Harbor it wasn't getting past me now we lost the elevator this is the I'm standing next to garbage waiting to take out a rooftop bar in New York City in Times Square Donald Trump don't put up with my Shields okay normally you're supposed to go somewhere nice you don't have to worry about it but no we have to deal with Ben mala's way bath melons move business she don't need a margarita oh my God oh my God we'll never get in we made it up there we met some folks we had some margaritas we only had one of those thank God it was last call we met a car fan one day I want to be like you no you know you don't want to be fat subscribe and hit the like button adios amigos

  Top Comments:
  1. @BenMallah [45 likes]: Skip the waitlist and invest in blue-chip art for the very first time by signing up for Masterworks: 
https://www.masterworks.art/benmallah
Purchase shares in great masterpieces from artists like Pablo Picasso, Banksy, Andy Warhol, and more! 🎨
Talk to Ben over the phone! https://benmallah.com/product/consult_with_ben/
Instagram https://www.instagram.com/realbenmallah
TikTok https://www.tiktok.com/@benmallahmoments
Twitter https://twitter.com/ben_mallah 
Facebook https://www.facebook.com/Ben-Mallah-Life-for-Sale-103937901448760
Spotify https://open.spotify.com/album/7xQOjAs8SvW9gUWG80y4sZ
Merch https://ben-mallah-life-for-sale.creator-spring.com
Disclaimer link: https://masterworks.art/bmdisclaimer
  2. @rorosnusnu2035 [3 likes]: I would be careful on what sponsors you take on.
  3. @natalliaf6387 [1 likes]: Masterscams.....GET OUT YESTERDAY
  4. @SuperLorddon: Or you can always break it off drill out tap new threads go to tractor supply they will have everything you will need
  5. @TheBold1994: “You don’t wanna be fat.” 😂
  6. @VBVTV: They wacked him before he even got in the restaurant.
  7. @DavidTurner-r6z: Do Not buy in NYC Ben
  8. @whattowatchrightnow: it was after
  9. @LalaPala-ml2or: Wolf of wallstreet in arts
  10. @chrismora6480: Masterworks gotta be a scam or ponzi
  11. @ryanjohn673: 2.5 mil for dots i gotta stop painting motorcycles and paint dots I'll sell ya a deal for 1.1 mil for the best damm dots you'll ever see!!😊
  12. @thekingofnothingatall1165: what is the point of unions, when we already have quality control and franchises ... unions where designed by politicians and wise guys to funnel money from our best and most lucrative businesses.
  13. @mc.8290: Theres another entrance on to go to that bar
  14. @nielswelmers419: RWA’S BABY!!!
  15. @54454tgftfggg: Did they have a banana taped to the wall?
  16. @54454tgftfggg: Unions Democrat run city renting the property?
Doe sent make sense  run dont do it.
  17. @4ltfj: The Sparks Steakhouse cinematic is amazing
  18. @chadhaire1711: Are they going to sell any of Hunter Bidens Art??????????????? LOL....I bid $4.77
  19. @maureenviola: Masterworks has an age cap. 70. Ben is almost too old. Point being it can take years and years for them to sell and  you to get a profit.
  20. @chrismclag2258: So people buy into art but get like a tiny slice of the pie while you make money off them in the process 😂 people are so gullible

- Is It a Hassle to Own an Investment Property in NYC?: Kind: captions Language: en is it a hassle to own an investment property in new york city we'll demystify this topic in the following video i'm Nick at Hauseit based here in miami florida visit hauseit.com to learn how to save money if you are looking to buy sell or rent in new york city long island the hudson valley or here in miami and south florida so let's get started so is it a hassle to actually own an investment property in new york city this is something that most investors at least first-time investors don't think much about as they begin the process of looking for a suitable property but once you're on the other side you may start asking yourself the question is it all worth the hassle and to be clear owning investment properties in new york city or anywhere else in the world does require considerable amount of time on your part to make sure that things are running smoothly in addition to the time commitment you have the uncertainty factor of not necessarily knowing when you'll be called to arms to take care of a repair or sort out some other problem you might have with the tenant so conceivably you can go many months in some cases without hearing a peep from your tenant but then all of a sudden out of nowhere you have a litany of seemingly endless problems so in our opinion it is absolutely a hassle to own an investment property anywhere and especially in new york city the reason it's particularly difficult in new york city is because of the fact that it is very hard in most cases to find a competent repair person at an economical and fair price who can arrive and fix the problem in a timely manner you simply have so much demand from other property owners in new york city and there's a shortage of actual skilled laborers across the spectrum in terms of plumbers handymen people who can do tile and the challenge as well is even if you think you found your go-to handy person they might not necessarily be good at everything so the person you use for say plastering and painting might destroy your bathroom if you hire them to replace a cracked tile so it's about sifting through and being able to have a rolodex of qualified people within the various areas of construction which will ultimately make your life much easier as a landlord in new york city the other challenge and annoyance of owning an investment property at least in manhattan or parts of brownstone brooklyn is the fact that you have real difficulty with parking now let's take for example the case of like the lower manhattan area let's say you're on the bowery or somewhere in that general vicinity parking is extremely expensive on the street and it's hard to find so when you call somebody up let's say you call the ac repair guy he'll first ask where's your apartment and you say manhattan he might hang up the phone he might say sorry we don't go to manhattan it doesn't pay you literally have people decline you as a client because of where the property is based and so when it comes to pricing anyone you potentially discuss a repair with is presumably going to factor in the annoyance of the parking and the cost and hassle associated with it when they price or bid out your particular job the other way it can be a hassle to own investment property in new york city is if you actually don't live in the city at the end of the day you know sure you can find somebody hopefully to make repairs but without you being able to personally see the progress and the quality of the repairs you might not necessarily be very happy when you come back and see what kind of repair work has been done on your property because at the end of the day in new york in particular time is money so a lot of these contractors handy persons will do literally the bare minimum to make sure something is fixed you know i have a good personal story you hire somebody to basically change a molding around the door and the only thing they will do is literally change the molding the worker literally just left without taking out the old molding without sweeping the floor without mopping left a tool on the floor left a rag on the floor so you know you really ideally want to be in the city when you have to make repairs and of course like we said because you don't know when repairs may arise you're not necessarily going to be around just by way of it being a coincidence so we hope you found this video to be helpful we're not looking to actually deter you from buying an investment property in new york city i personally own several and i have no regrets about that but you just need to be prepared from a lifestyle perspective and from a stress management perspective about how things will unfold if and when problems inevitably do arise if you have any questions please give us a shout leave us a comment below the video or send us an email to team@hauseit.com and please don't forget to like this video and subscribe if you like our content also don't forget check out hauseit.com to learn about ways to save money if you are looking to buy sell or rent here in new york city we appreciate your time and we'll see you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @pacifiquebusiness: 🥰🥰
  2. @TinkerBellaHappy: This is a very informative video.  Thanks for sharing with us.

- Top 3 reasons why you should invest in apartments - Grant Cardone: Kind: captions Language: en why do i insist that apartments are the greatest investment of the group why should you focus here for your initial foray into real estate investing in short it's because apartments pass a number of tests that are vital to you not having to worry about whether or not you're gonna make money in a deal okay you're here to win you're here to make money i'm all in on apartments four key reasons first apartments are real assets when you own apartments and you own real tangible assets you benefit from a number of things one you benefit from appreciation going forward if you picked a good location cash flow right now while you sit and wait and it's more expensive in the future going forward to build these apartments than it was to buy them number two apartments produce positive cash flow at least they should if you bought it right if you got the right debt on it and if you pick the right property which is the holy grail of finance a concept that very few people ever get right almost as importantly as inflation same thing with cash flow you're underestimating the value of positive cash flow when you pick a property it is cash flow that gives it value going forward because one you get to keep it long term and two it gives you security when you go to sleep at night now that brings me to number three this is called the multiplier effect when rents rise if they do in your market apartment values increase look if you're ready to take the next step and start investing in real estate like a total pro you have to start with the big why why a particular class of assets you

  Top Comments:
  1. @JPPropertyConsultingLLC [5 likes]: Wishing great success to you entering into the world of apartment renting!  I come from decades of working at the large, national and statewide Property Management organizations (managing the 300 unit/500 unit apartment communities).   I teach small landlords all the tips and business practices that we train our leasing agents on over at that side of the industry.  Class topics include fair housing, marketing and leasing, application processing procedures, leasing safety protocol, proper documentation practices to minimize fair housing issues, resident retention ideas, and more.
  2. @kendrick4l511 [4 likes]: My girl needed a bank statements and stub  last week and I was worried about her loosing her not getting her new apartment 😴 but everything good now only because of deelscafe good work 👍
  3. @isakito1997 [4 likes]: hi I'm Peru im still investigating about this world cuz one of my goals is to build an appartmen here; a modest one, 5 floors, and rent it to get profit of it when I get older
  4. @sagatuppercut2960 [2 likes]: Back in the year 2001, I used to drive my dad to church. After I would drop him off, I'd drive along this street (in Los Angeles, CA) and look at the apartment buildings. I kept thinking to myself: That would be a good way to make money---owning an apartment building and collecting rent.
  5. @AmanSS890 [2 likes]: apartment rentlas are like the best investment  that keep paying you unlike stocks were you might even lose money or make no money.   never buy a house first buy aparments with positve cash flow......
  6. @integrity4032 [1 likes]: Do u recommend building new apartments or buying used wich is better?? For those starting the game
  7. @AislingBast [1 likes]: Your videos are very useful and provide lots of information. I have received lots of help after watching this post, please continue to share this kind of information. Thank you.
  8. @nicolejackson9301 [1 likes]: I think the money is in the 1bed and 1ba apartments. Millennial and Gen Z are trending toward not getting married and/or not having kids. They are also nomadic. They don't want a house....too much commitment. They want to be in cool smaller cities with hip wine bars, boutiques accessible to major cities while leaving the big city troubles behind. I predict 180 to 200k 1 bed and 1ba individual units to go to 300k+ even 4000k in about two to three years easy. I am already seeing this in parts of the East Coast and elsewhere. Other people's thoughts?
  9. @zoreoslashin7042 [1 likes]: Is that jon bernthal
  10. @SmartSara1199: Nice
  11. @memeuchiha115: sheeeeesh this a snippet from the 10k real estate training 💪
  12. @AbdulaiAbrahamKallon: Iam interested
  13. @cd3996: How much cash do you need to start with? I have a lot of Cash just sitting there, and really need to invest in Apartments investment
  14. @justinhunt3687: How do I start
  15. @quakeman-n5w5m: i hope you people are proud  to be part of putting people in misery and  in tents
  16. @rnjay01: Hello big fan here! I own a property, any advise how can I build it to a Condominium building? Thank you
  17. @lifewithNarada: Can I purchase a apartment complex with 60k ?
  18. @mikeylejan8849: Are apartments condominiums?
  19. @travisbartholomay: Thank you
  20. @JakeBayCity: Someone educate me.  Investing in apartments. Does this mean one would need to buy an entire apartment building?  If it does not, where/how do you find apartments for sale?

- The Step-by-Step Guide to Buying Out-of-State Investment Properties (2025): Kind: captions Language: en you could still invest in real estate even if it's too expensive where you live buying properties hours away and managing them long distance may sound intimidating but this is a tried and true strategy that investors have successfully used to build wealth for decades today we're going to explain how to pick a long-distance Market the steps you need to take towards actually going and pulling off an investment and a very common mistakes that you can take some care to avoid hey everyone it's Dave here from Bigger Pockets we've said it for a long time that investing where you live is probably the best way to invest for most people if you live in an affordable Market that's still true but with prices rising in so many markets outstate investing at least I believe is becoming a somewhat necessary and good opportunity for the majority of people out there and I don't see this nearly as a challenge like I said I think that there are a lot of Financial benefits and opportunities for return by choosing to invest in a different Market you can basically handpick any place in the whole country to invest that perfectly matches your strategy and your portfolio your price point you just have to follow some basic best practices and today I'm going to share some of those best practices that I've learned from my own experiences investing in different markets and I'm bringing on a very experienced long-distance investor Kathy Fey as well Kathy thanks for joining us thanks for inviting me well happy to have you here you are sort of the prototypical long distance investor right living in California super expensive there's ways to invest in California but I know you personally have chosen to invest a lot out of state can you just tell us why you've been doing it yeah absolutely when I when I first learned about real estate investing I interviewed Robert kosaki and he talked about cash flow of course many people know that's his theme and um that was just not something we understood or knew about in California most people kind of fed their properties it cost you money to own it until over time you'd probably make a lot of money on it but you know this idea of cash flow was so intriguing to me and at the time uh Robert kosaki said he was investing in Texas because of the affordability but also because of job growth and population growth to that area a lot of migration yeah this was 20 years ago that I had to dive in and learn it that makes sense cuz California was still 20 expensive 20 years ago but a lot of the rest of the country wasn't you know I started investing in Denver 15 years ago but you could find Cash Flow there now that market super difficult I haven't bought a cash flowing rental there in quite a few years um I've moved on to other types of markets and I get a lot of skepticism about that to be honest like when I tell people that I invest out of state and it was intimidating but I think the inevitability of the current market is that more and more people who recognize that real estate is a good asset class are just going to have to do this if they want to prioritize cash flow over just a pure appreciation play do you agree with the hypothesis that this needs to become more common place for more people well real estate Cycles it's just how it always has been and um you know we've seen prices go up for a decade so a lot of people have only seen really one cycle yeah but generally When Things become more affordable in expensive areas and that could be because of low interest rates uh it could be because of a housing crash you know people tend to want to buy in in populated popular areas like California when it's affordable and there's tiny little pockets when that's true like 2009 you could buy a $50,000 condo in you know in the East Bay of San Francisco or in Riverside you know it was cheap then when things get expensive and today this is the cycle we're in we're in a high interest rate high price environment then more and more people are forced to go look elsewhere so when I started it was 2005 um Easy Loans was driving prices up and and because they were artificially keeping the rates down we were seeing prices go up dramatically I think in in 2004 uh California Arizona Nevada Florida in some areas prices went up 40% in one year yeah so that just made no sense and that's when I interviewed Robert kosaki and I was like what you know I can buy a a brand new house in Dallas Texas where it has the strongest job growth and population growth in the country it's only $145,000 you know it was it was shocking yeah and I think that's super appealing right I mean it offers an opportunity to get in at a different entry point I can't say better but if you're living in an expensive city you know where the median home price is 500 600 700,000 there are places where it's still 3 to 400,000 which is still under the national median it's expensive don't get me wrong I mean compared to last years but still offers that affordability so people can sort of get into the market and in my opinion gives it more potential for upside I worry a bit about these expensive markets that they're sort of reached the limits of affordability and why personally I have taken more to investing outside of Denver and Colorado where I where I got started than in Colorado at this point and that's what happened there's affordability limits like you said and and you find out that you've hit that when sales slow down when you start to see price reductions when you start to see increased inventory and and that's what we're seeing I think the reality is that out of state investing it makes sense on paper but there is this sort of emotional fear compon opponent I've had it too there's no judgment here I just it's kind of scary to try and buy something that's an investment but is active like you need to sort of take care of this thing and you're going to be super far away from it so let's just talk through I want to spend the rest of this episode just sort of like talking through the logistics you've been doing this longer than I you've helped a lot of people do it I've done it uh a bit and I I just want to like share with people like the tactics just like step by step what do you do to go invest out of state so what do you recommend first finding a market well the the first thing I just want to address is that fear is a good thing I know that's not necessarily what people say but because people are like oh analysis paralysis and you'll never make a decision if you listen to your fear um my husband Rich actually wrote a book on this called Extreme success and it was based on you know how he jumps off Bridges and does extreme sports and the courage he needs for that and you know it really came down to um our fear is there to protect us and really if we can listen to it it will give us the answers we need so you know I understand it's scary and it it's scary for a reason because you could lose money you could trust the wrong person you could invest in the wrong part of town you could have a bad property manager in place you might not know the rules of the area so listen to The Fear it's going to protect you but don't get that paralysis like I was saying let it tell you what the next step is that's such a good point yeah yeah it's like I don't want people running out and you and I see it all the time somebody will say hey I found this property online it's $100,000 and I'm going to get it because it's cheap and we're both like no no no no no there's so much more you need to do besides look at the price of a property so so let's start there and and um generally fear is a result of lack of education and information so the first thing I tell people is you need information and for me it was a matter of getting on an airplane and going I got the tip from Robert Kaki 20 years ago he was investing in Dallas so I got on a plane and I went to Dallas now not everyone does this but it's what I needed I needed to immerse myself in that market so I understood it and I quickly learned I've told the story before I I just kind of went out and found an agent and that agent took me to a part of town that was very expensive probably three times the median home price of the area because she saw dummy on my forehead like oh you're from California you're not going to know anything about this area and I knew enough to know that a $400,000 property in Dallas was cheap for California like super cheap for California but very expensive for that area the median home price was was like 120 at the time so that's the kind of the first thing is understand what's the median home price it's kind of like when you travel you want to know what's the exchange rate or you're going to get ripped off because you just don't know um so just kind of starting there and getting some metrics of and anyone can you could look it up online it's easy right to find the median home price just Google it and that will at least keep you out of trouble a little bit I totally agree I think it it really gets you over that fear is like going and just seeing the place for yourself and you know we've done a lot of episodes a lot of videos on Bigger Pockets if you need help figuring out what Market to invest in you can go to biggerpockets.com markets look through your feed look on your YouTube channel we have a lot on the logistics what metrics you need to look at but I think when we're just talking tactics today like first step what I recommend at least is narrowing it down to two or three markets that you like strong fundamentals good job growth demographics places that are in your price point and then go visit them and I know that that is expensive but it is 100% worth it and you're going to net a higher return on your investment if you actually go and do this and spend that money I've probably looked at half a dozen or a dozen markets that I thought I would invest in I went in and I decided not to just cuz it just like wasn't the right Vibe for me and although I bear that expense I'm super happy that I didn't invest in most of those markets they few that got away but I'm happy with most of those decisions um and at least was able to like put the face to a name it's the same thing like when you meet someone like if you only meet them in Zoom you can't have the same relationship as if you meet them in person it's kind of looks the same thing when When selecting a market yeah there's there's a feeling everyone has their strengths right some people are super analytical they like numbers I'm a sensory person I guess you could say so I do need to feel it I need to go there know where the downtown is know where the hot parts of you know that where everybody likes to go out and so forth what are the freeways where are people in that metro area wanting to live Y and and that can take a weekend unless you know somebody already they could they could show you around and cut that process down but for me I didn't have anyone when I first started I found quickly that working with a real estate agent with no experience an investment property um is a mistake too often agents will just guess on what a house might rent for because you know they don't know totally uh so making sure if you have an agent they specialize in investment property and hopefully they own it I mean that would be the The Best of Both Worlds is they own investment property they've done it they know where people are wanting to live and what the rental rates are in those areas so I pivoted I just remember asking myself okay I just figured out I can't trust this agent who can I trust and that's when I just started calling every property manager I could get my hands on and going into their office to meet with them many of them would show me a map and they'd be like this is where we're getting most of the calls if you know and I would say what would you buy being the property manager what would you buy that you could manage easily and they you know they're just a wealth of information because they're stuck with with the property right they're gonna have to manage it they don't want to get you junk that they can't rent out totally I I completely agree I want to come back to that idea of a PM first but just for everyone remembering the logistical steps here I think we might have forgotten something because we're saying pick a market and go there but I would say pick two or three markets next step is to line up these meetings that we're talking about so line up meetings with like multiple real estate agents ideally have conversations with them first don't have the first call the first Contact be in person that's could be a waste of your time I would say you know pick three to five people agents three to five property managers call them all before you go there and then pick one or two of each that you feel pretty good about and then line up meetings that's at least what I've done in the past yeah um and I find it to be super helpful one you'll get a Vibe but two compare and contrast how different levels of service different perspectives on the market personally like I am very analytical and I'm in general an optimistic person but when I come to underwriting deals I want the most pessimistic person on the world telling me what to do things like I want my pm to be like you know the rents are low like maybe you can get them up a little bit I like to see someone who thinks about investment and risk in the same way that I do um and some people are overly optimistic in my opinion or base their numbers on red growth or home price appreciation on the period from 2020 to 2022 and they're like hey look property has went up 20% they're going to keep going up that rates no they're probably not uh and so looking at people who have the same perspective is going to be really helpful and like Kathy said I personally don't even like to lead them I'm not like hey I like this neighborhood I'm analytical so I look that up ahead of time but I let people say to me I say where would you invest like what if you were me what's the move and I I literally say that to people and I have them show it to me and if I buy it I'll work with them if I don't then it's time to move on to someone else or pick a new market if you don't buy anything that anyone in that market can offer you yeah yeah I mean all all of that is so true at the end of the day you're dealing with salespeople and you just you just have to know that if they're really desperate for a sale they're going to make everything sound good but if they're experienced and really care about your future they will talk about the downsides along with the upsides someone who doesn't understand investment property is is just not going to understand those types of things maybe the area they show you is great for a homeowner but not so good for an investor that was kind of the case with me on that first agent well we've talked about the first step is sort of narrowing down your list scheduling a visit orchestrating the right people to meet with we do have to take a quick break but when we come back we're going to talk about what comes next on your search and execution on investing out of state before we go to break I want to thank our sponsor recently for the previous segment Rec simply is the all-in-one CRM Built For Real Estate Investors you can Auto automate your marketing get skip tracing for free send direct mail and connect with your leads all in one place head over to re simply.com BiggerPockets now to start your free trial and get 50% off your first [Music] month all right welcome back to the Bigger Pockets podcast I'm here with Kathy FY talking about how logistically tactically step byep you invest out of state so far we've talked about narrow down your markets go on and visit them who you should talk to while you're in those markets Kathy let's just assume you find one you know you go to two or three you find one that you like if you have a good vibe on what comes next how do you actually pull off buying something so once you found your your market and you found your team there's more things you need to understand obviously like let's just do a basic one property taxes right getting that proforma out and not just understanding price points of the area I mean that's first I need you need to understand median income median home price of the area next step is all the other details on that proforma right yeah absolutely yeah I think the step for me that comes once you pick a market or even if you're narrowing down the next two is sort of what is a good deal in that market that comes down to one talk to your agent talk to your property manager figure out how you're going to get deal flow you need to start looking at a lot of deals and to Cathy's point then you need to stress test your assumptions like put in different numbers figure out what rent growth is really going to be what are your taxes going to be what is your insurance cost the big ones that you really I worry about are one is like appreciation assumptions yeah rent growth assumptions and expenses and that's sort of the art to investing anywhere this isn't just true out of state this is just true of underwriting deals do you have any recommendations for how people get comfortable underwriting an out ofate deal again to me the property manager is the biggest help there on helping you plug in the right numbers because a salesperson might skimp on some of that stuff so getting as much information as possible on what the real costs are going to be you know age of property and condition of property is something people miss so many times if someone's investing for out of state and it's their first investment ever do you recommend I probably would just skipping a renovation trying to buy something that's TurnKey because it feels like a lot to take on New Market first time investing and a renovation there's a lot of moving Parts there if you've never done it before oh absolutely I I mean your first investment property and sometimes People's First Property ever is their first investment property yep so there is so much to learn in that transaction make it easy for you you know just even the process of getting a loan and getting insurance and interviewing your property manager these are Big deals so just keep it simple a newer home would help an area that has a or BCL class schools um generally families like to live in areas with good schools and they'll tend to stay longer if their kids are happy in school they don't want to move their kids too much so you you might not be getting the best deal ever but you're going to get a safe one a good one by by just you know don't go into those high crime areas because you know the price is low and you got a huge discount and you you know you can do these renov it's it's too much if you're inexperienced 100% And I can almost guarantee you're going to lose money if you do it that way yeah totally I I I think it's it's super hard to do you know my first deal that I did out a state that I own directly I did a renovation but I did a very modest scope on purpose I didn't go in and say I'm going to like change the layout or gut something you know like I'm going to renovate the kitchen I'm going to renovate you know do a cosmetic rehab and even that was still a challenge but I was able to pull it off it is definitely possible but I would recommend that's more for people who have invested in their own Market or in a different market and sort of have the experience to do that um so I think that that's a really important component of out of state investing and getting over the fear that we were talking about is like just set yourself up for Success like you don't have to take this just giant leap where everything has to go right on the first deal I really think learning and not losing is the number one objective of the first deal that you do in any market and so find a corresponding property with that and also find an agent who understands that and is not going to you know pitch you some deal that could have a huge Roi but it's fraught with risk or you know is going to require a lot of your time I think we talk about a lot on the show but it really comes down to your goals and if you're out of state investing I personally think the first goal should be learn make a solid return doesn't have to be great like Kathy said um and that will really sort of narrow your focus and help you pick which deals you should be seriously considering and actually going in underwriting yeah cannot emphasize that enough that you know if you know your strategy and and you know you're just buying this as an investment more of a passive investment because you're busy then get something newer in a nicer neighborhood now if you are unemployed and you can go and spend some time there that's different but another mistake that people make and they make it over and over again is they don't calculate the cost of that like if you have to go do a renovation and you have to go stay there and pay for flights and hotels and food and take work off or whatever that has to be calculated in the cost of that deal I often just think about when I'm looking at an out ofate market like what is your advantage and mine is not going to be renovation like you know the the trying to find the gems that you can renovate and really do a great value ad it's for the hustlers you know it's going to be people who are doing direct to seller marketing for wholesalers to house flippers and they're good at that because they're there every single day looking for these deals these Diamonds in the Rough and as an out ofate investor my advantage is that I'm bringing capital and I can buy things that might be a little bit more expensive relative to that market but it's less expensive for me and I can afford to buy something that is in better condition like that is the advantage that I have in that market I don't want to be competing against people who know the market better than me I want to be competing against other out of-state investors for the good properties that are going to be low maintenance easy to maintain over the long run uh so I just really recommend people try and think about that and not try and do something that isn't really in your wheelhouse especially in a new market but Kathy now we need to talk about actually making an offer do you go visit the property in person do you do it sight on scene we're going to get to that right after this break before we go into the break though I want to remind everyone that both Kathy and I will be speaking at bigger pocket's new virtual Summit called momentum 2025 if you haven't already heard about it it's an 8-week virtual investing summit starts February 11th anyone who signs up gets live access to 18 investing experts we're also going to have all sorts of accountability groups and Mastermind groups that you can join to meet other investors just like you Kathy you and I are talking about the state of the market in 2025 so we're going to get all into the econ part I'm excited to uh have you as back up on that as we try and forecast what is happening in this confusing Market are there any things you're particularly looking forward to talking about yeah I mean you got to you got to look at it every year I mean really every every few months every quarter you should looking at the state of the market and you and I are probably doing that Weekly um so yeah I think there's going to be a lot of changes in 2025 there already are and we need to be aware of those so I'm I'm super excited I mean some of it comes down to inventory which areas have too much are overs supplied which are undersupplied how you know some of the new administration's policies might affect real estate so it's going to be a whole new year and we need to understand it 100% yeah we're we're talking a lot today about tactics but if you not the big picture make sure to tune in to the virtual summit we're going to be getting all into that and how you can achieve momentum to build your portfolio in the coming year we'll be right back welcome back to the Bigger Pockets podcast when we left off I was going to ask Kathy about actually making an offer on a property and how you do that Kathy you talked about visiting a market beforehand but do you also do that before you make an offer do you do it with when you get under contract you do it not at all what's your strategy to making offers so for me personally once I visited the market once I've chosen my property manager my my real estate agent um you know once I kind of understand the areas in which neighborhoods I want to be in then I don't mind buying site on scene because the deal you want may not be there the weekend you're there you know it just might not be the the best deal or there might not be anything for you but you understand it well enough and you understand your team well enough I mean a little example would be walking into a property management office where they have Stacks and stacks of files on every desk I've seen those or you walk into a place where every desk is clean and organized and you know wow these people are on top of things so once you have that team in place then oh my gosh just send me a deal and I'll buy it I don't need to it I don't need to it you can do enough work um as you know online um to view that property and to underwrite that property so many ways to really understand that market totally um obviously Bigger Pockets has a ton of resources for you but yeah no I I still have properties that I've never seen yeah well it's funny you say that I I last year I bought my first two properties site unseen and then just last week two days ago I went to go visit them for the first time yeah um and it was awesome I was super happy about it cuz they were exactly what I expected they weren't better than I expected they weren't worse than expected and that's felt great to me that I was able to accurately evaluate the deal using my agent using my property manager and using my own skill as an investor uh and it was awesome and I went there and looked at a bunch of deals that I was considering writing on and I walked away probably empty-handed there was nothing I really liked but I learned more about that market to just only increase my confidence for next time I get sent one that I actually like I now have better ideas of what tenants like I have better ideas of what neighborhoods have grown in the last year since I last visited um and so I do think it's important to visit regularly I like doing that um but I don't personally think you have to be there for the offer for the inspection there's plenty of other information that you can get if you want to I think it's fine like I think my recommendation would be if you have that kind of flexibility and you're particularly nervous once you get something under contract within the inspection period you can go fly out it's probably going to be a short turnaround but if you want to do that you can but having done it sight unseen you can definitely do it that way too oh yeah no absolutely I mean coming back to what you said that I I want to make sure people hear you can get a third-party inspector you should to inspect your the property whether you're there or not if if the property were next door I'd still get in inspector I still would have no idea the condition of the property until I got that inspector so that's just me cuz I'm not a contractor I don't know how to fix things so I need to rely on someone else they don't need me there I need them to get their Expert Eyes on it always get an inspection and get as many as you can you know because that's your eyes and ears then same if if you're financing you're obviously going to be forced to get an appraisal but I do know a lot of people who pay cash because in some of these areas the price points are pretty low maybe they're doing a 1031 exchange and they can pay cash and they forget to do what the bank would require which is these things and you know an appraisal like why would you not get a third- party appraiser to give you the report that you need it's you know $400 or $500 for a hundreds of thousand dollars worth of investment you know you just get those third parties licensed licensed and yes yeah so I'll just walk people through what I do like the steps because I think what you mentioned about an appraisal and inspection is super important the order of operations I've gone through is I get the deals from my agent I analyze the ones that sort of like pass the sniff test to me and that are in the parts of town are within my buy box I do the analysis and then you know I have my agent walk the property that's the next step I want the agent to go there for me and take videos actually you know go in there with a phone and take videos ideally if I can orchestrate it I have the property manager go at the same time if not and I still like the deal I have the property manager go and I really like getting those two opinions on the property from the agent and from the property manager not cuz one's wrong or necessarily trying to sell me something I shouldn't be buying but they just have different perspectives like you said Kathy like my agent was promoting one in a market that I liked and probably has great appreciation and my property manager said you know what they just passed this law where there's these new rental licenses and this one's going to have XYZ challenges and we're going to have longer vacancy while we get this one up to speed it's not that my agent didn't know it but he was thinking a little bit more about the value of the property where my property manager was thinking about more about the practicality of getting this thing leased quickly yes and I actually still bought the deal but it was just knowing that and like building th those assumptions into my performa really helped me sort of think through it and so I think having both of those people walk through it is great then you write the offer and at which point you get the inspection you get the appraisal make sure you back it up so at this point you're getting three or four different sets of eyes on a deal before you go and buy it even if they're not your own eyes that to me feels like enough especially if you're buying something that's not a 1910 house that needs a gut rehab you know if you're buying something that's you know built in the last 50 years and has been maintained relatively well three or four sets of eyes feels good enough to me yeah I mean you just made such a great point that always have your property manager look at the property before you're out of the contingency period um you can tie up the property but have you know the five or 10 days contingency and have them determine if they think they can manage it if they recommend that and what it would rent for and any issues it might have yeah people sometimes skip that step and they shouldn't so then last thing you know hopefully you write an offer you you can close on a deal and for me at least after that it's pretty easy like I arrange for the key transfer through my agent and my property manager and depending on whether it's leased up or not you should have a plan to get it leased up or if you're going to do any Renovations you should have a plan to hopefully hit the ground running but Kathy do you have any other advice for people like once they actually close in a deal how to maximize their chances of success in an out ofate investment yeah just be sure to uh go through your checklist I know we have a checklist on our side I'm sure bigger ET is too sometimes people will close especially if they're all cash um and forget to have the insurance in place or forget you know certain things you know have that checklist in front of you make sure you've got your insurance in place before you close right um so little things like that and then being in communication regularly with your property manager because some of these companies are growing quickly maybe they're not going to give you as much time as you deserve and um you want to make sure they have a portal this would be one of the question I ask a property manager is how are you going to communicate with me and you know there's enough great technology today like AppFolio or you know there's lots of them out there where you can log in and see what they're doing and how they're marketing and so forth so making sure that you're in very good contact with with the property manager that's a really good point to set expectations with the property manager too because sometimes people are like you know I'll report quarterly or I'll report monthly or I'll report hopefully not annually but you know having those ations is really important and I think just one last piece of advice like I literally you know this is fresh on my mind because I was just talking to my property manager the other day and I really feel it's important to set your expectations as the owner as well like what you want from them in terms of reporting but the type of business that you want to run because I was telling him that I'm the type of person who would much rather be proactive and pay for something before it breaks I would rather fix something before the tenant notices it like that's just me and my strategy in real estate and he said you know you're really different than a lot of my owners who get really frustrated if I spend $50 without asking them and I was like really glad that I had that conversation with him because you he was like now understanding where I'm coming from and the type of business I want to run the type of risk mitigation I want to do for the long-term viability of my investments and so just having that conversation now he knows like he has a little bit more freedom to think like an owner and to act on my behalf than he would if you don't have that conversation and he's just going to go on presuming to no fault of his own that I think like a lot of the other owners so I think it's on you to really make sure that you're establishing very clear expectations and regularly checking in with your team to make sure that those expectations are being met yep all right well we we got to get out of here Kathy this was fun but we were running out of time but just as reminder the things we talked about are narrowing down your list again we have tons of different resources you can look at if you need help figuring out how to pick a market tons of other ones but for today's episode want to highlight the ideas that you need to pick a market you should go visit and schedule all of those appointments with property managers and with your agents then you want to really learn how to underwrite deals in this neighborhood really well test of your assumptions get quotes on everything learn to underwrite your deals have people walk your properties two or three different sets of eyes before you make an offer once you offer just make sure you have those expectations set with your team for reporting for operating your business and you can do it it it sounds hard I can tell you it's really not I've done it it takes me I think probably two hours a month to manage each properly it's absolutely doable and highly encourage people to not get discouraged or intimidated by this but actually just follow these steps and figure out a way that you can make this happen absolutely all right well thank you so much Kathy I appreciate you being here today today and sharing your expertise with us thanks for having me it's always fun if you have any questions on how to invest out of state you can always hit me up you can hit Kathy up we will put our links to our social media and other contact information I love talking about this stuff so if you have any questions please let me know if not we'll see you for another episode of the Bigger Pockets podcast very soon thanks for listening

  Top Comments:
  1. @DonaldMark-ne7se [98 likes]: I think it's time to make it more appealing for potential buyers. Real estate can be quite the rollercoaster! the stress and uncertainty are getting to me. I think I'll cut rents to attract potential buyers and exit the market, but i'm at crossroads if to allocate the entire $680k liquidity value to my stock portfolio?
  2. @DaveCulbertson645 [77 likes]: I Hit $32,590 today. Thank you for all the knowledge and nuggets you had thrown my way over the last week. i started with 5k in last week 2025.... now i just hit $32,590
  3. @GucciFarmer-x2o [52 likes]: Informative video, but it’d be better if you talked about real money. Talk about Moonacy Protocol—it’s hundreds of transactions every day. What you’re discussing isn’t as exciting
  4. @wellingtonmichael1397 [16 likes]: Real estate is good, but the stock market is a better way to hedge against inflation. Most notably amidst recession, investors need to understand where and how to allocate funds to hedge against inflation and still make profits.
  5. @chriswuzhere91 [8 likes]: Am I a dumbass? I didn't hear any steps on how to buy out of state, just advice.
  6. @tanishadean1994 [3 likes]: Did you start investing out of state as a business or as an individual? I am looking to invest out of state under my LLC, but registering as a foreign LLC requires just as much (Registered Agent, office, license) as registering in my home state.  Just curious how you started and what you would recommend.
  7. @cavasotti [2 likes]: Out of state works but the team you build is everything. I have 10 doors across 3 states (AL, FL, SC) and the properties that perform consistently are the ones where I vetted the PM carefully and set clear communication protocols upfront. Biggest mistake I see: people treat PM selection like an afterthought. It is the most important hire you make as an out-of-state investor. Things to verify before you commit: how they handle maintenance approval thresholds, how frequently they disburse, what their vacancy and turnover process looks like, and whether they will share detailed line-item statements rather than summary-only reports. A PM that sends vague monthly statements and slow disbursements will cost you far more than a slightly higher management fee from a transparent operator. Interview at least 3 PMs per market and ask them to show you a sample statement from a current client. You will learn everything you need to know from that one document.
  8. @TexasPropertyInsider [1 likes]: It’s the first guide I’ve seen that marries tech‑driven scouting with real‑world safeguards, giving investors like me the confidence to scale beyond our backyard.
  9. @thomasreedy4751 [1 likes]: IDK … I have been in enough smelly houses to know that I’d like to perform an actual sniff test.

Maybe that is something you learn to ignore as a real estate investor.😂
  10. @josephcacciapaglia4753 [1 likes]: I've bought pieces of investment properties in 14 states in the last couple of months. Fractional real estate is by far the easiest way to invest out of state.
  11. @cavasotti: The PM vetting process is where most out-of-state investors skip steps and end up regretting it. I am invested across 3 states with PMs in each market and a few things I learned early: ask for a sample owner statement before you sign. How they present your financials tells you a lot about how organized they actually are. Ask for a reference from an investor who left them, not just the happy clients they hand-pick. And call their office as a prospective tenant first to see how fast they respond. Once you are in the relationship you are trusting them with your asset from a distance. The vetting work upfront is how you avoid spending the next year trying to exit a bad PM contract. Also read the full fee schedule closely. Management percentage is the headline number but placement fees, renewal fees, and repair authorization thresholds are where real cost differences show up. I have seen 8 percent managers cost more than 12 percent managers once you add everything up.
  12. @amarpatil108: Hi Dave. Thank you for this podcast even though it’s 10 month old, it really got me out of my protective zone as I am beginning to start my investment. You mentioned about reaching out for further questions. How do I reach out? Apologies if I missed some information.
  13. @franciscolopez5901: How much capital is a good amount to reach to be able to start looking?
  14. @rogeradelson4611: Is it possible to invest out of state without a property manager or no?
  15. @MargorieGupta: Wexxo’s tokenomics make it a great long-term play.
  16. @Kelly123-k3b: Thank you
  17. @sidneyloiseau1510: Great stuff. Thanks

- Basic Steps to Buying Multifamily Properties for First-Time Real Estate Investors: Kind: captions Language: en so you're thinking about buying your first investment property your first multi-family building and so we've created this really neat seven-step process on getting started to walk you through and kind of take those initial first steps to make sure that you have all the right information to make the right decision so let's kick it off caleb so let's let's talk about the benefits i mean we work with a lot of clients we've helped so many clients get started some people are just getting started others are buying their third their 10th property what are some of the benefits that you hear from them when they invest in real estate yeah so that's obviously the first question that we get and there's two quick answers that jump to the front of line appreciation or cash flow you can't have both so it's important to choose one up front obviously leverage is real important it's it's one of the most leverageable assets that's out there unlike stocks if you want to buy 500 000 worth of stocks you need 500 000 so let's talk about leverage really quick so when when caleb says leverage he's talking about getting a loan from the bank and so the best way to kind of explain this is it's possible that the majority of the purchase financing comes from the bank so you as the bar are gonna put very little down in some cases as low as three and a half percent five percent maybe 20 percent and the bank is really taking all the risk they're the ones putting up the money and so what we say when we talk about leverage or positive leverage is making money on the bank's money let's just assume that you're borrowing at three percent interest rate but we know for a fact looking back at historical trends that the appreciation of real estate is uh 6.3 so you're making over three percent on the bank's money they're putting up all the risk and that's what we're talking about leverage let's so let's continue with some of the other benefits that we that we hear so another main benefit is it's a tangible asset you can go visit the property you can go touch it you can feel it you can make sure it's still standing and operating properly which is unlike a lot of other alternative investments there's a lot of tax benefits to it and now while this video is going to be more of an overview we'll have other videos where we really dig into like what exactly is a tax benefit but this at the end of the day will save you money on taxes because you own this investment the government is rewarding you for buying property there's a positive economic attribute that happens when an individual buys a property so let's talk about partnership so that's another good good thing about buying apartment buildings is that you could partner up caleb and i have partnered up together sometimes we'll bring someone else in and we're able to bring our proceeds together go get a loan and go buy a property so this is something that you don't have to do it alone you can but you have the option to partner up so those are some of the benefits let's talk about step two what's the main motivation what's the plan what's the goal let's let's talk about that yeah so there's a a lot of different driving factors for someone to want to get started in real estate investing understanding that is key up front so some of the main motivations that we hear from investors that we work with is creating generational wealth something that they can create watch grow and then pass on to future generations that's one of the ones that stands out another motivation is cash flow if you have an asset that's going to give you an extra income at the end of every month at the end of every year then why wouldn't you make that jump you know and here's an interesting thing when we talk about appreciation we know from historical trends and we have financial models to prove this that properties in southern california they're going to double every 10 to 12 years and so here's something that we've kind of come up with if you want to be a millionaire buy a four plex for a million dollars and within 10 to 12 years it's going to double it's going to be worth 2 million as shocking as that is that has been proven time and time again every 10 to 12 years you're going to double so if you buy something for 2 million it's going to be 4 million so if you want to be a millionaire i tell people buy your first fourplex that's a great way to get started again we have cash flow and sometimes i tell people we're not going to have cash flow in the beginning years sometimes we're borrowing so much money from the bank that the rents that come in are going to offset the mortgage so long as we're at a break even but the property's appreciating we're going to be in a very very good position some of the other benefits that some of our clients have mentioned is it's given them freedom some folks have been able to retire and all they do is manage their their real estate they love to go water the the lawn check in with the tenants and it's given them freedom and it's allowed them to retire and that's just a really big plus and so when we're talking about the benefits we want you to know what is it that motivates you why are you wanting to do this and knowing that will help us better guide you so step number three is getting pre-approved can you walk us through the process and does this cost us anything it's totally free the only thing that it's going to require from you is maybe a little bit of time and energy and some homework now the homework's not daunting don't worry all the lenders really going to want to see is tax returns proof of income in the form of pay stubs and obviously they'll run your fico and with those three components they're able to give you a dollar amount that you can purchase and with that we're gonna game plan make up a strategy that makes perfect sense based on the motivation that we've already discussed and we'll get the ball rolling set you up on a search now a lot of people say caleb how long does this take again it costs nothing in most cases if you have all the documents already in place it'll take about three days for them to get you your pre-approval letter just to reiterate it's free it takes three days to get pre-approved so long as you have your documents in order and some of this stuff is just your tax returns paycheck stubs when caleb talks about fico we're talking about your credit score all that's done by them you don't put up any of your money and it doesn't really hurt you in any way oftentimes we get people that contact us they're interested in buying and there's something holding them back and they just wonder and they wonder whether they are going to be approved for it for a building and i say let's stop wondering let's just know for a fact either you qualify or you don't but that's going to give you a really good positive feeling knowing that hey i do qualify and i qualify for this amount yes i can pull it off or i don't and if and if we can't then we'll assist you in either improving that credit or maybe saving up a little more money having a game plan to have enough reserves to be able to buy a building so so that's step three let's move on to step four and that's choosing the right agent not all agents are are made equal there's a lot of agents caleb that focus in strictly on multi-family right absolutely absolutely and probably the most common mistake that i see investors that we work with make is wanting to work with maybe a friend or a relative because at the end of the day it's not that difficult to get a real estate license now it is difficult to do really well and provide the results and give the level of service that the client deserves but ultimately working with a friend or a relative that's not full-time that doesn't do this 40 50 60 hours a week it's going to be really really hard in a competitive market to ultimately purchase the investment that you see is you know the best fit for you and so just to touch on that some people treat real estate the profession as a hobby they they do it part time here there when someone reaches out to them for us it's our profession we take it seriously we we invest a lot in our education and getting better so we can provide you the service and so for us when it comes to wanting to buy your first investment property we suggest that you go with a broker that strictly does multi-family someone who not only owns this type of property but someone who specializes in knows all the unique facets and buying an investment property you will find a lot of residential agents who do a spectacular job at selling houses but they don't have a lot of history in selling multi-family so if you're in this area we certainly recommend that you reach out to us if you're out of the area reach out to us because we know other folks in the san diego area or all over the nation there are affiliates of ours who we know specialize in will be a good source when buying your first investment property and juan brings up a good point you know there's there's tons of stellar residential agents out there that that are really good at selling homes now the reason why he brings up maybe some of the extra challenges when it comes to buying units is there's a whole other set of criteria a whole nother set of obstacles that need to be overcome so working with someone that does this day in and day out is essential because dealing with tenants can be a headache making sure that you're given the proper notices and managing the building in the proper manner is is huge right and so working with someone that's not quite familiar with that you'll find that a lot of those headaches get passed on directly to you and everyone's sitting there scratching their head trying to figure out what to do so there you have it that's step four and that's choosing the right agent to represent you on your behalf let's talk about step five which is writing offers so now we're pre-approved you've chosen the real estate broker that's going to represent you so now you're submitting offers what's what's that mean caleb when we're submitting offers so we write offers day in and day out for clients at all different price points all different unit counts and so in a nutshell there's a few components that are are really the main terms of the offer so obviously one is the price the second is going to be the escrow period and the down payment and obviously there's three contingencies which are going to be the physical contingency the appraisal contingency and the loan contingency a lot of agents think that price is really the only way to stand out now when you're working with professionals that again do this every day you'll find that there's ways to kind of chop down some of those contingency periods you know outside of price that will make that offer stand out amongst a pool of competitors because let's face it it's a hot market it's hard to secure investment and so working with someone that knows what they're doing and the different ways to structure an offer is is really important one of the questions that we get is how do i know if it's a good deal if you're working with the right agent then hopefully that agent is is able to show you that that you're you're making a wise decision on this investment right we want to make sure that that it's going to make you money that you're not overpaying for the property and that it's a property that we could make some renovations to it maybe we could add some value to it to raise the rents and so when it comes to choosing the right property we look at everything that's on the market we compare across each other with with a program that we have we call it the investigator and so we look at every property out there we let you know if cash flow is important you buy this if location is important then we're going to show show you some properties in that area and so when writing the offers we play a very active role in making sure that we advise you and after the first couple offers it gets easy we always tell people don't fall in love with the first property you see because the market's so hard right now that we're you know sometimes writing five to eight offers per client to get them that right property because some things will get outbid and we won't be in a position to win that property so so that's step five writing the offers step six which is the escrow period which happens after they accept our offer so once we have the winning offer we go into step six which is escrow uh let's talk about that process like what goes on while we're in escrow escrow seems to be a kind of a tricky subject for a lot of people that are new to this so in a nutshell like one said once we have the offer accepted we can officially open escrow we'll send them the purchase agreement at that point they're going to reach out with some specific instructions to get in that initial deposit now that initial deposit shows the seller that you're serious about proceeding they now have a little trunk in hand so they can sleep well at night knowing that you're not going to get cold feet and back out now once that escrow has opened that's when those contingencies that i mentioned before start to begin if you have a let's say a 10-day physical investigation the clock starts ticking once we've opened escrow now as your representatives we're going to make sure that we're in a position to succeed we're going to make sure that we have all our ducks in a row so it's as smooth and stress-free as possible because like we mentioned this is your first time we want to make sure that we're guiding you appropriately and making it again as stress-free and as smooth as possible a question that we commonly get is if my offer is accepted and if i don't buy it do i lose my deposit yeah that's a number one question obviously when you're putting in three percent of the purchase price or two percent of the purchase price that's a significant chunk so when you have the three contingencies in place what those serve as a buyer are protections now it's a very clear process there's forms that need to be signed to remove each of those contingencies now sometimes we remove several at once sometimes in most cases we'll remove one at a time now we'll make it very clear that your deposit is fully refundable until we remove all three of those contingencies again we'll make it super clear and be very specific when it comes time to remove each of those so you know what you're getting into and we'll remind you that hey at this point we need to know whether you're serious about proceeding or whether maybe this isn't the right investment because we don't want to put your deposit on the line and risk losing it which in fact we've never done with a buyer ever before so you're in good hands one other thing that we do discuss in this escrow period that's the time that we're going to have access to investigate the property so we're going to be able to get the termite inspector out a home inspector a plumber who comes out here to make sure that the sewer line is in good shape sometimes we get a roofing inspector out there this is the time where we investigate the property we have a long list of vendors that we trust we schedule them right when our offer gets accepted and their job is to pretty much look under the hood of the car make sure uh how's the plumbing how's the electrical how's the roof the major components and in times the properties will need work we negotiate every day and so at that moment is when we advise you we're going to help negotiate repairs asking the seller to fix these items that we found or we're going to ask for the seller to lower the price or give us a credit now these are all things that happen in escrow but uh just some important facets you don't buy the property as is right you don't have to you're not going to lose your deposit and we are given a window of investigation period at this moment we're talking every day several times a day and we're advising you the entire the entire process once everything's done we close the property you get the loan and now you're the new owner our job is not done yet a lot of other agents jobs are done when they close the the escrow they get paid for their time we stay on we have extensive appraisal property management background and that's when we advise them with forms how much to lease your property out for dealing with some of the tenants that have stayed in place notifications turning utilities on in your name which we know sometimes doesn't get done properly which gets me to step seven which is ownership let's talk about ownership caleb just kind of give us an overview of what that's like once we're finally there the final step of owning our first investment property now that we're almost through the process again like one said we don't just go away once escrow closes you know we're here as your advisors to guide you through that initial phase of ownership because we acknowledge that this is your first go at it so you know when when you first take over the asset you want to make sure that you have the leases in place we'll handle a lot of this in escrow but to have your system set up to where you have the leases easily accessible we'll let you know when it's time to maybe raise the rents you know there's a lot that goes into it so again having the property management background owning buildings ourselves we've uh you know done this for a really long time so we could certainly guide you and position you to have a smooth transition into that early phase of ownership so you know making sure that the property is being maximized so obviously you're buying this because of the income that it produces and there's certain changes there's tweaks and improvements that you can make to the property to make sure that you're maximizing that investment so you know we'll come in we'll take a quick look at the units and we'll say hey you know you could improve the flooring you could slap some new paint on the walls maybe add laundry wherever possible parking as you know in southern california is always a challenge so anytime you can give parking to a tenant not only is that going to allow you to maybe ask a little bit more for the rent but you're giving the tenant an amenity that's going to improve their quality of life which in turn makes them stay for a lot longer the air conditioning is always a big amenity and when you're able to amenitize a unit the tenant's going to stay longer they're going to be happier overall and ultimately that's going to lead to less headaches for you as a new owner we're not going to manage the property for them but we're going to kind of oversee the ownership for you one of the things that caleb mentioned was we try to find out where can we add more parking where can we maybe add a patio area that maybe was a common area but maybe we could enclose it make it be private to the unit and where can we add laundry now all this stuff takes money you need to have a good list of contractors and that's a benefit about working with us is that once the transaction is done once you're the new owner you have access to all the vendors that we have and the vendors that we have we've used for years we trust them and they are more than willing to help our clients when we reach out to them so we don't close the transaction and go away in fact we play an active role in making sure that you're making the right decisions so with that being said those are your seven steps we know you're going to have more questions this is just the first seven steps in purchasing your first property and i guess the next step would be scheduling a an appointment with caleb and i so we can learn more about your investment goals we pride ourselves on helping everyone at every stage of ownership and so having that consultation is the next natural step again so we can understand your motivations come up with a strategic plan to help you succeed especially when the market is super competitive and we look forward to hearing from you because we take pride in what we do and we want to help you on your way to financial freedom

  Top Comments:
  1. @YinusaSaheed [271 likes]: I think it's important to stick to stocks that are immune to economic policies. AI stocks that have the potential to power and transform future technologies. It seems AI is the trajectory most companies are taking, including even established FAANG companies. Maybe there are other recommendations?
  2. @SageRealEstate: 💰 Cash vs. Financing — What’s Smarter? → https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLiReW9-zRs
  3. @dontbuyrealestate: Great breakdown for beginners.
  4. @mikeydontlikey1: What about when u get ownership? Do the deposits go to you or are you now have to pay them. First day what do you do?
  5. @mjfranklin9757: Hey, investor here. I asked the government and they said they actually TAX me for owning property, rather than rewarding me  like you said 😅
  6. @TexasBean956: Thanks for the info🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
  7. @evansdube7624: Hi how can l contact you guys as l have a proposal to venture into real estate soon but l may  need your expertise.
  8. @dianamanuel728: I have a question we have a small bussines that makes 70000 in the first year (Here is the QUESTION) should we pay taxes to show we make money with it? Because we were trying to get taxes ride off before the year ends. 
But if we want a property my husband is a veteran and we won’t have no debts when we apply. And 10,000 $ in savings OUR house income is 4000$ total 
Now when is a Va loan do they take in consideration my income as well too? (Wife) or they just look at the veterans income.
  9. @Cameron-lg3wg: can you use the income from the tenants to qualify for income? I am looking to build a 25 unit complex for around 2 million dollars including the land.
  10. @MoFlower-y6r: Tax return proof of income? No thank you its a 75/15 rule
  11. @WTFroadster: Looking to purchase my first multi unit building. Currently own three homes, including the one I currently live in. Any broker suggestions in the Tampa Florida area?
  12. @dominiquenatale777: How much are you
  13. @mrman27100: I have 2 beautiful apt buildings for sale on Detroit's Westside, between the 2 buildings are 32 units total. Out of the 32 units only 4 units are rented out($800 monthly avg) This would be a very nice add-value opportunity on this for a savvy investor. The estimate rehab cost is around $500k, but this project is definitely worth the investment!! Don't miss out, this property won't last long🔥🔥🔥🔥

Asking $1,250,000

2 buildings:

16217 Greenfield Rd Detroit, MI 48235 - 6 unit, half are 1 bed 1 bath, half are 2 bed 1 bath


16225 Greenfield Rd Detroit, Mi 48235 - 26 units, mix between studio, 1 bed, and 2 bed, about 1/3 of each


buildings are next to each other and on the same lot, so shared parking

4 of the 6 units are occupied, 26 unit is completely vacant, as that’s been going through rehab - 5 units are finished, the rest are in various states of needing work. Some are really close and don’t need much, but there are 3 units down to the studs.....MUST PURCHASE AS A PACKAGE

If interested, call Mike at 313 743 1172
END BUYERS ONLY!!!
  14. @DavidParker-u7c: You guys are cool. Thank you for being very descriptive and not talking over our heads 🙏🏼 Very informative and approachable explanation!
  15. @mrmarketprenuer1086: The bank isn’t taking all the risk, it’s the Borrower who stands to lose everything. Not to mentioned banks are lending you money created out of thin air through the use of fractional reserves. It’s a flawed system!
  16. @WaterDesignirrigation: Come to Long Island.
  17. @LboogieG12: @SageRealEstate great informative video.  does your group also do property management?
  18. @noahsnipz5384: So im 20 years old have 30k in savings i plan to own a multi family home with a friend to rent it out what should I do?
  19. @Kyrieleyison: This guy has to be the biggest bullshitter.    4 unit from 2 million to 4 million.   Fuck.
  20. @Bianca-yt7pd: Do you have a recommendation for San Diego or nearby?

- Should I Buy a Second Home?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] rosa is with us in london england to start this hour off hi rosa how are you hi dave how are you better than i deserve what's up thanks for taking my call i'm such a big fan um so i'll um i'll ask my question and then give you context i'm in the middle of buying a house in london and i'm having second thoughts and thinking of pulling out because um of my lifestyle and i'm newly engaged and i'd love to know what you would do in my situation so i'm an actress so my life is very nomadic which means i spent like i spend several months per year abroad for work but all of my family and friends are in london and i've always wanted a base here and i like to have a place to call home when i've been away for so many months but now i i've just got engaged my fiance is based in canada so our aim is to move to la so would you still purchase a small property in london in my situation and also even if i am based in la i'll probably end up working in london a lot anyway i'd love your opinion thank you wow this sounds so sophisticated i feel unqualified to answer your call based on everything you just said just because you sound more smart and more lovely and just more just a better person yeah i don't know she's a better person than you are i could i could feel it through the telephone line oh that's hilarious okay so um what will your household income be in a given year on average um the last two years it's ranged from 500 000 to 50 000 so let's say an average let's be conservative an average of like 150. okay so that'd be like a bad year yeah and uh that's just you or your fiancee that's just me what does he make um on average i'd say a hundred okay so a bad year is a quarter of a million and you're going to buy a home to live in in la and what would to well eventually once we get to early we would love to buy a home together combining finance yeah but right now um right now london is where i'm from so i'd always wanted like a song i got that part but i'm saying your your marriage home base will be la because this is where you're going to combine your lives and then london is like where you are from obviously and you spend a lot of time there so that's like your second home yes okay and what would you spend on the second home um the place i put in an offer for but i can still back out of obviously is 375 pounds have you got the cash yes okay and i've i've i've been i've been debt-free all my life i think i've kind of been following your plan without knowing it and now i found you i'm so excited okay well here's the way i would look at it i'm going to kind of reverse engineer this a little bit let's pretend i'm talking to a couple that's making a quarter of a million to a half a million and they live in la and they want to buy a second home for 375 000 cash in london because they spend a lot of time there because of her family can i phrase it that way it's still the same thing isn't it yes so this is like someone in the states calling me and saying i want to buy a beach house it's a second home in a sense it's a toy my kids were in college in a in a town in a city uh several hundred miles from here and i bought a condominium there because we were gonna spend a lot of time there going to football games and seeing our kids there so it's that kind of a thing right yeah so this falls under the heading of it's a toy it's a second home yes you can buy it if you can afford it uh based on your income and if you can pay cash for it so you happen to be doing it backwards because right now it's home but it's not always going to be home much longer um yeah and so would you say yes i would buy it to only but if i don't buy it cash like say i chose to save some of my money i would not buy it unless you're gonna pay cash for it okay if you called me and you lived in l.a and said i want to buy a house in uh cancun or in martinique as a beach house uh but i want to go into debt to do it i would tell you don't don't do that i would say pay cash for it or don't buy a toy because a second home is a toy and even though this doesn't feel emotionally like a second home because you're leaving there and it has been your home it's going to function in your new life as a second home and so i'm going to treat it like it's a beach house a vacation house a lake house a mountain house or whatever in this case it just happens to be in london and so um i've got friends that live in la and they've got apartments that they own in in new york city because they're back and forth they're by coastal they're back and forth all the time and they buy it just so they can not have to screw with hotels and stuff and they've got the money you know and so but it's a second home it's not a it is not a necessity of life you could go back and the times you're back there you could just rent an apartment it wouldn't kill you and rosa if you and i had an hour to sit down and talk through this a little bit deeper the next question i would ask and this isn't for this show is something i see dave often when people are about to get married is they want to go stake uh put a flat trap door flag in the in the ground back where home was trap door just escape just in case it's the escape hack i need to make sure that i don't lose my roots because i'm about to go tether to somebody else and i need to hang in there with that in mind it might be okay not to buy it and that's it almost got the sense that rose was asking for permission to not buy it and do i not need it but either way know that going into to marriage it's a safety valve you are joining forces with somebody okay all right and not having this little purpose of this is just to come back and visit i'm gonna take my money and put it back over here to buy a house that happens a lot right i'm gonna i'm gonna invest in this small little business back in my hometown with my old high school buddy or whatever the thing happens to me when it just feels to go all in so marriage is you are pushing your chips across the table i'm all in that is really insightful i have not thought of that that's very very interesting did not hear that in her voice at all uh but that's a possibility because the way she did alpha up three or four times not to do it and and i don't want to pay cash and and i'm gonna i would it's gonna be my money for my little thing because then we're gonna get married and move to oh and i get that i get it i get it i get it it's like keeping the old bachelor pad that's exactly right i'm just gonna keep paying rent on this little place yeah um wow oh very cool but you can you can man there's so many tethers when you're about to get married dave right there's so many well and that's uh there's so much going on i mean you've got canada uk and la all mixed together and a transient job right where you're moving everywhere where you're already gypsified inhabiting other people for a living right what a fun life just an incredible life inviting other people into your body that's what it is man you have to become somebody a zombie body snatcher so great that's interesting it's interesting not a call we get on the show very often but you know what i'm not going to lie that tough touch of sophistication i think helped the show a little bit interesting i'm saying we just need a good i'm going to tell you we need a good english accent a good australian accent at least once a week kelly can you arrange that for us just make sure you get a caller on that sounds smarter than we are fairly often oh wait a minute no comments no comments from the booth we've had 10 of those comments from the booth

  Top Comments:
  1. @linuxsurfer2002 [10 likes]: She also might be wanting to hedge against divorce, meaning if she buys it before marriage, it's just in her name and she wouldn't have to split it. But I don't know the laws in London so it might be different than in the US.
  2. @matt_kitson_ [9 likes]: I’m British and I just realised how British I sound.
  3. @aceofspades6667 [6 likes]: on 250k per year they cannot afford a home in LA and London.. they could afford a home in 1 location but it would need to be modest.
  4. @sabretechv2 [2 likes]: The life of a real Brexit geezer
  5. @kdkdkd4153 [1 likes]: Excellent! What are one's motives in purchasing 2nd home?
  6. @GokuInstinct1 [1 likes]: Can’t a second home be an investment and not just a toy?
  7. @FLOODOFSINS: You see it's only okay if Dave doesn't pay for his house in cash. You can talk all day about how what other people should do with their first home while he leeches off his parents.
  8. @aimeerose1084: Yikes, I wouldn’t. If you ever want to buy in LA, you know property values are so incredibly high. Her income sounds too volatile for this plan. Her fiance making 100k in LA is not at all a signal that they are in the place to have two homes. No no no.
  9. @bobbaloaje: Does Dave take international calls? I am a foreigner, but would love to call for advices. And additionally: someone knows if you have to be a christian to talk with him?
  10. @SlotNoMAD: 2nd house is a toy , if you can’t buy it cash — 💸 love it ❤
  11. @broimnotyourbro: This was great - she's wicked smart. Early in the call when she mentioned her income (which is great, but nothing in LA and London) and is talking about a lifestyle way beyond her means. But then she's been debt free her whole life, so this is well within her means. What a fun call.
  12. @RobinPetertoPayPaul: So accents automatically make people smarter...gotcha..
  13. @teddykgb89: I bet she meant $3.75M
  14. @mayve953: Buy in Hereford AZ!
  15. @fundingsecured7072: The real question is, who is she?
  16. @bordenbizelle292: I would like to buy a 2 in Lytle creek area near me
  17. @socratease4645: Besides a pop singer, dave Ramsey is the most overpaid person I’ve ever seen
  18. @acirema11: Dave is getting nervous....
  19. @richardnorman8402: Love ya Dave but let Dr. John speak. Baby steps work every time. Thanks guys.
  20. @stevenlamb2142: Buy it on a buy to let mortgage, London prices double every ten years. The rent would easily cover the mortgage and you can off set the mortgage against your taxes.

- Is Purchasing a Vacation Home a Good Idea? - Dave Ramsey Responds: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] brandon is with us brandon is in cool springs colorado springs i'm sorry colorado hey brandon how are you i'm doing great mr ramsey dr john thank you so much for taking my call sure what's up yeah uh just calling to see if i can kind of do a little bit of a suzie orman thing with you uh i have uh dave ramsey thing yeah yeah sort of uh does it fit into the ramsey plan here we're looking to purchase a home uh in the mountains it's going to be a vacation home kind of near one of my ski resorts i love going to cool you got the money um so we're looking i'm so sorry do you have the cash uh oh to purchase it cash yes uh no but we do have a down payment yeah i wouldn't do it a second a second home is a toy and you pay cash for toys if you want to be wealthy i've got a lake house i'm heading to this afternoon when i get off the air and i paid cash for it a long long time ago and then i rebuilt another one on the same property and paid cash for that and i absolutely love it i would have 23 years later hated the stinking thing uh however if i had been paying payments on it as much as it sits empty and it's just you're just not ready to buy a second home you don't need to be doing vacation homes when you don't have the money to pay for them what do you tell somebody dave that has this imaginary spreadsheet with all of the airbnb guests they're going to have to float it all and all the it becomes this funny math where we talked about this earlier here's the thing using debt to do stuff like this only works when it works and nothing ever works in life the way you think it's going to never you know never the best laid plans of mice and men you just you just you know you can project this this yellow brick road experience and then you'll run into the wicked witch every time and and the flying monkeys and uh those little those little oompa loompa guys look like poodles with the curved swords remember them yeah you're going to run into all these things along the way the yellow brick road is fraught with danger that's right including stupid strongmen that have no brain they're out there everywhere and you know this is what you run into so this stuff only works if it works and nothing ever goes exactly as planned and the beautiful thing is when you're on a bunch of rental property and you don't have any payments and there's a pandemic or something and some of your tenants can't pay um because they lost their jobs it's not their fault uh you can grant mercy um but when you have payments you're the one needing mercy that's right and but but but those tenants will pay off that rental property for you you heard that crap see that's what that's that yellow brick road thing you left out the flying monkey yep you know you left out the pandemic you left out the big bad wolf i'm gonna mix up a bunch of different stories here together in this metaphor but you know but you see what i'm saying and that that's the problem is um that that uh it happens every time too it does every time life is predictable life is happening it's gonna happen i've never thought of a vacation home i love the way it's a toy yeah it's a toy it's fun especially if you want to buy a four-wheeler a motorcycle a boat it's a toy yep you know but if you got to put payments on it that just means you're too broke to have it that's right yeah and because this you know i added up when i was broke because i'm a water skier i love the lake i love the i love the mountains too like he does i'd love to have i don't have a ski house but i wouldn't mind having one they're wonderful and um but i added up one time when i had payments on a boat when i first started doing this stuff about 30 years ago um that i well it's longer actually longer than that i go but i added up with the payments i was making on the boat the insurance on the boat what it cost me per minute to ski i averaged out that i was going to ski this many times a year and i would ski 10 minutes this run i'd ski 5 minutes that run i skied 15 minutes that run and i added it up and uh a buddy of mine started telling me about how he needed a better bass boat and so i added up per pound what the bass was costing him and it was something like 14 000 a pound you know or something i mean it was like okay so hey that brings that's a good ques a good question then how do you decide so if this guy is going to try to buy a ski house that he likes and he goes and visits it seven times a year which would be a lot of ski trips you cannot get you cannot financially justify it so it only time is justified is when it's you've got the cash in hand it's not you're not it's not financially justified and it's not about investment it's about it it's about not harming my life there you go because it does not make sense it's a lifestyle choice okay you know you've been to my lake house okay so if you say i mean that one makes sense that's a pretty cool house it's a beautiful home and it's a great investment it's gone up in value that's fine but you know the number of hours we spend there the number of weekends we spend there the amount of time we spend on the water you know could we not rent an airbnb on the lake and come out millions of dollars ahead absolutely we could but we've got the money and it doesn't hurt our financial situation because we're not paying payments on it and so but when you you you know you've got to look at because it truly is a toy you know you cannot justify i love that idea you can't financially justify these things at all none of them uh they don't make sense um and so you know with what you spend on a vacation home how many times can you know you can rent a just outside colorado springs i've done it you can rent the uh 15 000 square foot mansion on the side of a mountain ski and ski out for thirty thousand bucks a week thirty thousand bucks a week right okay and if you go four weeks a year okay let's see that's 120 000 bucks right and so how long does it take you to get to 5 million bucks that's a lot of weeks you know you cannot financially justify it you can't financially justify it but but if you've if you've got 100 million dollars and you want to drop 5 million in that thing it's a toy and you can afford it then it doesn't matter that it doesn't financially work it's a place that's yours it's your families it's memory you know the difference between a 5 000 car and a 25 000 car you can't justify it financially but if you can afford it it's okay to take that bit of a luxury there you go you know it's the same kind of a thing because both of them will get you from point a to point b so shut up stop your whining right and both of them probably got air conditioning so shut up and stop your whining and both of them are somewhat reliable so shut up and stop your whining so the difference in a 5000 car twenty five thousand dollar car is a want right and and it's okay well i'm not against once on this show but you have to pay cash for them uh and you it because the upgrades are luxury there you go it's living like no one else so later you can live and give like no one else so put yourself in that position is what i would do i love that dave i love it that's the direction to go and i want you to get a vacation house i'm not i'm not saying i'm doing something and telling you you shouldn't but i didn't the first property again you've been down there we'd at our uh personalities retreat down there but the first one i bought was 103 000. it was one tiny little lot off to the right-hand side of that property and it was this little bitty brick house from 1974 on it and we had a boat dock all i care about was a boat dock and a place to sleep that's all i cared about and a place to put the boat and you know have fun and ski the kids and tube the kids and all that stuff and the kids were tiny and you know now all these years later we bought several properties adjacent uh did some tear downs some rebuilds built a nice big home on there now and uh and you know all the grandkids saw seven of them and all the maybe 14 15 people the ramsey clan down there this weekend you know for labor day weekend right so but you you we worked up to that over 25 years and we paid cash for it and at no point was it a big percentage of our world including so it was never a burden it was only fun right yeah and because it just takes the fun out of it and also it gets it gets you in the land of stupid real quick oh yeah and then it gets to the land of justification and then all of a sudden yeah one glitch one one flying monkey and the whole thing comes down yeah if you gotta if you got the down payment only hon just go rent yeah just go rent it three times a year and until you've got the money and when you got the money buy this is the ramsey show

  Top Comments:
  1. @iddddaduncan [4 likes]: Double the taxes, double the insurance, double the maintenance, less than half the time spent there.
  2. @AmericanWithTheTruth [3 likes]: Caller calls in and asks question given 15 seconds then cut off. Dave and Jon have their own personal dialogue for the next 15 minutes. Who are you guys supposed to be helping? You didn’t even listen to anything he had to say afterwards.
  3. @lostamericanhistory2536 [1 likes]: I love Dave and agree with always paying cash. But truth is most Ppl don't have 500 to 1 m to just fork over for investment property. I've worked hard for 20 years, saved and looking for investment vac home to offset retirement. My rules are don't do ANYTHING stupid, don't take advice from ppl that have an agenda (the more a relator sells the more THEY make) do what common sense tells you, be ready and willing to work for YOUR investment for free
  4. @Wvubrad [1 likes]: I guess the only thing he doesn’t mention is, you can always sell the house/toy and its value will almost certainly increase. His car metaphor isn’t the same, car value does nothing but plummet.
  5. @timkopp2204 [1 likes]: Same math works on a camper. But, the camper drops in value like a rock!
Terrible "investment" !
  6. @genglandoh [1 likes]: My Uncle would say. "don't uses a loop hole because it might turn into a noose" 
Buying something and using rental income to pay for it is a finical loop hole.
  7. @JGhermaphthrman [1 likes]: Preach it, cash only, son.
  8. @JacksonOlexa [1 likes]: This guy is an idiot, lives back in the 70’s. Nobody should listen to this dunce. “A house is a toy” get the hell out of here🤣🤣🤣
  9. @justinchamberlain3443: 2:45 what if you tenants loose their jobs and can’t pay rent.
  10. @AuthorCAL: Also, taxes and insurance have to be factored in, along with maintenance, repairs, HOA, and other fees.
  11. @michellevogel2823: With respect.  I 100% disagree.  There are so many other elements in finance that are part of this decision.   This type information is hurting our middle class!!  People should take finance classes to understand!!   If the caller on this call has the down payment, the rate & terms are good & they are able to cover their mortgage & expenses with rent it might be an incredible asset.   Say, said caller retires with a nice lil payout, the accelerated depreciation will help save thousands +/- of dollars on taxes…

The arrogant thought that you should not be able to enjoy the wealth building as well as so many other gifts of owning & operating a vaction rental  without cash is not correct!!

I’m so sad to hear this.
  12. @Msteve-nt5bx: The appreciation/price inflation on homes in the last 4 years is bonkers. I hope he didnt listen to the advice.
  13. @Greggee100: 2:06-2💯
Yellow brick road that leads to the wicked witch of the west
and flying monkey's 
Park Ave people own multiple homes in the Hampton's 

they also own the improvised property nation-wide
  14. @beachywaves2431: Dave flexes on himself sooo much in every video omg.
  15. @blazer2021: I think owning more than one piece if property is selfish but that's coming from someone who's never owned property so....
  16. @richardbeard6100: No , not a good idea . You will be tied down to just one place that you will soon probably dislike  .  Be free .  Travel to different places , use hotels , no complications .  No hidden expenses .
  17. @clyben3397: Back in the day we met the wicked witch the flying monkeys and trees that threw apples at us.  We had rentals and went though all of the BS now we are ok and going to buy a florida villa for winters.  Listen to Dave he knows
  18. @chinhuawang8141: I think Ramsey is right on the money for this one. I built a beautiful swimming pool and the cost of each time we swim is ouch not to mention the additional maintenance cost and trouble 😢 but I paid with cash.
  19. @RudyFromMiami: Every American should have a getaway home. It's crazy in the states
  20. @milanrsfc: I do not fully agree with Dave. Buying a vacation home that can accommodate guests throughout the whole year (i.e. by installing an indoor swimming pool or with a retractable cover) and mitigating some other risks, you can cover most of the monthly payments and even earn over them during summer. The main point is focusing on the entry price and prioritize.

- New York State Officials Revive Plans to Tax Second Homes in NYC: Kind: captions Language: en another tax could push some new york city homeowners out state lawmakers are reviving plans for an annual tax on second homes it's often called a pieta terra tax where and now we're joined by bloomberg's australia carmiel ashar thank you so much for joining us and so you've been covering the real estate industry very closely during the pandemic first tell us what is this pieta terra tax all about well this is something that lawmakers in new york have been trying um over and over again for at least six years so this some version of this has come up every year and and the idea is uh that new york is a uh um i guess a favored place for for uh international home buyers to buy that second or third home uh where they live in you know very very part-time and i think the theory behind that is that um these homes should be uh well the legislators are trying to pass this tax say that those homes should have a panicker tax because the people who own them are not uh primary residents and yet they still rely on the services that the city um uh has to keep up now given the pandemic uh the tax landscape has changed a great deal since last year just as you talk about they kind of change every year and what kind of urgency is it for the city to have this sort of tax right now well i think it really depends on who you ask so i think from from the legislative standpoint i think this is a philosophical um goal uh this is something that's been tried again well before the pandemic well before the current budget crisis that we're in i think there's a philosophical matter that they're trying to make good on um from a budgetary standpoint um new york city has a 3.75 billion dollar budget gap um for next year's budget which starts in march and um i'm sure any revenue source would be would be welcome although again if this would if this were to pass the legislature probably wouldn't take effect until later in the year um so that's that's that's what you're that's what you're looking at so let's talk about this from the buyer's side if this passes where will buyers put their money next um well if you're a buyer um you know you have a lot of choices especially if you're buying a second home or a third home i mean that means you you have a considerable amount of wealth you have some flexibility with your time and with with what you do for work and you're looking around the world i mean right now florida i mean it's it's impossible to find a you know a home in in florida there's such demand right now um you have florida you have aspen you have other global cities that you can pick um i think there's been a move away from from urban living during the pandemic so the hamptons uh has also seen a boom in home buying um there's a lot of options and and i think uh that's the big question is um is new york so unique um that despite the fact that it would be more expensive to own a second home would people still continue to choose that um that's that's still an open question that is still an up in question and more questions than answers really in this topic so we really do thank you for joining us ashrat the biggest stories the moment they happen from around the globe subscribe to bloomer quick take now for insight in an instant you

  Top Comments:
  1. @JakobTorchy [1 likes]: RIP NY
  2. @DanYellowZena: TAX, TAX, TAX, TAX, TAX, TAX, TAX, TAX. That's all these politicians can think of to make money.

- How to Use Your Equity to Buy Another Home (Step-By-Step): Kind: captions Language: en in this video I'm going to show you exactly how to buy another house using your home's equity and it could be another primary residence it could be an investment town home it could be a multi-unit but I'm going to show you exactly how to tap in your home's equity and apply that towards purchasing another property my name is Justin lotten I've been a mortgage lender for 18 years and I've helped over 5,000 families buy invest and purchase properties around the United States let's get into it so what is home equity home equity is the value of your home which is determined by your loan balance subtracted from your home's value so let's say your home's value is about $400,000 and let's say you have a mortgage balance of $300,000 $400,000 minus $300,000 leaves you with $100,000 of home equity understanding your home equity is critical for a variety of reasons number one your home equity is established with your down payment so if you put down 20K or 20% that starts off your home's equity and the growth now your home's Equity is built in two different ways primarily the first way is home appreciation if your home values going up every year you're building home equity the second way you build home equity is by paying down your balance every single month we call that principal reduction so every month you make a mortgage payment a portion of that payment goes towards your home equity some of it goes towards interest and taxes but a portion of it goes towards your Equity so every month you're chipping away at your loan balance ideally if home value is appreciate every single year you build equity up and you build equity down and that Equity can be leveraged to help you make other Investments so I'm sure you've heard this before but the the number one way people build wealth and store wealth is in real estate and specifically that refers to the home equity in people's real estate holdings some people have one home some people have three homes some people have big apartment buildings or an entire portfolio so that being said your home's Equity changes every single month every month you're making a mortgage payment and every month home values can go up or down now your home's Equity can be determined in two ways it can be determined by an appraisal which is a snapshot on where the market is now or it can be determined if you actually go and list your home for sale and you negotiate a price that which someone is willing to pay it's not cash you can access in the bank tomorrow but there are ways to tap into it and to build your wealth so we've touched on what home equity is and how it's determined let's talk about the various ways you can access your home equity the first way is a home equity loan you're essentially getting a mortgage for a portion of the equity it's a second mortgage it's a loan and you receive a lump sum of cash from there you make monthly mortgage payments to pay down that balance every single month just like you do on your primary mortgage for example let's say you wanted to borrow $60,000 you would apply for a home equity loan you would get that $60,000 after the underwriting and mortgage process which takes a few weeks once you close you get that money it's yours to do whatever you want and you pay it down every single month just like you do on your first mortgage I have this magical thing called a home equity loan now the second way is a home equity line of credit which is also known as a HELOC this is a little bit different you're not getting a lump sum at closing you're getting an open line of credit so let's use the same $60,000 after you go through the underwriting process and get approved for your HELOC you have a $60,000 line that you can tap into whenever you want so initially you may not need to use the funds let's say you want to do some repairs you get a quote it takes 30 days to get a bid and now you know that you need to spend $110,000 on a new garage well you can borrow $10,000 of that $660,000 line and then every month you only pay on that $10,000 the idea here is to not get all the money up front to have access to it and you pay as you use it a really easy way to understand this is to think about a HELOC as a credit card you use what you need and you pay down your balance every month but you don't get it all in one lump sum now the third way to access your home equity is through a Cash out refinance this is a little bit different than the first two ways because now you have one new loan so here's how it works let's say your mortgage balance is $300,000 and you want to take out $60,000 for Home Improvements instead of getting a second mortgage for $60,000 and having two loans at two different rates you do one new loan for $360,000 000 and the difference between what you owe and what your new loan is is what you get to keep in one lump sum now you have one mortgage payment it's based off the $360,000 loan it keeps your finances simple and it houses all of the debt under one interest rate for Simplicity now here's the fourth and last way to access your home's equity and it's kind of straightforward it's basically selling your home now I'm not saying you need to go out and sell your home but at some point you might be ready to make a move ready to downsize or ready to relocate when you sell your home a realtor is going to help you determine your home's value you're going to look at your mortgage St to determine what you owe and the difference is your home equity so all in all what you'll walk away with after you sell your home is the sale price minus the real estate transaction fees and minus your actual mortgage balance and any taxes owed at closing so now we understand what home equity is and how you can access it let's talk about some of the common ways that you can use your homes Equity to your benefit so the first and most common way people use their homes Equity is to buy a new primary residence in other words you sell the home you're living in now you take the money you made which is your home equity and you apply that towards a down payment on your new home which you're going to reside in the most common example of this is when a young family outgrows the space they have and they need a bigger home with a yard and a basement now the second way to use your home's Equity is to buy an investment property and this is one of my favorite strategies to make more money what you do is you take a home equity line of credit or home equity loan and you use that money to purchase another property it might be a 2 unit it might be a 4 unit it might even be a single family home you get some renters in that property and now you start having some cash flow which you can use for other Investments you can use it to pay down your current mortgage the idea here is to build another stream of income and now to have a second property that's building more Equity that contributes to your total net worth now if you're paying attention here you'll start to notice some patterns as a mortgage lender this is the most common way we help people buy their first investment property by using the equity in their primary residence and over time what happens is you start to build more equity in every property that you own and you can tap into that Equity to purchase another investment property and to build your real estate portfolio over time the third way to use your home Equity is to pay off high interest rate debt like a credit card or an auto loan as I record this video credit card rates are at an all-time high between 25 to 30% mortgage rates are still around 7% by eliminating High interest rate credit card debt or even a high interest rate auto loan it could drastically lower your total monthly overhead for example let's say you took out $440,000 of home equity to pay off all your credit card debt and to pay off a high payment auto loan that $440,000 in monthly payments might cost you $300 a month but by eliminating all the debt from your credit cards and your auto loan you could save over $11,000 a month for a net Savings of about $700 per month and the last way to leverage your home equity is to establish an emergency Reserve fund now a lot of people sleep on this and many firsttime and second time buyers don't even consider it but here's a deal there might come a time where you need a major repair where you need to do some maintenance where you come across a business opportunity or an investment opportunity having that open line of credit gives you the ability to tap into that Equity immediately and to use it for whatever reason or whatever purpose you need in your life at that time again it could be an emergency it could be an investment it could be some major repair maintenance on your home the punchline is it's important to have access to reserve funds or to investment funds when you need them in a pinch so look we've talked about all the exciting ways you can leverage your home's Equity how to access that cash to make more money but I'd be remissed if I didn't share some of the things to be mindful of and some of the downsides of borrowing too much money no we're not borrowing money so the first thing to consider obviously is as you borrow more money money against your home it reduces your home's Equity let's say in a couple years you want to go sell your home but real estate values have dropped if your loan balance is here and real estate values come down to here you have no equity to make when you sell your home and you might even need to bring some money to the closing table to get rid of that property the second thing to be mindful of is your debt to income ratio this is what lenders look at which is basically how much debt you have compared to how much income you bring in so when you get that money we're looking to make sure you can make those monthly payments but for example let's say a year or two passes and you lose your job or the financial circumstances in your household change you still got to make that payment every month and it might be challenging so just be very mindful of what those new payments are going to be when you take that equity and think Down the Road 2 3 years so you don't commit to a financial situation that puts a strain on you and your family so now that we have a better understanding of your home's equity and its use I want to give you a simple example of how to use your home's Equity to buy another home so let's say you've been in your current home for the Last 5 Years and let's assume your home's value is $400,000 and your home balance is $300,000 so you got about $100,000 worth of home equity now because your interest rate on that home that you own right now is still very low you don't want to sell it you want to rent it out and make some money but you still need that equity for the down payment on your new home so let's say you want to buy a $500,000 home and you want to put 10% down that's $50,000 so your goal here is to take $50,000 out of your current home's equity and apply it towards a down payment on the new home so what you would do is you would apply for a home equity loan and you would get that $50,000 in the form of a lump sum based on today's interest rates that $50,000 will cost you anywhere from $300 to $400 a month so you got to take that into consideration and you got to look at your current mortgage payment plus the $3 to $400 a month and you got to make sure that the rental income from the property you're moving out of meets or covers that monthly amount that way you don't have to worry about paying additional to use that $50,000 now when you go to buy your new property the mortgage lender you're working with will take into consideration that $50,000 as your down payment is it's completely allowable and when you go to make an offer this is the key here you don't need what's called a home sale contingency that means you can buy the new home without having to sell your previous home because the rental income that you're going to get covers the mortgage payment and your home equity payment in total so now your income is freed up to go buy and qualify for your new $500,000 property so you find that $500,000 property you go through the mortgage process and that $50,000 home equity loan is totally used to cover your entire down payment so if you made it to the end of this video I hope you picked up a couple nuggets and I hope it got your mind thinking about the different ways to leverage your home's Equity to grow your wealth by buying more real estate if you have specific questions if you want to apply for home equity line or if you just want to see what you qualify for reach out to my team and I we'd be happy to help you think it through happy to help you be a sounding board and we can talk more about the different ways we're helping other clients do exactly what I explained in this video today and of course for more financial and more real estate education don't forget to hit that subscribe button below see you soon [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaeldevore5007 [116 likes]: Most people don’t realize you can use your home equity to buy a second property without selling… this changed how I look at real estate completely
  2. @Tennkings-rb3eb [8 likes]: Thanks so much for the information. Purchased new in 2021 about 100,000 equity and ready to take a step out on faith and knowledge of course.
  3. @JohnOupaMavuso-y7m8f [3 likes]: Bra....you are the only person who explains down-payment nicely...❤ thank you
  4. @Dennis-px3xt [1 likes]: I got hit wit a $12000 fee last time i refied my home. Never again.
  5. @meetthebests2974 [1 likes]: 8:40 is the plan .. time to execute
  6. @nofavors [1 likes]: 10% downpayment is not enough to qualify for investment property loan/mortgage. They need 20% or 30% down here up north.
  7. @Midnightryder486 [1 likes]: I would absolutely NOT do this
  8. @brittanyjfoskitt1 [1 likes]: What if we have a paid off house? Can we borrow against the equity and invest
  9. @gilbsfernandez5752 [1 likes]: Very informative but for a senior couple with less children to look after the tenants, there are risks with renters who are not paying rent diligently, who don’t care about the maintenance of the property & are very hard to evict.  This happened to us when the renters refused to leave on specific dates & we have to recourse to file charges & as a result, we end up selling the property at a low price. So stressful
  10. @teresamorton2904: What if my home is completely paid for and I have no bills
  11. @ak6143: Did anyone not actually know about a heloc or 2nd mort?
  12. @richardtrento7409: don’t be fooled. buying another house(from a guy like him) only adds more: 

Stress
payments 
time away from family.
  13. @NorthDakotaWrestler2: At the end of your last example. You now have 3 loan payments for 2 properties. 

Your orginal home mortage
Your home equity loan
Your new home mortage. 

You made it sound like you would only have 2 loan payments.
  14. @Jimmcintyre67: How about when the city where you live raises the assessed value of your house because they are basing it on unrealized capital gains? Then they have a reason to raise your taxes! Banks see this and it actually lowers the percentage of what you can borrow. This is total bs!
  15. @raphaelverde4571: interesht rate?
  16. @dukezhen6112: Would this process be applicable in Canada?
  17. @Fioldaliza: Nicely explained
  18. @samuelluna8996: thank you !!! very good explanation
  19. @GoalHub-z9e: What if my house is paid off?
  20. @Nomads795: Thank you! Nice simple and to the point.

- Keeping up with the Joneses: Who Were the Joneses and What Happened to Their Mansion?: Kind: captions Language: en We’ve all heard the phrase “Keeping up with&nbsp; the Joneses” when comparing our homes to our&nbsp;&nbsp; neighbors’ homes. But who were the Joneses and why&nbsp; was their house so special? Hi everyone, ken here!&nbsp;&nbsp; today we are heading out to Rhinecliff,&nbsp; New York to explore the Joneses mansion!&nbsp;&nbsp; Make sure to hit that subscribe button so you&nbsp; never miss an exciting episode of "ThisHouse" In 1913, cartoonist Arthur Momand introduced&nbsp; a comic strip titled, “keeping up with the&nbsp;&nbsp; joneses” where the fictional McGinis family&nbsp; struggled to keep up with their neighbors,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Joneses, who had the nicest house in the&nbsp; neighborhood. The McGinises would copy what the&nbsp;&nbsp; Joneses did to not only keep up appearances,&nbsp; but also to show that they had good taste.&nbsp;&nbsp; While this is most likely where the saying comes&nbsp; from, the meaning of the phrase has deeper roots. In the mid-1800s, before the prominence&nbsp; of the Astors and the Vanderbilts,&nbsp;&nbsp; New York’s high society revolved around 4 primary&nbsp; families, the Livingstons, the Schermerhorns,&nbsp;&nbsp; the Masons, and the Joneses. All three of&nbsp; these families were considered old money,&nbsp;&nbsp; bringing vast wealth to the new world from Europe.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Masons and the Joneses jointly owned the&nbsp; third largest bank known as Chemical Bank.&nbsp;&nbsp; Being at the top of society, with more money than&nbsp; the other 99 percent of New Yorkers combined,&nbsp;&nbsp; these families defined social norms and traditions&nbsp; in the New World. When one of these families would&nbsp;&nbsp; sport a new style, members of New York’s lower&nbsp; upper class would immediately rush to their&nbsp;&nbsp; tailors to have new outfits made, showing that&nbsp; they too could be fashionable and trend setting. Perhaps no single person had a tighter&nbsp; grip on what was considered fashionable&nbsp;&nbsp; than Elizabeth Schermerhorn Jones. When&nbsp; she would wear an outfit out in public,&nbsp;&nbsp; not a week would go by before every lady of&nbsp; high society was wearing something similar.&nbsp;&nbsp; When she decorated her home and hosted a&nbsp; dinner, you could bet that within a month&nbsp;&nbsp; all of her friends’ homes were redecorated&nbsp; to imitate hers. Much in the same way that&nbsp;&nbsp; we see people imitating celebrities today,&nbsp; society in the mid-1800s emulated Mrs. Jones. Before Newport, Rhode Island became the choice&nbsp; playground of the Gilded Age’s rich and famous,&nbsp;&nbsp; the choice area for summer homes was still up in&nbsp; the air. Elizabeth headed up north to Dutchess&nbsp;&nbsp; County New York and purchased a scenic&nbsp; 80 acre lot overlooking the Hudson River.&nbsp;&nbsp; In 1853, construction began on her summer house.&nbsp; The all brick mansion quickly became an icon of&nbsp;&nbsp; high society. She had hired master mason, John&nbsp; Byrd to decorate the façade with rectangular&nbsp;&nbsp; and custom molded bricks. The resulting structure&nbsp; boasted elaborately detailed terracotta cornices&nbsp;&nbsp; composed of repeating arches. Elsewhere, the&nbsp; house boasted terracotta Solomonic columns&nbsp;&nbsp; supporting intricate layers of arching brick&nbsp; work. All around the façade, you could find&nbsp;&nbsp; unique brick patterns creating rhythms around&nbsp; the house’s many towers. Each and every window&nbsp;&nbsp; surround was thoroughly planned to offer a&nbsp; diverse, but cohesive interest to the façade. The floor plan, designed by architect&nbsp; George Veitch, was planned to accommodate&nbsp;&nbsp; large social events with each room flowing&nbsp; into the next and anchored on a grand hall. Entering the home through the vestibule, you would&nbsp; see the grand hall, clad in wood paneling allowing&nbsp;&nbsp; natural light to illuminate the interior&nbsp; space through a third floor attic skylight. We can pass through the old&nbsp; growth wood arcade to find the&nbsp;&nbsp; grand staircase gently rising towards the landing. Up here we will find an ornate wooden&nbsp; balustrade skirted by wainscotting&nbsp;&nbsp; below the steeply pitched skylight&nbsp; following the rise of the roof above. Every room was finished out so perfectly that&nbsp; Elizabeth hosted her first event in the house,&nbsp;&nbsp; her friends rushed to buy up the land&nbsp; around it and develop their own homes,&nbsp;&nbsp; each making the effort to outdo the last. When Elizabeth passed away in 1886, the&nbsp; mansion was sold into the Finck family.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Fincks were prominent brewers, but were&nbsp; known to be as tasteless as they were ruthless.&nbsp;&nbsp; The family constantly fought each other for&nbsp; control of their own brewing empire which lead&nbsp;&nbsp; to their ultimate demise. From suing each other&nbsp; to sabotaging each other’s departments in the&nbsp;&nbsp; company, the house passed through the family&nbsp; rapidly while in a constant state of neglect.&nbsp;&nbsp; This continued until 1934 when Rhinecliffe was&nbsp; purchased at a foreclosure auction. But by this&nbsp;&nbsp; time, the mansion was too far gone. The land&nbsp; was split up and sold off until just two and&nbsp;&nbsp; a half acres remained of the original&nbsp; 80 acre estate. It then sat abandoned,&nbsp;&nbsp; slowly deteriorating as vines crept in through&nbsp; broken windows. Soon enough, moisture built up in&nbsp;&nbsp; the walls and plaster began falling on the termite&nbsp; infested floors. Eventually, the roof collapsed,&nbsp;&nbsp; leaving a hollow shell the only testament of&nbsp; America’s roots in conspicuous consumption. While the once grand mansion was slowly&nbsp; reclaimed by nature it continued to change hands.&nbsp;&nbsp; As recently as 2017, the house was purchased by&nbsp; a developer. And at the tail end of last year,&nbsp;&nbsp; in December of 2022, emergency stabilization&nbsp; plans were filed by the developer in a&nbsp;&nbsp; last-ditch effort to save the mansion. Only&nbsp; time will tell whether or not these efforts&nbsp;&nbsp; will be successful as the developer&nbsp; attempts to Keep up with the Joneses. What are your thoughts on this&nbsp; video? Let me know down below&nbsp;&nbsp; in the comments section. And while you’re there,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure to hit that subscribe button so you&nbsp;

  Top Comments:
  1. @anonygrazer3234 [1 likes]: And now I know............the rest of the story!
Thank you:washhands:
  2. @paulahaddad5114 [1 likes]: What a pity it's come to the current state. I hope the developer has very very deep pockets and is able to restore it.😊
  3. @hectorgarcia8691 [1 likes]: They were spectacularly wealthy in the mid 1800s but then came the mega wealthy a few decades later that made these mansions look like modest cottages 😅
  4. @hectorgarcia8691 [1 likes]: Excellent video, thank you
  5. @ecclairmayo4153 [1 likes]: This is such great history!
  6. @The1stClassVillain [1 likes]: Materialism and classism
  7. @nerys723: Any recent news on the house?
  8. @blossom1643: Such a shame that Greed & Pride can bring such Beautiful structures to ruin.
  9. @garymcmanus7288: A lesson that is 150 years old and still ignored. How many years did the Jones enjoy their unique mansion? Apparently, the second owners never did.
  10. @RichardSantamaria-kj6ip: I've seen this house in person. Many of the photos displayed in the video are already very old. At this point, there really is not much left standing intact. I'm afraid it's realistically too far gone to save. Very sad.
  11. @WaKincaid: Great story, amazing home, and thank you
  12. @asylumlover: THIS IS HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL THESE GRAPHIC PHOTOS OF DETERIORATION!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL THAT ANCIENT WOODWORK DESTROYED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I COULD SAY 'AT LEAST IT'S STILL THERE', BUT WHAT????????? NOTHING BUT A CRUMBLING BRICK SHELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! BY THE WAY, WHAT YEAR WAS IT LAST LIVED IN???????????? WELL MAYBE WE'LL SEE WHAT HAPPENS WITH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  13. @Stefan_Van_pellicom: Nice to learn where the saying originated, thanks!
  14. @paulakpacente: I surely hope that they can save this mansion. There is only a finite number of old buildings, and they cannot be duplicated today.
  15. @iamthatguy1169: I'm sure the developer is only shoring up the house to stabilize the ruins so a brick doesn't fall on someones head and he gets sued while he waits to save enough money to tear it down and build condos with a Hudson river view. If he has ever talked about restoration he was only pretending while trying to find some sort of tax loophole or grant
  16. @knitterscheidt: the mansion is more beautiful now
  17. @thehipmusicologist: Nene don’t keep up with the Jones’s she IS the Jones
  18. @kathyjones5085: Interesting story. It's a shame a beautiful home like that was neglected. Too bad I'm not related.
  19. @BrentHall-w2g: Basically the Jones -- where the Rich
Keeping up with the Rich
  20. @kschoolcraft: They turned into dow Jones😁

- Living Apart Together: Couples in separate homes say they have more success at love: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] when louis st pierre and kathy brosmer started dating six years ago they weren't looking for love we were very content individuals when we met it developed very slowly actually it was about three months i think before he gave me a real kiss years later they're happy and committed even though they have different interests louis likes his woodworking shop and kathy enjoys playing music he likes his big screen tv and she likes to read quietly hey honey and there's something else that makes their relationship different from the norm i've been in my house for almost 35 years and i've got it just the way i love it right and when i met louie six years ago he was in a house about a mile away we kind of came up with this idea that hey we don't have to live together and then i think it became this ah-ha thing that we can just keep on living like this apart living apart together they've both been divorced before and learned from previous relationships they knew that as much as they cherish their time together they also appreciate their time alone a growing number of canadians are finding partners and deciding not to live in the same space you can have a very good relationship and live apart there are alternatives to that traditional living together it's called living apart together or lat louie and kathy are so committed to their arrangement louis recently bought the house next door to kathy in sault ste marie ontario i'm working on my dissertation and it takes a lot of focus a lot of concentration so sometimes in the evenings i'm going to try and get something done now more often than not i'll say you need to go home because i can't focus with distracting sounds and because he's right next door it's really super easy he can go home for a couple of hours and then come back and give me a good night kiss according to statistics canada the number of couples choosing a lat lifestyle is growing between 2006 and 2017 the percentage of couples claiming to be living apart together rose from six to nine percent and it's not just canada at stockholm university in sweden livia ola an associate professor of family demography studies what kind of people are drawn to lat relationships so this freedom and to make up their own rules that's what appealed to many people and it seems that it appears especially to women and particularly for single mothers she also says it allows for more equity in roles breaking down stereotypes they do not have to follow the usual traditional gender roles we mean doing what they used to do household work and other caring activities so therefore this is appreciated by quite many the largest group of canadian couples living apart are 25 to 34 year olds according to stats canada in vancouver heather macdonald met her partner when she was in her late 30s they have been together now for more than three years the benefits to living apart together is that you really make a point of spending time with each other you're not going to fight over the day-to-day your socks are on the floor you didn't put the dishes away but you're gonna really enjoy each other's company you just make a point of every time you're together being special because you don't have a lot of it oh those are nice but i thought they were blue oh yeah those are different ones she's also a single mother of a 14 year old son and her partner jordan has sons living at home as well so we're really lucky because i live right here and jordan lives about a block away just over that way i think one of my biggest concerns is that i naturally take on a mother role and my step kids have a mother and a father they don't need a stepmom in the background nagging them my job is to be a support for them someone they can trust someone another positive adult in their life and so by not living together you avoid the conflict of the day-to-day parenting and you can just enjoy your the company of your step kids some might view this arrangement as lacking in commitment but recently heather and jordan publicly recognized their devotion to each other it was really important for me to have a wedding you know when you don't live together and you're not planning on having children together it was important for me to seal that commitment and have something that him when i shared libya says there are economic reasons why some people are attracted to lat like keeping assets separate men who live in a lot relationship they are more likely to own their housing they used to think that maybe this is the women that they are so much afraid of losing what they have but here we seem to have that actually lot men they do not want to lose their apartment either or their dwelling either there are a lot of pluses to living apart together but there are also some downsides one of them is benefits and we're not talking fringe kathy isn't eligible for louie's extended medical benefits and she feels the current system is discriminatory if we were living apart but married his benefits would cover me and if we were living together but unmarried his benefits would cover me in this case they don't just because he's in the house next door i can see it from the insurance company's point of view that there could be more potential for fraud and that sort of thing but it's still the only difference between a cohabitating couple and us is address we don't share an address and to me that there's discrimination there it's one of the reasons why the research people like livia do is important it seeks to understand why people choose to live apart and for how long it gives policymakers a better understanding of what modern day relationships look like and how to adapt and the pandemic may be increasing the number of people attracted to this kind of lifestyle natasha sharma is a relationship expert why or how could living a part together be good for our relationship we've been in jail for two years right i mean like we have and we've been seeing the same faces day in and day out you know i'm a mother i'm a wife i have two kids and i think a lot of people will relate to you can get too much of a good thing you really can too much of anything even a good thing is too much some might question the commitment of couples who are not together all the time because it's not what society has taught us we've been raised and shaped in this archetype says this is wrong this is not normal this is dangerous you know to the relationship but um i think what we're seeing is that the reality of humans and how we are for the most part may not fit that model at least not 100 of the time what we need to do is step back from this indoctrination of the way we think things should look they shouldn't look any way they need to be reflective of our individual needs and our individual desires and our individual lifestyles and personas kathy says it gives her the freedom to live her life her way we might have been able to compromise and do all that you need to do and live together and we would maybe still be happily together now but it would have had more tension and louis is quick to point out that you can't really judge the commitment in a relationship on the basis of whether two people live together or not we're together because we really want to be together so i think that makes it better for us because we want to be together and we have a lot of fun together as a consequence i think it's just a better relationship

  Top Comments:
  1. @sheilahgolden1076 [1 likes]: Been living apart together for 28 years🎉
  2. @dijauneaiymuan9834 [1 likes]: This would work for me
  3. @KA-eu9sy: First couple with side by side homes. 
❤❤
  4. @tanishaverma8560: I would like to live apart together.
  5. @VincentPatitucci: My mother and her boyfriend been together for 24 years now and never lived together. They stay 2 blocks away from each other and it works for them
  6. @Josh-n9u3p: this is why men like me choose MGTOW
  7. @NikkiEdmunds: I think this is the absolute best thing for couples. Of course, it’s definitely not for everyone though.  I have come to realize that living apart together would work way better for me.  Wonderful video.
  8. @johnnieyescas2133: I bet close to 100% of these people have been divorced. It certainly makes it easier to have affairs when you live separately.
  9. @slandynoel99: Lucky!!! The longer I’ve been divorced the more I want this. I want to get remarried, not interest in having more children, and need my space. I haven’t found anyone to agree to this arrangement 😃
  10. @hs-qk9qf: Trevor Noah might be on to something 🤔.
  11. @GretchenBurton-v7e6v: It's a very practical concept.
  12. @Rosalie-ct8mi: I have always have had my own apartment and house and always had a LAT relationship, because I want to have my own place and I need a lot of alone time. And Like this couple says: "When you are together, you choose to be together and the time spent is more fun and relaxed as it is not always like this. I choose not to spend time together when I am doing my house choores, groceries or other daily grind, that is not appealing for me to be together. I preder to really choose to spend time together when we want to be together and for me this has always worked as I choose not to become a mother!
  13. @tUiDo4: Well to be somewhat historically accurately… the aristocrats in the past lived in separate quadrants of their home while they were married. Only slept in the same room when “you know what” happened. So it’s not as if this idea is new. It’s just more acceptable, and actually done out of love/respect to the other person privacy. Vs where aristocrats in the past lived that way because some of them people marriage were NOT out of love.
  14. @oliverjames9234: This is for older couples, but how does this work with young couples with kids raising a family.
  15. @SlippyLu: What happened to the concept of each person having their own room in a shared household..? For a couple of two single parents kids living with them, respectively, I feel like this is a really great solution!
  16. @ef5686: All I can say is DUH; lived this was 30 years ago. Glad it works for others too.
  17. @hopeskies8710: This is what my partner and I are dojng. Never knew it had a name. This is the best arrangement for us.
  18. @Wiseamphibian87: It’s what ever Floats your Boat guys ; this is  NOT A marital Arrangement for everybody & certainly not for the Poor either; managing A home is costly & it’s crazy to own two homes!!! I prefer living with my Spouse; it’s just the two of us so there’s plenty of ROOM
For us to do our things & not always be in each other’s Faces , tons of hobbies to keep us busy doing our own things throughout the year ; but also cherish each other with our joint hobbies (travel, hiking , gardening & cooking)!!! Just DO whatever floats your Boat. Best of Luck 🤞 to this Couple 🍀🍀; but folks should wise & just DO whatever is best for them !!!!
  19. @janetbrooks8505: Sounds like an ideal situation ❤
  20. @santifoster1741: 🤔 I've got a great idea, get a Big House instead

- Things Used for Keeping A Clean House | Environmental Studies For Kids | Grade 2 | Vid #11: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] a clean home is important for our happiness and well-being we use a broom for sweeping the floor and a dust pan for collecting the dust we use a dusting cloth to dust the Windows Doors and Furniture we use a mopping cloth and a bucket of water to mop the floor we throw dry garbage and waste paper in the dust bin we throw the wet kitchen waste in the garbage can we need a toilet brush and a liquid toilet cleaner to clean the toilet we use a vacuum cleaner to clean the furniture a home must be free of insects like flies cockroaches strats spiders and lizards they spread diseases we use insecticides to keep our house insect free we should keep our home neat and clean

- [ENG SUB]✨PUA Husband Meets His Match: A Nanny Who Teaches Him A Lesson He'll Never Forget#drama: Kind: captions Language: en My name is Chen An I am the founder of a private crisis management firm You have been left with nothing Domestic violence during marriage You just wait you're going to rot in prison My business is to enter employers' homes under various identities to solve those legal and conventional means cannot resolve in domestic matters This time, the employer is named Lin Xue So you are Chen An Miss Lin, please speak frankly Um My husband and I met when we were in college My family has always been well-off but his family was very ordinary At that time my parents didn't agree to us being together I was the one who insisted on marrying him After graduation he joined my father's company Seeing his good abilities my parents gradually accepted him But after my parents passed away they left the company for him to manage and everything changed My mother-in-law and sister-in-law bully me at home every day My husband not only doesn't help me but he also gaslights me I'm going crazy Humiliated by the in-laws gaslighted by the husband with money and power all in the husband's hands This is a calculating gold-digger who wants to bring his whole family to drain you dry Then what should I do? What you need to do now is only three things First how the mother-in-law and sister-in-law bullied you give it back to them Second take back the money and power that belong to you Third find evidence of your husband gaslighting you then get a divorce and make sure he leaves with nothing But my husband says a divorced woman is like a piece of used clothing having no value Used clothing? Miss Lin you are the master of this house Don't let a parasite define your value as a woman You're hired This is the advance payment This bracelet is worth 1.5 million After the job is done I'll give you another three million Ms. Lin the bracelet won't be necessary Although I don't have money now my family is very wealthy My father left me a listed company with a market value of tens of billions I will help you become the master of this house again As for the fees we'll go by the contract Payment upon completion Are you confident that you'll definitely succeed? This is the contract Take a look I will enter your home in the identity of your private butler So what should I do now? First, tell me what kind of people your mother-in-law and sister-in-law are My mother-in-law is very controlling and has a very bad temper As for my sister-in-law she loves to show off and especially likes taking my things without my permission They come to my house every Wednesday and stay for a while When is the next time? It's today They're here Don't be afraid Let's go Xiaoxue I heard you're looking for a private butler It can't be her, right? I am Lin Xue's mother-in-law From now on, regarding household matters what I say goes Xiaoxue is too young and doesn't understand anything Exactly I'm sorry Miss Lin is my boss I only follow Miss Lin's instructions I'm the one in charge of this house Believe it or not I can kick you out with just one word So disrespectful Why did you hire someone like this? I like this bracelet I'm taking it You... What's with the "you"? Lili liking your bracelet is giving you face Stop talking nonsense these people are committing robbery and theft Do we need to call the police? Who are you calling a thief? You lowly butler how dare you slander me! taking someone else's things without permission is stealing I am Miss Lin's private butler Her person and property are both under my protection Madam, you are Miss Lin's mother-in-law right? If the servant beside you is this crude and if you can't even discipline a subordinate then I can do it for you You! So now apologize to Miss Lin Mom say something to help me! Sister-in-law is this the new servant you hired? How dare she treat me like this! Oh so it turns out you are the sister of Miss Lin's husband Intruding into the house stealing and robbing with such a lack of upbringing If you can't even discipline your daughter Stop it! Stop! She is illegally possessing someone else's property At least detention or even a prison sentence What? Do you want to join her? Mom! Brother! Look at my sister-in-law I just wanted to take her bracelet She said I was stealing her things and even said she'd call the police to arrest me I didn't... You still want to talk back? That private butler of yours just said so Wenbo take a look at your wife She thinks she's a young miss acting all weak and fragile in front of you but bullying me and your sister when you're not home It's not like that I really didn't it's just a bracelet If Lili likes it, just give it to her Besides you weren't such a stingy person before But that's my bracelet She took it without asking now this isn't about whether it's your bracelet You're the sister-in-law Lili is still young and immature She's immature but can you be immature too? I... Lin Xue's husband really knows the common tricks of gaslighting switching concepts and shifting the blame Making Lin Xue feel like it was all her fault What a pity Since I'm here I won't let this family get their way the video of your husband's sister stealing your things just now— I've already recorded it If we call the police now this will be the evidence Look at this nasty housekeeper my sister-in-law just hired! So you're my wife's new housekeeper? I am the master of this house You are not welcome here Get out of my house right now! Whose house is this? I'm afraid, Mr. Zhou you haven't figured that out yet do you need me to help you kick these people out? look at this person you hired Doesn't even know the basic rules That's enough Fire her first Then you should reflect on yourself as to why you would hire someone like this As for this bracelet it's Lili's birthday soon Just consider it an early birthday gift for her Thanks, Brother! You're the best to me Alright, son It's dinner time Your sister and I haven't eaten yet Oh, by the way I just closed a deal with a big client today Lili I'll take you out for a feast! Great! Don't go Why? If you go now Zhou Wenbo will only side with them more What should I do? That bracelet is it very important to you? Yes It's an heirloom my mother left me It's worth 1.5 million dollars Get ready This Saturday we are taking the bracelet back How? Saturday is family dinner day, right? Zhou Wenbo's aunt and his uncle several family members will be coming over They say it's to strengthen family ties but they're actually just here to mooch The more people, the better The more people there are, the better the show will be Brother, look! This bracelet matches my skin tone so well It was a waste on my sister-in-law If you like it, just wear it Your sister-in-law doesn't care about that anyway The luster of this bracelet is truly fine It must have cost a lot, right? You bet! It's worth 1.5 million My sister-in-law gave it to me early as a birthday gift Right, sister-in-law? Sorry to interrupt As far as I know Ms. Zhou this bracelet is an heirloom left to Ms. Lin by her late mother It is valued at 1.5 million dollars and there has never been any record of it being gifted You say it's a birthday gift may I ask if there is a gift contract or a transfer voucher? Who do you think you are? My sister-in-law gave it to me It's none of your business! This is the purchase invoice for this bracelet and the certificate of appraisal It clearly states on here that the owner of this bracelet is Lin Xue Furthermore this is the surveillance footage It clearly records the entire process of you without permission, snatching the bracelet right off Lin Xue's wrist I was... I had my sister-in-law's consent! did you ever consent? No That is the only heirloom my mother left me I never said I would give it to you Lili has been showing it off this whole time I really thought it was a gift Turns out she snatched it! What's there to brag about if you snatched it? Enough! Lin Xue I already told you just treat this bracelet as a birthday gift you gave to Lili Do you really have to make a scene in front of the whole family? Mr. Zhou, you are mistaken It's not Ms. Lin who is making a scene It is I, as her private housekeeper who is protecting her legal rights according to the law I have consulted with a lawyer This bracelet is worth 1.5 million dollars According to Article 264 of the Criminal Law theft of public or private property involving an exceptionally large amount is punishable by more than ten years in prison or life imprisonment You're lying! I didn't steal it! The surveillance the invoice and the certificate—all three are here do you want to return it to the owner now and apologize to settle this privately or do you want to wait for the police to take you away in front of all your relatives in a little while? You wouldn't dare! Just watch me Give the bracelet back to your sister-in-law! Didn't you say this was given to me? Give it back! Here! It's just a lousy bracelet Who would want it anyway? Intentionally damaging someone else's property also requires compensation Luckily it's not broken Otherwise we'd have to add another charge it's back with its rightful owner Ms. Chen thank you You just wait! No need to wait, Mr. Zhou I am at your service anytime Additionally everything that happened tonight has been recorded by me on video and audio including the threat you just made If necessary I will hand it all over to the lawyer You're really something teaming up with an outsider to humiliate your husband Oh dear Everyone, let's eat, let's eat Let's eat By the way your dinner is already prepared on the second floor The air down here isn't very good Let's go eat upstairs Brother, look at them! Haven't you been embarrassed enough? Thank you I've never felt so relieved This is only the beginning my mother-in-law, sister-in-law and Zhou Wenbo... since they lost face in front of the relatives today they won't let me off easily Every six months or a year they come to stay for a while They will definitely... Find a way to bully me again ever since I became your private butler I have been looking into the will and testament your parents left for you I found a clause that reads like this: If Zhou Wenbo does not treat you with sincerity and fails to have a child with you he will not be able to truly inherit the estate your parents left for him My parents were afraid that after they passed Zhou Wenbo would bully me so they added this one condition your parents loved you very much That's why they were afraid that in the future Zhou Wenbo would mistreat you and set such a condition Only if Zhou Wenbo treats you with sincerity and has a child with you can he truly inherit the estate he won't get a single penny Then can we use this to make Zhou Wenbo leave with nothing? Although your parents set such a condition right now, whether it's at home or at the company Zhou Wenbo is the one in charge So, rashly exercising such a condition will only backfire Then what do you mean? What I mean is for you to fake a pregnancy Although right now it seems Zhou Wenbo holds the actual power he knows very well in his heart that he is still one condition away from his ultimate goal which is having a child with you But if I fake a pregnancy won't that play right into his hands? Do you remember the first time we met the first step I mentioned? how your mother-in-law and sister-in-law bullied you So now we are going to take this first step If you don't want your mother-in-law and sister-in-law to keep causing trouble we must kick them out completely I understand what you mean You want me to fake a pregnancy to drive a wedge between Zhou Wenbo and his mother and sister Once you are pregnant Zhou Wenbo will surely protect you like a treasure When the time comes, if your mother-in-law or sister-in-law cause trouble again and jeopardize your pregnancy you won't even need to lift a finger Zhou Wenbo will naturally kick them out Fine Let's do as you say I don't want to pursue what happened yesterday but this butler of yours must get out today It's not an outsider's place to call the shots in this house That's right If you ask me what kind of butler is she? She's just a troublemaker Might as well kick her out directly Brother, what are you waiting for? You are the master of this house Hurry up and make her get out Did you hear that? Get out! Originally, this house was left to me and Zhou Wenbo by my parents This house has both of our names on it I am also the mistress of this house I hired Chen An Whether she stays or goes you have no right to decide Wenbo marrying you is your blessing If it weren't for Wenbo supporting your father's company it would have collapsed long ago Now you think you can fly just because your wings are strong? Shameless! Please watch your words If you dare to personally attack Miss Lin again or use insulting language I will file a lawsuit in court for defamation and picking quarrels and provoking trouble what you just said I have already recorded it If you want to keep an outsider in the house then keep her But don't say I didn't warn you If one day this family is torn apart by her you won't have a shoulder to cry on Wenbo! That woman Lin Xue is getting way over her head This matter absolutely cannot be settled like this We have to teach her a lesson Let her know who calls the shots in this house I also want her to kneel down and apologize to me Don't worry People like Lin Xue are the easiest to manipulate Otherwise, how could a poor boy like me ever get my hands on her family's fortune? So you have a plan? I have a big client to talk to at the company today I'll go to the office first When I come back tonight I'll just use a bit of PUA on her and she'll listen to whatever I say When that time comes whoever I want gone will have to go So sour! If you're going to fake being pregnant you must get used to this When Zhou Wenbo comes back tonight we'll put on a show for him It's just something sour I can still handle that But what if he doesn't believe it? After all, he's wanted me to get pregnant for a long time and I never did I have everything prepared He'll have no choice but to believe it Even if he is suspicious by nature and wants to take you to the hospital for an exam I happen to have connections at the hospital Everything is ready Miss Chen I'm so glad a friend introduced me to you Customer first is my motto We just need to wait calmly for Zhou Wenbo to come home tonight Your name is Chen An, right? How much is my wife paying you? I'll pay double Leave my house Mr. Zhou I've told you many times I only follow Miss Lin's orders It seems you don't want to leave my house Since you were hired by Lin Xue I'll have Lin Xue fire you herself Mr. Zhou, please stay After all, you are just a servant to us You want to stop me from seeing my wife? I don't want to stop you from seeing Miss Lin But I advise you when you see her you'd better watch your wording Don't affect her mood I'm going to see my wife What kind of tone I use with my wife do I need to report to you? Move! Miss Lin is pregnant Didn't you know? She found out she's pregnant today She cares about this child very much so I advise you don't upset her This is great She couldn't get pregnant for so long but now she is As long as Lin Xue gives birth to the child the things in the will... I don't need you anymore I'll take this to the Madam Xiaoxue, what's wrong? Are you still angry about the bracelet and me trying to kick out your housekeeper? haven't I already returned the bracelet to you? Can we just let this go? As for Chen An she can stay as long as you want Are you sure? Yes, but... Chen An said you're pregnant, is it true? Why didn't you tell me? What difference would it make if I told you? I have no say in this house Even my own bracelet you wanted to give to your sister as a gift And the private housekeeper I found I have no say in that either You even wanted to kick her out I was indeed in the wrong about that However didn't I already make my sister return the bracelet to you? And Chen An I didn't actually kick her out Anyway, it already happened Who knows what you're really thinking? Will this kind of thing happen again in the future? I promise From now on, without your permission I will never give your things to my sister and I will never kick Chen An out again She can stay as long as you want Really? As long as you can focus on your pregnancy and give birth to the baby safely I'll do whatever you want Fine, but your mother and sister are still living in our house What if they bully me again in the future and cause me to have a miscarriage? Today I went to the hospital for a check-up The doctor said my pregnancy is unstable and I shouldn't have any emotional fluctuations Then I will definitely tell my mother and sister that they must not make you unhappy But for the sake of the child I'm afraid... My mother has been wanting a grandson for a long time If they don't accept it I'll kick them out I'm relieved to hear you say that But these ultrasound results and the blood test report... Of course they were done at a top-tier hospital What, do you doubt me? If you doubt me I'll go to the hospital right now and redo them No need I was just asking casually Now that you're pregnant the most important thing is to get plenty of rest I have some work to do later so I'll head out first I won't disturb you Zhou Wenbo has been gaslighting you for so long From now on I'm going to take back everything that belongs to me Is your appetite better today? I can't eat anymore Brother, what are you doing? Why are you feeding this stinking woman? Does she not have hands? Your sister was bullied by your wife all because of a bracelet Now you're being so nice to her what do you mean by this? Mom, it's so early in the morning can you give us some peace? didn't you say yesterday that you'd make Lin Xue apologize to Lili? Yeah, Brother, make Lin Xue apologize to me This is your home we should be the ones setting the rules for her How dare she hit me! You bad woman why are you still here? Didn't my brother kick you out? Son, what is going on? Apologize to Ms. Lin right now Apologize to her? Are you out of your mind? Son! What are you still standing there for? This bad person she hit me and she's making me apologize to Lin Xue? Help me hit her back! if your mother and your sister don't want to apologize, then forget it It's no big deal anyway It's just that I'm in a bad mood... An apology is mandatory it's not Lin Xue who should apologize to you but you who should apologize to Lin Xue What? Brother do you have a fever? I don't have a fever I've made myself very clear You stole the bracelet Lin Xue's mother left for her so you were in the wrong first And now you're being pushy it's very rude So apologize to Xiaoxue now On what grounds? On the grounds that she is pregnant now Pregnant? The Zhou family has an heir now? You've been married to Wenbo for six years and only now do you have an egg? What is there to be happy about? Besides, being pregnant is just being pregnant it's no big deal When I was pregnant with Wenbo I was still working in the fields! You are you, and Lin Xue is Lin Xue Lin Xue is carrying my child so you must apologize now I will not apologize look at my brother! Right I won't apologize either My stomach... it hurts so much Am I going to have a miscarriage? Are you okay? It might be because of the bad mood which caused emotional fluctuations that's why your stomach hurts Apologize to Xiaoxue immediately! If you don't apologize then get out of the Zhou house and don't ever come back! You're being too harsh! Son I'm your mother! How could you say such things? This woman what kind of spell has she cast on you? She... Chen An show them out Without my permission they are not allowed to step foot in my house again Please I'll ask one more time are you going to apologize? I'm sorry, sister-in-law I shouldn't have taken your bracelet What did you say? I didn't hear clearly don't push your luck Don't get cocky I think your mother and sister aren't being sincere with their apology it hurts! What are you faking for? Apologize sincerely to your sister-in-law! Apologize sincerely to your sister-in-law! You hit me? You actually did that for this woman? Zhou Lili I'll say it for the last time apologize sincerely to your sister-in-law! have you lost your mind? How about you be a bit more sincere and apologize? I know I was wrong Since you're going to apologize it's not enough to just say it Words aren't enough What are you saying? Of course, you must write a guarantee promising not to do it again And also obediently serve Lin Xue some tea You want me to serve tea? Actually, it's okay if I don't drink this tea It doesn't matter I'm just afraid my bad mood will affect the baby Serve the tea I'll say a sentence and you repeat it This video will serve as the guarantee I, Zhou Lili I, Zhang Guifen resolutely obey Lin Xue's status as the head of the household and for my previous behavior I express my deepest apologies I'll take this call you little brat how dare you drive a wedge between me and my brother! So what if I did? What of it? Still want to cause trouble? Let go of me! It's this little brat Lin Xue she harmed us on purpose! you're truly shameless! I'm going to strangle you! I'll teach you to be wicked! I'll strangle you! You actually dare to lay a hand on my mother! I'll beat you to death! Let go! I'll strangle you, you little brat! I was only gone for a moment and you're already bullying Xiaoxue like this! are you okay? your mother and sister didn't want to apologize to me at all As soon as you left they tried to strangle me Oh, Wenbo you have no idea The moment you left the things they said... This housekeeper even hit me! And she hit your sister! Brother, look my hand was sprained by her if I hadn't stopped them just now your mother would have already hit Miss Lin I'm afraid she wouldn't have lasted until you arrived But luckily I recorded the evidence I only saw you and Mom bullying Xiaoxue How can you not believe me? You'd rather believe this manipulator Lin Xue! Since you have such short memories and can't get along with Xiaoxue then please leave the Zhou house Don't come back until Xiaoxue safely gives birth to the baby please take care of Xiaoxue Sigh I didn't expect Zhou Wenbo would actually, for the sake of the child kick his own mother and sister out Zhou Wenbo is an extremely selfish person He won't take anyone's side he only takes the side of profit Kicking these parasites out is just the beginning what should we do next? Now your mother-in-law and sister-in-law have been kicked out but there's no guarantee Zhou Wenbo won't go soft-hearted and let them come back So this pregnancy of yours you must continue to fake it But as for us we can proceed to the second step The second step? Taking back the money and power that belong to you But the company is in Zhou Wenbo's hands He won't let me go to the company Not being able to go to the company doesn't mean we can't investigate in secret To take back the company we must start with the most important department: finance over the past few years, Zhou Wenbo using the names of his sister and mother has set up many shell companies to secretly transfer the Lin family assets tell me what to do Professional matters should, of course, be left to professionals By my side I happen to have a friend who is an auditor I'll arrange for him to help me investigate the Lin family's financial issues Hello, Mr. Xu sorry to trouble you to investigate the financial issues of the Lin Group including Zhou Wenbo's whereabouts Okay, I'll wait for your good news Go back and stay with your precious wife! I don't need you to walk me out in the future, if you behave yourself and come to see your daughter-in-law and grandson I would still welcome you But if you come to upset Xiaoxue again then don't come at all Fine! I won't come! Between us, mother and son all ties are severed! Brother how could you become a completely different person? Enough You two move out for a while Come back when you've reflected on yourselves I'll have the driver take you to the house at Longhu No. 1 Stop upsetting Xiaoxue look at Brother Once that sister-in-law got pregnant he became a different person He even hit me just now If she actually gives birth she'll be walking all over us! His favoritism has gone way too far And about the future... didn't your brother say it? He told us not to come back again We can't let her have that baby I have a plan my mother and sister upset you so I've kicked them out just focus on having a healthy pregnancy you're so good to me You're the mother of my child who else would I be good to if not you? This is what I found out at noon today by making some calls and asking for help The Lin Group's financial issues and Zhou Wenbo's recent whereabouts Over these years, Zhou Wenbo has been constantly funneling Lin's profits into these shell companies And this is only part of it Zhou Wenbo has already transferred so many of our Lin family's assets over the years He's going to ruin the Lin family, isn't he? I'll keep investigating Once everything is clear, it'll be fine Then I'm relieved Wife what are you doing upstairs? I can't spend much time talking to you in the study every day If I'm here too long, he'll get suspicious So, let's stop here for today It's time You should rest Staying up late is bad for the baby's development I was just with Ms. Chen discussing parenting experiences But now that you mention it I am a bit sleepy Mhm Go to sleep then Honey next time you discuss parenting with Chen An remember to call me Wenbo, aren't you very busy? It's so early in the morning Why aren't you going to the office? Work can't be more important than my wife and child I need to spend more time at home from now on I can accompany you and work at the same time Kill two birds with one stone I'll get the door Brother, it's me I made some chicken soup for my sister-in-law I simmered it all morning I've realized my mistake this time I sincerely want to apologize to her Let her in After all, she went to the trouble Brother, open the door! Brother, I brought chicken soup Come in I asked someone to buy the most expensive herbs added a whole hen and simmered it all morning It's specifically for your health This soup is great for women Sister-in-law, drink it while it's hot There's something in the soup but you have to drink it Didn't your period just start today? Chen An, what are you doing? It's saffron! Why is there saffron in this soup? Pregnant women can't have this! It will cause a miscarriage! Ah! My stomach hurts so much! Xiaoxue! Xiaoxue, are you okay? Don't scare me! Blood! Call a car! Call a car now! Are you very proud of yourself, Ms. Zhou? This is evidence of your attempt to harm Ms. Lin What are you doing? The evidence must be kept safe, of course this time you've committed intentional assault If anything happens to Ms. Lin or her child that would be attempted murder You can't keep that! Give it back! Give it back to me! Hello, police? I have an attempted murder here Don't call the police! Telling me is useless You need your brother and sister-in-law to believe you Do you think they will believe you? Call a car! Brother, brother, forgive me! I didn't do it on purpose! I wanted to help her replenish her blood! Believe me! You must believe me! I won't let go unless you promise me that you won't blame me! Brother, I don't want to go to jail! I don't want to go to jail, brother! I'll take your wife to the hospital You should have a good talk with your sister I have the strength I won't let your wife get hurt Then I'll trouble you to take care of her first I'll join you in a moment It's my duty Oh, that was terrifying If Zhou Wenbo had actually taken me to the hospital he would have found out I'm faking the pregnancy I wouldn't have let him take you even if we did go I wouldn't have let him find out So what do we do now? You're going to have a "miscarriage and it was caused by Zhou Lili So you're going to sue her If Zhou Wenbo tries to stop you make him trade the property for it This... is your chance to get the property back I'll do whatever you say Let's drive What are you looking for? The evidence! Your housekeeper hid the shards and the saffron She said she'd call the police to arrest me! Brother, help me find it! I don't want to go to jail! Do you still not realize what you've done? you've changed No matter what I did wrong before you always protected me Now you only protect her! This is a crime! That's your sister-in-law and my unborn child! How dare you! The child is gone Just have another one! What's the big deal? You actually dared to hit me! I'm telling Mom! I hit you? I wish I could beat you to death! Do you have any idea what losing that child means? which means I will never get the Lin family fortune! Do you understand? I'm telling you if anything happens to that child I'll personally send you to jail! Alright, stop crying Although I didn't want anything to happen to the child if it really did I can't actually send you away You are my biological sister after all Thanks, brother I knew you were the best to me Honey! Aren't you at the hospital? Why are you back? I just finished dealing with Zhou Lili and was about to come find you What did the doctor say? Honey? Xiaoxue? Say something! Ms. Lin is very weak right now Let's get her to her room to rest Right, right how are you feeling? Where's the baby? our baby... is gone The baby is gone? our baby is gone Because your sister drugged me The baby is gone... It was all your sister Zhou Lili's fault! I'm going to sue her! Your sister killed our child! I'm going to make her pay! Honey... I know you're sad but Lily is my younger sister, after all She's still young and immature She's just too headstrong that's why she made such a big mistake Zhou Wenbo we just lost our child Do you not even care about your own child? How could I not? I care Of course I care I care more than anyone the child is already gone You can't send my sister to prison too, right? The one who just died was your son The doctor said it was a boy the evidence of Zhou Lily harming me is it all collected? It's already been sealed As long as we call the police she can be sent in at any time Wait You, go out first I have something to say to Xiaoxue Do as I say I know you're devastated because I am heartbroken too Lily really didn't do it on purpose I'll have her apologize to you That's a crime of negligence She's still criminally liable why can't I make you understand? The child is gone, and that's that Even if you send my sister to prison the child won't come back to life if your sister had killed me instead would you still feel that since I'm already dead you can't send her to prison? Then what am I in your eyes? Your wife? A human life? Or just a stepping stone for your social climbing? you weren't like this before What was I like before? No matter what happened I had to swallow my pride, right? Your sister killed my child I will definitely sue her to the end let's talk What are your terms to drop the charges against Lily? Any terms at all as long as you can move past this I want all the assets under your name including real estate stocks and funds And you must make a statement What statement? I want you to state that you are voluntarily and unconditionally gifting all your assets to me isn't this a bit too much? You just said you were willing to do anything for me It seems your "anything doesn't include money just go ahead and call the police Wait, wait! Why has Lin Xue become so unusual? She's different from before Whatever I'll just bluff my way through this first I promise you And also... the supplementary card you gave your sister, Lily take it back and cancel it Lily doesn't have a job How will she live if you cancel the card? If she doesn't have a job, she should find one She's in her twenties perfectly able-bodied Why should I pay to support her? The murderer who killed my child What's the second condition? you've been making investments in your mother's name outside but using the company's money The profits all went into your mother's pocket I want that money back you're really being too heartless How is my mother supposed to live? She has her pension In addition you can give her a family card but the amount must be approved by me When you're feeling better I'll call a family meeting to announce these points where's Xiaoxue? Oh, Xiaoxue it's all my fault It's my fault for not raising Lily well Stop acting I know all your little tricks Mom, Lily I asked you here today to make an announcement What is it? Is the child okay? First thing Lily the supplementary credit card I gave you I've already cancelled it You're an adult now you need to support yourself how could you do this to me? Second thing your equity dividends there won't be any more from now on Say that again if you dare! you ungrateful son! For the sake of this woman you're even abandoning your own mother? I really raised you for nothing! I should have... Is it you? Is it you, this woman who made my brother abandon us? it's definitely you! You're a damn homewrecker! You little brat! It must be you instigating my son's lack of filial piety! You should be struck by lightning! lightning won't strike me Oh my goodness! Old Zhou! Your son and daughter-in-law won't let me live anymore! I'm coming to join you! You woman you're making it impossible for my mom to live! I asked you here to announce things not to throw a tantrum it's a nice day today Come for a walk with me Okay You should have a good talk with your family Now that things are almost settled what do we do next? Things are not almost settled Zhou Wenbo only made a verbal announcement It wasn't processed through the proper channels for legal effect Now for the third step Audit the company's books But Zhou Wenbo will he let us do that? It was hard to go before because Zhou Wenbo always had his eye on you But now he's busy dealing with his mother and sister Moreover, last night I double-checked the will your father left for you and found a hidden clause Even though Zhou Wenbo currently holds the actual power in the company you are actually the largest shareholder For the majority shareholder to audit the books is perfectly reasonable You wouldn't really stop my credit cards, would you? How can I live without money? You're actually doing this to me for the sake of Lin Xue? If Lily hadn't caused her to lose the baby and if she wasn't trying to send Lily to jail would I be in such a passive position? She's going to call the police on you! But I'm your own sister You can't let them hurt me! Of course I know that All these years, I've used your name to set up shell companies The purpose was to transfer the Lin family's assets I'm only halfway through transferring them now If you get caught won't I be exposed too? That makes sense Then you probably won't stop my bank cards anymore, right? Of course I only gave her a verbal promise Now that Lin Xue's parents are dead but he left a will as long as Lin Xue gave birth to a child I wouldn't have had to go through all the trouble of setting up shell companies to transfer assets You just had to use that saffron and cause her miscarriage! Brother, you didn't tell me beforehand! Stop it President Lin What wind blew you in today? Director Wang This company belonged to my father My father left me a lot of shares As the majority shareholder of this company I'm here to audit the financial statements I don't need to report that to you, do I? This is so sudden What is it Director Wang? Didn't have time to cook the books? I'll go and prepare everything now Take President Lin to the VIP room Take good care of her! This way, President Lin President Zhou President Lin is at the company to audit the books I was wondering why Lin Xue has been acting so strangely lately So this is what she was waiting for Damn that Lin Xue how dare she plot against me! Lin Xue, what are you doing at the company? Can't you see? I'm here to audit the books Audit? Do you even understand finance? Don't get swindled Mr. Zhou, according to Article 33 of the Company Law shareholders have the right to inspect the company's accounting books This is the written application Please, Mr. Zhou arrange for the finance department to cooperate There are no problems with the company accounts The financial records are complex sorting them takes time You two go back for now Once they're ready I'll send them over to you No need to trouble yourself We're auditing them today on-site We won't take the originals This is our legal right under the law If Mr. Zhou refuses we will apply to the court for a shareholder's right-to-know lawsuit and simultaneously report this to the Securities Regulatory Bureau and the Economic Investigation Department By then, they'll be auditing more than just the books President Zhou, maybe just let them see It'll be hard to handle if things escalate Make sure those specific accounts are well hidden these approval records for the transfers can you pull them up? Well... they've already been archived They certainly won't be found on such short notice as the CFO, you should be aware that the illegal transfer of company assets makes you, as the CFO directly responsible If you cooperate proactively now it counts as providing leads If you wait until the Economic Investigation Department gets involved then it's a joint crime Chairman Zhou... Let's go, I'll help you look for them Okay, I'll look if we find the evidence is it possible not only to make him spit out the assets but also send him to prison for occupational embezzlement? I originally just wanted him to leave with nothing but I didn't realize he truly deserved prison These are the company's approval forms Please review them, President Lin Xiao Xue can you even understand this? Do you need me to explain it to you personally? I've recently been studying business management When did you study that? How come I didn't know? After all, this company is called the Lin Group As the heir to the group how could I know nothing at all? the recipients of these transfers are all shell companies How do you explain this? Shell companies? I'm not sure Director Wang found all of these I was only responsible for the approval Those suppliers... at the time their qualifications were indeed fine It might be because of poor management that they were dissolved think carefully before you speak Perjury carries criminal liability you are just a private butler What right do you have to interrogate my employees here? And you, Lin Xue I'm your husband You'd rather trust an outsider than me? If you have doubts about the company's operations you can follow formal procedures for a third-party audit But until then do not interfere with my company's normal operations Security! To the finance office Please escort Ms. Lin and Ms. Chen out Let's go first This isn't the place to talk You're right Excuse me We'll follow the formal procedure A third-party audit I'll be ready anytime Is a third-party audit even useful? Zhou Wenbo won't let us catch him red-handed so easily It's fine I anticipated this long ago Zhou Wenbo would be on his guard without his knowledge I installed surveillance at home in advance Didn't we go to the company to check the books today? The three of them must have said a lot at home Let's listen to what they said first You've thought of everything This one is the surveillance footage from this afternoon You don't understand The Lin family's shares are mainly held by Lin Xue and those veteran shareholders But her father has a will As long as she gives birth to a child those shares can come into my hands Then I can rightfully become the heir to the Lin family The Lin family is actually guarding against you like this? The Lin family never treated me as one of their own What I've earned with my dignity over the years Lin Xue can forget about taking it back That little darling I knew the Lin family had bad intentions They just saw you were a pushover that's why they took you in as a son-in-law since you're working so hard in the Lin family why not just quit? Just find a submissive woman to be my sister-in-law The will cannot be violated There must be a child As long as there's a child I'll have a way step by step to erode all the Lin family's assets how about we find a woman to have a child for you? When the time comes we'll force Lin Xue to acknowledge it Hello? President Lin came to the company to check the books I see I'm going out for a bit We must help your brother as soon as possible to find a decent woman help him have a child and take over the Lin family's entire assets along the way do you have any thoughts? It would be best if Zhou Wenbo finds a woman to have a child Infidelity during marriage That way I won't have to go through all the trouble of faking a pregnancy and auditing the company If he cheats I can use that reason directly to make him leave with nothing Good Then let's give Zhang Guifen another push Besides you, does Zhou Wenbo have any other female friends? When he was in college he pursued a girl She's working at a beauty salon now Then it's her I was just waiting for you Is something the matter? Didn't I promise you the house, stocks, funds and savings all to be unconditionally transferred to you? lest you think I'm breaking my word I will have Miss Lin check the contract don't even think about taking advantage of me We're quite busy today We won't look at it for now Please suit yourself, Mr. Zhou you just lost the baby where are you going? Don't worry, Mr. Zhou We're not going to the company to check the books I'm taking Miss Lin to a beauty salon Woman how dare she talk back to me like that Hello, both of you I'm Su Wei May I ask which one needs the treatment? So you're Su Wei The one who dropped out from University B during her sophomore year in the Chinese Department? Who are you? How do you know about my past? We've looked into you When you were dating Zhou Wenbo back then his mother looked down on your background She went to the school to cause a scene saying you were of poor character and that you were seducing her son and finally forced you to drop out That's all in the past Why bring him up again? I am Zhou Wenbo's wife As for us we want you to seduce Zhou Wenbo Are you crazy? This is two hundred thousand As a down payment You want to buy me for two hundred thousand? When his mother came to my school to make a scene I didn't even get my diploma Do you know how I've lived all these years? Every day at the beauty salon massaging guests' feet and doing their faces Standing for over ten hours a day Even when guests touched my hands or feet, I still had to force a smile How many years of my life can two hundred thousand buy? It's not about buying you Zhou Wenbo ruined your path back then Now he's trying to ruin Miss Lin's path Your trampled dignity and ruined youth shouldn't just be forgotten We found you precisely because I understand the tears you've shed and the grievances you've suffered over the years I understand it all No matter what we can't let them off so easily I'll agree to it I don't want the money Good, then I'll explain the arrangement I'll arrange for you to provide beauty services at our home as a beautician To come to the house You just need to appear before Zhou Wenbo and let him recognize you As for what happens next you should know what to do, right? No need to teach me I know him better than you do Tomorrow morning, come to the Lin house for the service We'll wait for you Su Wei, why are you at my house? Zhou... Zhou Wenbo? I'm here to provide beauty services A guest made a reservation I didn't know this was your home All these years have you been doing well? Is the beautician here? why did you call a beautician to the house? Miss Lin thought this beautician was very skilled and was willing to pay extra for a home visit Is Mr. Zhou not working today? How about I let the beautician give you a massage too? He recognized me I can tell He's taken the bait Weiwei Regarding the company's bad debts over the years if President Lin comes back they might be investigated How do you want to handle this? Handle it as you see fit I'm going to the beauty salon Hello, Mom Tell me if anything's up Alright then Come to the Charm Beauty Salon together Mom, you're the best You found a woman for my brother so quickly someone willing to bear his child Well, your brother is a big CEO now So many women are throwing themselves at him He doesn't need to serve anyone unlike that jinx Lin Xue Find one who looks fertile I'm just afraid my brother won't be willing Leave it there Ah! Are you blind? So clumsy Did you do that on purpose? Go call your manager over I want to file a complaint against you I'm sorry, I'm so sorry Not on purpose? I think you don't want your job anymore Why make it so complicated? Just pay up I'm sorry, I really don't have the money No money? If you have no money, why weren't you more careful? Brother, this woman spilled water on my bag on purpose I'm going to report her Enough. Be merciful whenever possible Su Wei? It's you! You know her? More than just know her She was the one who seduced Wenbo back then almost getting him disciplined by the school I went to the school to find them the department head made a scene and only then did she drop out no wonder you brought us to this salon today It was all for her! I know Brother Wenbo is already married We don't stand a chance Why no chance? You can carry on the Zhou family line Think about it carefully I could make you drop out of school back then and now I can make sure you lose your job Our Wenbo is the company president while you are just a technician Right now I don't look down on you Go and think it over Hey, brother it seems she's still in love with you Zhou Wenbo and the others have already offered me terms Lately I'll look for more opportunities to contact him On your end you can proceed with your own plan Things are almost ready with Su Wei We can proceed with our own plan Mm-hmm Go on Although for now we just need to find the evidence the entire Lin Group is a total mess over the last few years, Zhou Wenbo has brought in his uncles and aunts to work at the company Before we take back the company we must clear out these parasites Clean them out completely I'm not just going to clear out these pests I'm also going to rebuild the business left by my parents are you here to see President Zhou? Our President Lin is here to work I'll call President Zhou right away and ask what position to arrange for you I'm coming to work at my own company I can have any position I want I don't need Zhou Wenbo to arrange it Who is this? Her aura is so strong You don't even know that? This is the daughter of the old President Lin The owner of our company and also President Zhou's wife So President Zhou is just living off a woman? President Zhou's relatives who were given positions in the company by him well, every day they do nothing at all Right now, it seems they're still in the President's office playing cards If President Zhou's wife finds out it's their own funeral Stop meddling in others' business what are you doing here? This is my company I'm here to work do you have an objection? No, no Not at all Then let me arrange an office for you How about... President Lin can just use the President's office Four Play your card! Didn't I say? If it's not about work don't bother me Since when did our Lin Group become your card room? why aren't you staying at home? What are you doing at the company? We are now the management of the Lin Group Right now, we are building rapport with a client Regarding the cooperation with the Lin Group let's settle it today The hospitality today was excellent I'll go back and draft the contract You see? Look at that We are doing our absolute best to serve the company if you have nothing to do just stay at home We've got the company covered Then may I ask which company are you two representing? Is this how you Lin Group people treat your clients? Alright, alright Stop pretending you know everything If you offend the clients and this deal falls through how are the hundreds of people in our company supposed to survive? Is that so? Li Jiawei Operations Department Team Lead monthly salary of 35,000 Always arriving late and leaving early Fang Zhou Business Department Team Lead On last month's business trip you spent 500,000 on travel expenses are you coming to the company to cause trouble? Is that it? Let me tell you this is a company not a place for you to act out It's you guys who are messing around in my company You are all fired Company Employee Manual Articles 10 and 15: Arriving late or leaving early more than five times results in termination without compensation As for your illegal reimbursement of travel expenses return the money within three working days otherwise you'll receive a court summons No, no, no This money it was all Director Zhou who told me to claim it I gave all the money back to him I didn't keep a single penny! Shut up! What nonsense are you talking about? if that's the case then you're the ones who need to pay back the money you're just in time Hurry up and deal with your wife why didn't you tell me you were coming to the office? Tell you? So that you could warn them in advance to try and fool me? Xiaoxue, this is a company not a place to throw a tantrum Exactly. Xiaoxue, a woman needs to be gentle and considerate to hold onto a man's heart I'm not trying to criticize you but if it weren't for our Wenbo's soft heart the person beside him would have been replaced long ago Come on, let me take you home before the employees start laughing at us Laughing? Are they laughing at Mr. Zhou being a gold digger or at Mr. Zhou bringing in these illiterate uncles and aunts as executives while they steal from the company? That's the real joke I knew it! Director Zhou doesn't even know how to use a computer yet he brags about being in the first class of Peking University graduates And don't even get me started on that aunt she can't even understand an approval form You have no right to speak here! Someone! Throw this woman out! Stop! How dare you touch my people? Lin Xue, you've really broken my heart You're letting this person humiliate me in front of everyone and slander me! Slander? This is the truth Lin Enterprises is my father's company Starting today I am taking back over all company operations What nonsense! Do you even know how to manage a company? If you want to come to work, fine You could have told me beforehand Why did you come here unannounced to humiliate me? Zhou Wenbo, have you said enough? I'm coming to my own company Why should I have to tell you? You've got some nerve So you want to work? Then work hard I'll step down and let you have the CEO position Hey the word "let" isn't quite accurate This company always belonged to Ms. Lin To be precise, it's returning to its rightful owner Lin Xue, is that what you think too? The company was given to me by my father If it weren't for me this company would have gone bankrupt long ago Do you think you'd be able to live such a luxurious life without me? Alright, enough of this Let's go home. I'll buy you a gift Zhou Wenbo, don't act like all of this is a gift from you Everything I have is mine by right It wasn't given to me by you Fine, then good luck Manage your company well Let's go, let's give the company back to Lin Xue just don't come crawling back to me crying when you run into problems Oh, regretting it so soon? I knew you'd— You think you can just leave? The matter of your illegal reimbursements and kickbacks hasn't been resolved yet Everyone, don't be in such a hurry to leave Let's sit down and settle the accounts together how is the audit going? Well, you see... The company's system... suddenly crashed I've already prepared everything Let's go by my records As for the amount I've already investigated it thoroughly The total is 8.95 million My goodness! They've only been with the company for two years and they've taken that much money? They really treated the company like an ATM Must be nice being a kept man Wenbo... This money... Will this money be returned now or recovered by the police? Director Zhou, what do you think? Give it back Where would I get that much money? Wenbo, you have to save your uncle! That money you... return it within five working days hope you're happy now Let's have a brief internal meeting first I need to understand the company's current situation You can head home now I must immediately get a handle on the company's status But you shouldn't exhaust yourself There's a tough battle ahead What do you mean? Over the past few years Zhou Wenbo has used various means to give company shares to his relatives and friends Simply kicking them out today is not enough We need to uproot the entire Zhou family I think you're right In a few days I will call a shareholders' meeting Lin Xue is getting too bold How dare she kick you out of the company! She thinks she can last? Let her try She'll be begging me sooner or later But the biggest problem right now is... The housekeeper by her side Where on earth did she pop up from? Don't you worry I have a way to deal with that woman When the time comes, Lin Xue will still be under our control don't do anything reckless Half of my assets are in shell companies under your name You absolutely cannot go to jail As for me I hired a private investigator to secretly look into that Chen An She's a fraudster and she has a criminal record Now that she's hanging around Lin Xue she's definitely trying to scam her money too Only Lin Xue that idiot, would believe her But it doesn't matter At the company I've already made secret arrangements She won't be able to make any waves I know you've been feeling frustrated lately Mom has prepared a surprise for you Come here Have you made up your mind? I've already resigned from my job I'll leave it to you to handle The Zhou family is indeed investigating you I've already given your information to Lily Zhou, half-truth and half-fake Old Xu, you sure know how to make money For justice and making money on the side The best of both worlds, right? it's been found here Evidence of Zhou Wenbo transferring money to shell companies and offshore accounts Evidence of money transfers it was the CFO of Lin Group Director Wang, who helped facilitate it Time to close the net That Zhou family they've been acting up for far too long You need to connect the dots one by one these are the orders for this quarter I need your decision on whether to process the payments you've come at the perfect time As it happens we have some things we'd like to talk to you about Assistant Chen what do you need to talk to me about? Recently we've looked into Lin Group's records from recent years There are many instances of abnormal cash flow Upon verification they were all approved by you Transferred overseas and to some shell companies Do you have any explanation for this? Isn't this all... President Zhou's arrangement? I... I'm not really clear on it Listening to the boss is right but if you're made the scapegoat and go inside for eight or ten years then it's hardly worth it, is it? Think it over carefully Our President Lin is still willing to give you this chance Do you think Director Wang will take our side? He won't take our side but he will take the side of his own interests This is our cash flow from the last quarter Take a look, are there any issues? These contracts are all about to expire yet the company has made no progress If we breach the contracts we'll have to pay a massive amount in damages what should we do? do you really have no way? When my father was alive the company had several partners but none of them are on this list Then we will just have to get them back I remember the last time we met was at your wedding Not seeing Uncle Xu for all these years something must have happened, right? Uncle Xu I've taken over Lin Group again I need your help now Oh? Mr. Xu this is the letter of intent for cooperation You can take a look first Your Lin Group hasn't worked with us for so many years Why should I trust you now? business is business There are no permanent enemies only permanent interests Moreover, Miss Lin is someone you've watched grow up You should know her capabilities That was before She hasn't worked for a long time Besides, now she's managing an entire company I've been in charge of the company for a month now In this month I have purged Zhou Wenbo's cronies from the company and have also replaced the management team I have evidence of Zhou Wenbo embezzling Lin Group's assets I will immediately petition the court to freeze all assets under his name What's the use of that? You're husband and wife as for Miss Lin she'll be divorcing Zhou Wenbo very soon And Zhou Wenbo will leave with nothing it's been a month already Are you really not going to the office? If your wife manages the company well there'll be no place left for you You give her too much credit What does Lin Xue know? A canary locked at home for years once let out, she actually thinks she's an eagle The Lin Group is about to become an empty shell An empty shell? I've already had people operating in the shadows And I've also dug several big pits for her Two contracts are about to expire and the renewal terms are extremely harsh I've already talked to the suppliers The supplies that need to be cut will slowly be cut off Then won't she be in a terrible spot? In Lin Xue's hands right now there's still the trust fund left by her parents Once I've drained that money I'll divorce her and be with you So your wife is that rich? Compared to her I'm far behind You are my true love She she was just a tool for my social climbing But I don't feel secure You're with me now but if one day you get tired of me what will I do? I'll buy you a house How does that sound? I've dreamed of having one A house of our own We'll have a real home from now on I earn money just to spend it on you Let's go buy one right now Where are you two going? Staying here all the time is not a long-term solution I plan to take Vivi to buy a house Buy a house? She's not even pregnant with a child yet Why buy one now? This is my business Stay out of it Then I'll go with you I can help give you some advice Our current house is so small There's barely room to move It's time for a change The house my mother-in-law lives in was a gift from me before the marriage I'm going to sell it now Su Wei messaged me earlier saying Zhou Wenbo stays there too to have their affair It's better to sell it That way, the whole Zhou family will have nowhere to hide Hello May I ask you two if you are selling a house? This house at the top of the list sell it first It's where my mother-in-law lives No. 1 Longhu Garden No problem This house of yours is in a great location and has good facilities It will definitely sell for a good price Where are the people from the sales office? Go look at the one you want Any home is fine as long as you are there Look at that layout It's much better than our current house That stingy Lin Xue The house she gave us back then was so small It should have been replaced long ago You two It's a bit busy today I'll go first... You go ahead Sir the house you're looking at is indeed very popular Would you like to... As long as my family likes it Sign for whichever one they like Alright Regarding the contract I have it right here We can sign at any time Would you like to transfer the funds or swipe a card? Swipe the card You're so capable do you have another card? This card won't go through This is an unlimited black card I'm sorry, sir it's still not working Try swiping it again It still won't work Try this one Still nothing What's going on? Why aren't any of your cards working? You're not out of money, are you? It must be Lin Xue's doing You're not really out of money, are you? No matter what happens I still love you How is that possible? I still have plenty of assets overseas I must find Lin Xue and ask her if it was really her doing Are you talking about me? Why are you here? Has your company run into any trouble lately? Do you need my help? Work is going smoothly The company is thriving I was just bored and wanted to browse the real estate center My son's card won't work Is it your doing? I applied to the court to freeze his assets I didn't expect the court to be so efficient How could this be? I clearly... Clearly what? On what grounds did you apply to the court to freeze my assets? On the grounds that you illegally transferred Lin family assets to shell companies and overseas to embezzle from me Impossible I clearly hid it so well Did you think your hiding spot was foolproof? Unfortunately the truth always comes out I really didn't transfer any Lin family assets You must have been deceived by this woman Right? She instigated you to apply to the court to freeze my assets She's a fraud Don't believe her I'll be the judge of what kind of person she is Stop trying to gaslight me Lin Xue, you... You little brat to touch my son's money? I'm going to teach you a lesson Your son's money? Your son was penniless and destitute When he came to me what money did he have? Everything he has was given by me Identity Status Wealth Did he really think playing the part for so long made him a member of the upper class? You dare hit me? So what if I hit you? Using my money to buy a house for your mistress and you dare to raise a hand when caught? You misunderstood She's just my sister Sister? The relationship with your sister is certainly very close Lin Xue, you've gone too far! How noisy You've suffered too much your wife to be such a person It's all my fault for being useless and unable to help you You're always the best Your wife must have been tricked by someone Go back and talk to her properly She will surely understand you and unfreeze your bank cards Indeed She must have been deceived by that woman I have to go back and explain it to her Go quickly then Aren't you jealous? I'm doing this for the sake of our future I can handle a little grievance Then I'll head home tonight Be good and wait for me Pregnant? Taking his wife's money to buy a house for another woman Hello, hello You're looking to buy a house, right? Good, good, good Right here a unit at Longhu Mansion We can sign the contract anytime That's that What are you doing back? Why aren't you living with your woman? you've really misunderstood That really is my sister They were helping me look at houses because I wanted to pick a birthday gift for you But then you you just hit me without even asking why did your hand get hurt? Did your hand get hurt? I really didn't embezzle Lin family assets You must have it wrong Got it wrong? Mr. Zhou really is good at changing the subject It's all because of you Since the day you entered this house my wife has been paranoid every day how did I never realize before that you're such a good actor? I swear I didn't do any of those things you mentioned You've just been brainwashed by her we've been together for so many years can't you at least trust me? don't you think you look exactly like a dog right now? A dog wagging its tail for pity how dare you speak to me like that? Can't keep up the act anymore? Well, you'd better get used to it from now on you're going too far! I'm the one holding this family together Without me you are nothing! Without you I am the CEO of Lin Group the heir to a multi-billion dollar fortune and a top graduate from Harvard I am myself Without Ms. Lin you are the one who is nothing Keep your hypocritical devotion for someone else It doesn't work on me anymore what right do you have to humiliate me like this? Even if you apply to the court to freeze all my assets as long as I don't divorce you don't even think about getting rid of me Of course there won't be a divorce You'll simply be leaving with nothing the shareholders' meeting in three days— remember to attend After all, the elder Mr. Lin did give you some company shares didn't he? You're trying to take back my shares? I'm just informing you purely out of respect You guys... weren't you fired? Our jobs are gone but we're still shareholders Didn't expect that, did you? I'm also one of the company's shareholders Hurry up and report on the work give us shareholders an explanation It's good that you're here Saves me the trouble of finding you one by one let's take a look at the company's performance for this quarter A woman like you who knows nothing what kind of results could you possibly achieve? Lin Xue actually solved the issues with those two partners! How could Lin Xue... CEO Lin is in a meeting, no shouting It's this woman It's all because Chen An showed up that Lin Xue has become a different person I must get rid of this Chen An Now, everyone any more questions? Oh, you talk a big game Since performance is so good how much money will you give us shareholders? The company's prosperity is thanks to everyone's joint efforts So today I've come with some benefits I have decided to transfer the shareholders' dividends to the employees You all will give up your own shares to provide benefits for the employees Based on what? We are shareholders of this company! We have made great contributions to this company! Why should we be the ones giving up money? Exactly! Contributions? You mean taking Lin Group's assets and putting them into your own pockets? What evidence do you have? You can eat whatever you want but you can't say whatever you want is the evidence What is all this? Don't think you can just take some random documents and fool us Do you think we're stupid? are you stupid? Do you have a heart at all? Why did you hand over the company to this ignorant woman? What capability does she have to manage this company? why don't you report now on how you transferred Lin Group's assets? In the past six months, Lin Group had thirty-two abnormal transfers I've traced the funds they were transferred to several shell companies and then in less than a month's time they were moved into an anonymous offshore account This is embezzlement of public funds I've already called the police You're all going to prison Didn't you say it would be fine if we helped you transfer the money? Why are we going to prison? the money you gave me I gave every single cent of it back to you! I didn't make a single penny of profit from this! Don't listen to her nonsense! These documents are fake! Mr. Zhou really embezzled company assets? Isn't this just preying on the family? No wonder company benefits have been getting worse and worse lately Can we get it out? Go explain it to the police Who called the police? I did Our company Someone took advantage of their position To transfer over a hundred million in company assets You handled all of these Explain yourself Do you think this is enough to bring me down? Director Wang will take the fall for me I'm sorry, Mr. Zhou He forced me to do it all Every single transaction here I have kept a record of it I can provide them to the police You betrayed me! You can't make mistakes yourself And expect me to take the blame! Officer, I have more here Screenshots of him telling me to take the fall I was forced into this! This has nothing to do with me I didn't know anything Don't arrest me! My sister didn't know I did it all Let her go You're ruthless Just you wait Find Su Wei to bail me out Okay, I'm going now President Lin is so decisive Getting rid of so many people at once But even so President Lin and Zhou Wenbo Still haven't gotten a divorce As the company gets better He still gets a share Everyone, get back to work The benefits will be as we just discussed Thank you, President Lin Wenbo, you scared me to death It's okay I used all my savings To bail you out Weiwei, wait for me to make a comeback Lin Xue and I aren't divorced yet I believe I can definitely still Take a huge chunk out of her I believe in you As long as you believe in me This time We'll send Zhou Wenbo away For eight or ten years And you guys File the divorce lawsuit at the same time We need to find A better lawyer then Make sure he leaves with absolutely nothing Su Wei sent a text She said she got Zhou Wenbo Bailed out And wants us to catch them in the act If we do that There's no need for a divorce cooling-off period And no need for a lawsuit He'll have to leave with nothing Why did you bring me to The room Lin Xue and I share? Because in Lin Xue's room She's possessed you for so long I want it too What's the rush? The door isn't closed yet It's closed now Do you know how long I've waited for this day? How long? Since the day you dropped out of school Ten years I've waited a long time for this day too I said I would help Lin Xue Make sure you leave with nothing And I will definitely do it Lin Xue? What are you guys doing here? You still can't behave even after being locked up I can't believe you're having an affair in my house She's a beautician Do you remember? She appeared on your bed for no reason I thought it was you She was the one seducing me! Miss Lin, I truly love Wenbo I'm already pregnant with his child Please, let us be together What kind of nonsense are you talking? I never even touched you! Please don't tear us apart The one who isn't loved Is the real mistress Xiaoxue, don't listen to her nonsense I never touched her! I only love you I've only loved you from the very beginning! Do you even believe yourself? Cheating during marriage This is the evidence I will make sure you leave with nothing Lin Xue, believe me! You really are shamelessly unparalleled Caught in bed And still making excuses You want to use this to threaten me? Threaten you? I think You haven't realized the situation Now You've been kicked out by me I see it clearly now So you've wanted to divorce me for a long time That's why you deliberately Hired this housekeeper Just to kick me out She's a fraud! Lin Xue wants to divorce you So we can be together now You little mistress! Your child? You're trying to cuckold me? I never touched you! You've completely lost it! Daring to hit someone! Do you really want to rot in jail? What should we do? She's bleeding so much! Quick Call an ambulance! I'll send him to the police station This evidence Is enough to put him away for ten years Officer He intentionally caused injury By hitting that lady just now Here is the video evidence You think she'll sue me? Xiaoxue and I have been together for years She wouldn't ruin everything Just because I cheated I'll be out soon You admit to cheating? Another piece of evidence for the divorce settlement Su Wei Why did you do that that day? You deliberately provoked Zhou Wenbo Telling him you were pregnant Just so he would hit you How many years will Zhou Wenbo get? For embezzling company property The chain of evidence is complete Adding intentional injury He'll get at least ten years In prison That's good then Why did you bail him out? He already had enough to be sentenced How can you be so foolish? My life is worthless anyway I checked Economic crimes only get three years That would have been too easy on him I even think he didn't hit me hard enough From the beating that day Your corpus luteum ruptured Severe bleeding She almost died The doctor said if you had sent her just ten minutes later she would be gone I just want him to rot in prison But for a piece of scum like that you almost lost your own life Was it really worth it? He ruined my life Why should he live a better life than me? Do you know how I lived during those years after dropping out? Because I didn't have a degree I couldn't even find a decent job I went to work at an electronics factory Standing on the assembly line for twelve hours straight My fingers were worn out and covered in cuts from the parts By the time I finished work I couldn't even straighten my fingers I also waited tables at a restaurant where customers would touch my hands and my feet The boss said Just bear with it, it'll pass They are VIPs You can start over Don't give up on yourself Actually it's my fault for not explaining things clearly I didn't want you to get hurt Do you know what the most ridiculous part is? I didn't even dare to hate My mom told me You're the one being indecent Who else can you blame? Then you do you want to go back to school and finish your studies? My company just happens to need an assistant I think you're perfect for it our company has educational requirements for the assistant position So I plan to send you back to school first Can I really be your assistant? welcomes you anytime You guys aren't trying to get her to sue my brother, are you? that's absolutely impossible Don't waste your breath didn't you always want to marry Wenbo? I agree to it now My brother will divorce Lin Xue immediately And then you will be my new sister-in-law We don't mind that you worked at a beauty salon As long as you provide a letter of forgiveness Zhou Wenbo ruined me like this and you still think I would marry him? I'll sue him to death! Absolutely no settlement! You were throwing yourself at my son and now you're suing him? If you don't settle I'll make sure you can't stay in this city anymore! You think I'm afraid? Zhang Guifen, let me tell you if you want to go to jail now to keep your son company I'll make it happen for you right away You guys you're all in this together! how much are they paying you? I'll double it! Don't think they're the only ones with money How much do you want? I'll give it all to you! Save it Do you even have any money now? haven't you realized yet? Su Wei was brought in by them from the start to set up my brother They've been together all along! I'll kill you! How dare you hurt my son! Get out right now! Fine, I'm leaving! you beauty I'm going to make you pay Miss what do you want me to look up this time? At your service I want you to find me some thugs Do you have connections? There's a fraudster who cheated my sister-in-law and got my brother sent to prison I want her to never see tomorrow's sun When do you need them? The sooner, the better Find a time to lure her out Her name is Chen An Does Zhou Lili know that I know Chen An? This person I might not be able to lure out Didn't you say anything is possible if the money is right? I'll try One hundred thousand The money has been transferred This is all my private savings Once that woman is gone my sister-in-law's money will all belong to our family Thank you, Boss You still want to fight Chen An? Where are the two thugs I asked for? Coming, coming Speak Why did you call me out? your good days are about to end I knew it all along you're just a fraudster Tell me why did you approach my sister-in-law Lin Xue? What for? To kick out this bunch of leeches, of course! Where are the people I asked for? Hurry up and throw this woman into the sea to feed the sharks! Come here quickly! Right here! this is the person She wanted to hire a killer I have the evidence here The money I gave you... How dare you trick me! this illicit money is the evidence Come with us Nice job Now only Zhang Guifen is left have you thought it through? Do you really want a divorce? Divorce is no small matter Once you're divorced who would want you? now you're the one leaving with nothing and you're going to rot in prison How can that be? You embezzled company assets and seriously injured Su Wei Adding all these crimes together you'll serve at least ten years But don't worry I'll have my lawyer help you strive for an even heavier sentence You are so cruel! Lin Xue, how can you be so cruel? Fine, I agree to leave with nothing But I don't want to go to jail I'll go settle things with Su Wei For the sake of our years of marriage let me go just this once Do you think Su Wei will forgive you? She spent so much money to bail me out She loves me so much Zhou Wenbo, you really are full of yourself You easily ruined someone else's life and you still expect her to forgive you? Su Wei bailed you out on purpose She intentionally provoked you just so your sentence would be even heavier That's impossible! How could this happen? She's just a woman who learned midway How dare she try to harm me? Shut up, Zhou Wenbo You climbed to the top by stepping on women You can spend the rest of your life in here reflecting on what you've done Son, don't be afraid That woman, Chen An has already been dealt with by Lili Lin Xue alone is no match for you Lin Xue, don't leave! Stop right there! Lin Xue! I won't allow it You can't divorce my son! Zhang Guifen how can you be so overconfident? Aren't you just relying on Chen An? The more you trust her now the less you'll understand later how you ended up bankrupt So what? As long as you kneel and apologize to me I'll find it in my heart to forgive you your future money and the company must be transferred to my Wenbo within two years you must give my Wenbo two sons I'll have him father them elsewhere you really take me for a fool, don't you? Do you think that without Chen An I'd just let you push me around? It's clearly because Chen An came that you became a different person Stop trying to fool me A phoenix is born a phoenix Even if its wings are broken by you after a short rest it can still soar through the nine heavens Ms. Lin is a queen herself she's not someone you can boss around How did you get here? You clearly— You should have been— Your daughter hired someone to commit murder Mom, save me! I didn't hire anyone to kill! It's all Chen An! That woman set me up! Lili! What right do you have to arrest my daughter? Let her go! Ma'am your daughter is suspected of hiring a kidnapper The evidence is conclusive She's being detained according to the law Do you dare hit me? If you do, your whole family of three will end up together in prison I won't let you get away with this! Even if I have to sell the house and borrow money I'll find the best lawyer to get my son out! Then I wish you success This house is actually quite nice The landlord is selling it cheap for five hundred thousand It's indeed very nice Coincidentally, a dozen of my brothers have nowhere to stay I'll buy this house and let them live here You people... What are you doing in my house? Are you here to rob me? Old lady is there something wrong? This is my home! Please get out! Look here, ma'am Ms. Lin commissioned our agency to help her sell this house You say this house is yours? Then please show us the proof Lin Xue wants to sell my house? This is Ms. Lin's house are just temporary residents Don't go mistaking someone else's property for your own My house... What's all the shouting for? It's deafening! I've bought this house now If you dare cause trouble here again you'll regret it My son... My daughter... They've both been arrested I have to find someone to save them It's karma a citizen was found— How's your learning going? Look at the news That person who died on the street isn't that Zhang Guifen? She just died like that? How did she die? That has nothing to do with you It's not that I think it's my fault it's just a bit poignant This is what they call retribution I've prepared dinner to celebrate our victory Come on, girls! To my new life! To our bright future! To my career success! can't we renew the contract? Let's renew it, okay? Renew it for a lifetime you have already taken back everything that belongs to you and even more For the rest of the way you must walk on your own I have my own path to follow too But after all this time you're not just my housekeeper you're also my work assistant and even more, my life mentor and a good friend How can you just leave like this? How can I bear to see you go? in this world all good things must come to an end You have already climbed out of the mud and soared to the sky But in this world there are still many sisters who have had the same experiences as you But right now they need me more than you do Boss the information on the next client has been sent to your inbox The target family: years of domestic violence from the husband collective cover-up by the in-laws the wife has a weak personality and with a five-year-old daughter she has already attempted suicide several times See? In this world there are always so many seemingly unsolvable family dilemmas And I am the only solution My job is to fix it all

  Top Comments:
  1. @reginamorton5177: More of this quality. AWESOME!
  2. @vesnapujin: 👏👏👏👏😊😊🎉🎉
  3. @hongkies001: This is something else!! So satisfying
  4. @hfam4202: Wow, how wonderful if there were a real person like this for hire to right the wrongs in people's lives. But, she must only work for good. How beautiful that would be.
  5. @arnishascott2438: Pls make this a series❤❤❤
  6. @asweetbrina08: This would make a great series. It can be called the Butler.
  7. @francesgladden3639: WOW THE WRITERS SHOULD REALLY THINK ABOUT MAKING A SERIES OUT OF THIS.  THIS IS THE BEST DAM DRAMA I HAVE SEEN. I MEAN THE BEST EVER. 10 STARS HANDS DOWN!!!!!!❤
  8. @HMS25-s1j: H M S
  9. @leopyre: Agreed with everyone this needs to be a series. Fixer Chen An helping women get rid of scumbags in their lives. Scandal but make it chinese domestic issues
  10. @mariannejansevanvuuren241: This mother in law is acting up like a real country bumpkin...shouting like a shrew with no manners at all
  11. @olamidedaniella-z4x: I'm so happy I didn't skip this .....I love love it
  12. @MomynMeAlt: Is this for real?or it's a Taiwanese film?How did it escaped CCP grasp?Truth and justice for Yu Menglong and to all who died suspiciously under CCP sign the petition in avaaz once only
  13. @susannekalejaiye4351: I enjoyed this! More with the FL as Chen An solving situations!
  14. @janicewolk6492: No wonder men are terrified about women. 😅😅😅
  15. @SpicePalate_08: Love it. Amazing, right? More drama like this, please.
  16. @marticawilliams3286: ❤This is the third picture  that have women backing one another. Need to see some more.🎉😊😅
  17. @Meri-d5z8g: Girl power! 😊🎉❤ I want part 2 😊❤❤❤
  18. @bblsd07: An AMAZING C-DRAMA (MUST WATCH): Greed, Corrupt, Tormenting, Bulling, Vindictive / Justice, Planning, Calculating, Trust, Growth, Full Revenge!

A VERY POWERFUL C-Drama of a woman getting back what was/is hers~ From a timid, shy woman growing her strength to become strong & powerful! Gaining confidence with help from another woman, and along the way helping a pryor victim getting her long overdue justice!!!

The 2 main female actress were amazing in their rolls!!
  19. @sukamabal1z7: They should kis at the end 👉👈
  20. @mariasmit4870: Very nice  video , and satisfying to see atlast the bad ones get punished so much in the end.

- Escape from a House of Horror l 20/20 l PART 2: Kind: captions Language: en you're watching footage from a body camera a deputy walking up to an anxious girl with a disjointed story hi what's going on okay I just ran away from home okay and I live in a family of 15 okay my two little sisters right now are chained up they're chained up yes where are they chained up at on the de now mother didn't change them up just to be mean okay they're chained up because they stole mother's food uhhuh but I'm sorry if I talk too much okay I've never talked to anybody out there so I don't I I've never been alone with a person so this is very hard for me to talk okay how did you do your parents know you left your house no they home do you take any medication what's medication medication yeah what's medication do you take pills do you take pills oh I think I've ever taken a pill before okay right I have it um but the girl with the strange vocabulary nervously puts on a little hat a reminder of one of her sisters who's depending on her our parents are abusing they abuse us but the reason I called and re I managed to get out here this is one of the most scariest things I've ever done I'm terrified but I called because my two little sisters they chained up right now the deputy a 9-year veteran of the force is not sure what to make of this 17-year-old girl who looks so much younger he is ending a graveyard shift and it's been a hard night robbery calls assault calls deputies were shot at he responded to The Runaway call because he knows how they usually end you take the kids back home to reconcile with their parents I decided to take it think hey this this might be a good way just to end my shift and then on Instinct he asks a question you have pictures of that yes I can show you I actually didn't have it and then one of my sisters told me I need to get pictures you have pictures of your sisters chained up yes but they're yeah they're in here okay I I don't have proof of everything but I have proof that my sisters are chained up so see she doesn't seem to know the word bruised you can look at that see those are the places that make a know man and see how dirty she is we so filthy we we we don't take baths we don't how did your sisters get like this okay your parents chained them up yes because they stole food okay but they stole it because they were hungry who took this picture I did I took those pictures okay you make sure to save these okay okay I will don't get rid of those I will I won't they looked very very sad malnourished they were very pel this is that Deputy Anthony kalachi once I saw that photo it really sealed the deal for me kalachi knows this girl is not your usual runaway she has identified a possible crime in progress and her parents could be trying to find her can you do me a favor take a seat in the back of my car do you have any injuries what injuries are you hurt oh no not right now kalachi radio's in for backup one pairs 32 can I have 11 10 with his body cam running he gathers more facts trying to piece this story together what are your parents going to do when they find out you left uh they're going to want to literally kill me what's the worst thing they've done to you uh did have choked me against the bed and did you call the police I know I didn't have wait to get a phone yet this is the first I got suddenly she remembers another detail a horror recounted as part of her everyday life oh my brother's chained up too right um they're chained up one of my brothers is ched up so three people are chained up right now [Music] what does your mom do nothing she just stays at home but she's always gone well why don't you guys just leave the house because we're terrified we we don't really have a weight everyone's always looking there's always so Deputy kalachi is stunned by the girl in the back seat with limited words and so much courage I asked her what her middle name was she said it was Elizabeth I asked her to spell it she she couldn't spell it I wanted her to know people on the outside are loving and caring he notices a video on her cell phone she's singing he asks to watch it you blame me for everything I don't understand this is a great video in your beautiful singer daylight arches over a pleasant Suburban neighborhood it's Sunday most residents are still asleep quietly Riverside County Sheriff's deputies pull up to a house on the outside a house just like the others it has been an hour and a half since Jordan Turpin climbed out the window so they was like if we walk in will they still be Chained and I was like if they didn't notice me missing yet yes but if they notice me missing they're going to try to cover that all up and they asked me if I wanted to come up and I was freaking out I was like no no no no like honestly I thought like knowing them what if they killed me right there and there even if the police were there just saying doing a well her check yeah since a child may be in danger the deputies do not need a warrant to enter the house they knock for 2 minutes and 10 seconds you're obviously not opening then suddenly the door cracks open hi hi a mother and father appear you guys doing good we got a call for a check the welfare here at your house they are breathing heavily yeah hi do you guys have kids in the house yes okay what kind of Cl did you get how you doing sir I'm doing okay we were we were just in bed I mean like David and Louise tpin who have concealed a chamber of Horrors for almost 30 years now watch as deputies start to make their way through the door we're going to come in and check okay and in one of the rooms inside the house someone is waiting in her bed Eyes Wide Open praying that the knock on the door means her sister made it to Freedom knock knock KN and I'm like and then they said it's the police and I'm like this is it in the next hour we will show you the video as it happens what law enforcement sees when they walk into the house their first encounter with emaciated children some of them chained to their beds hi everyone George Stephanopoulos here thanks for checking out the ABC News YouTube channel if you'd like to get more videos show highlights and watch live event coverage click on the right over here to subscribe to our Channel and don't forget to download the ABC News app for breaking news alerts thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheSnoeedog [1 likes]: wow! people can say what they will about police responses...but 90 minutes from the time this girl escaped, to the time the cops hit the door is impressive. That might seem like awhile, but we're watching a condensed distillation of time passing. She had to escape, make the call, convince the operator, convince the dispatcher, convince the officer on the scene who had to convince his superiors who had to get together a team to crash the house...all on a saturday night after the bars closed.  I think that's impressive
  2. @nickg2942 [1 likes]: I just want to say that 1 she is a fucking hero! Those people dont deserve lockup, they deserve far worse than that. This is absolutely horrifying. I balled my eyes out watching this.
  3. @kasiastar552 [1 likes]: I wonder in how many homes ugly things are happening right now. 
She is an Angel 👼 bruised one. 
Heartbreaking 💔 
Glad that this officer did not send her home 
So many mentally ill people have children or spouses and no one knows 
God 🥲🥲
  4. @NRGODKING: Shes hot
  5. @YTwithAD: Ah so this is the open mouth chewer. Made it hard to listen to the poor girl (in the car).
  6. @capespi: I see their grandmother Turpin passed away a couple days ago.
  7. @Melissa-SC73: She did a brave thing just in time. Had they moved before she got a chance to take off, they’d be in the same situation. Right time, right officer.
  8. @Zanebrain101: does anyone know what she said at 5:57?
  9. @Zanebrain101: Wow she has incredible will and determination to do what she did, but life has another trial to throw at her of transitioning back into the living
  10. @hectornegron9155: I'm here with my eyes feeling like a puddle of water, with a lump on my throat, about to throw up listening to this young lady and imagining what she and her siblings went through at the hands of their own parents. 
I cannot even imagine a human being, let alone parents, abusing their own children like that. 
I've been called over protective bc of the way I've acted with my daughters since the day they were born, bc of how much I've always loved them and looked  out for them.  If any mf laid a hand on any of them that mf would be immediatelly sentenced to death by me. That would also apply to this kids father if I was their neighbor. I'm sure of that.
  11. @cathybailey6292: Thank God he took her seriously.  That deputy did an amazing job on a incredibly difficult story he was hearing. Thank God Jordin took a picture of them being chained. I still think of all these kids today praying for them
  12. @Luvdrop27: When she said "choked on bed" it gave me so many shitty memories of my childhood I've tried to suppress...may no human ever experience violence god pls
  13. @WTATopSpins: Brilliant investigation! You highlighted details that others completely missed.
  14. @donfacundo2118: With a very  limited vocabulary she is very bright
  15. @bhuvaneshwarij1326: Her parents look like proper psychos
  16. @Justlaughyo: What is medication... 😢😢😢
  17. @omygod9062: 13 kid chained up
  18. @louisewilken6883: Wat took him so long to go to the house
  19. @KristaCurrie-g6l: Heartbreaking . Her strength ❤ I just wish compassion and protection were the primary approach. True heros
  20. @Aannddeerrzz: I am not impressed in the officer a bit. He’s impersonal and not telling her she is ok when repeating that she’s terrified. He did not believe her at all at first. What if she didn’t have those pictures? Would he have taken older for her word?