- Preparing House for Long Vacation | 12 Important Things You Should Do!: Kind: captions Language: en-US Yay! Let's go for a long vacation! Let's escape this winter! Yes, I cannot wait! Ehhh wait wait wait What? Have you gone through our check list to leave our house vacant for a long time? Of course I have! Let me show you what I have done Okay, okay Tip #1 shut off your main water valve Where is your water valve? Look for your water meter Usually there is a valve right after it. That is your main water valve&nbsp; that you want to shut off. Why? because you don't want frozen or burst pipe especially when you are not home. Tip #2 Turn down the heat at your water heater. Why? Since already no one is&nbsp; at home using the hot water might as well turn it down to lower setting so it does not continue burning&nbsp; gas which mean higher heating bill to maintain this high heat. Tip#3 Change the thermostat to 55℉. Since nobody is home, change it to 55℉ Lower the heat which also&nbsp; means lower the heating bill. Why 55℉? Because anything lower than that&nbsp; could cause certain parts of your home to be much colder, which increases&nbsp; the chance of frozen pipes. Tip#4 Empty out your fridge Since no one is home to eat this food anyway give them out to your neighbors, friends, family don't let them rot in the house&nbsp; and stink up the house. Tip#5 Clear the trash Don't stink the house up! Tip#6 Unplug all your electronics No one is home to use, unplug all of them save some energy bill Tip#7 Put some light on timer Go get couple of this switch timer Put lights on timer and have them go on when it's dark and turn off around bed time. From the outside, it looks like someone is home. Tip#8 Enlist your neighbor, friends,&nbsp; or family to stop by your house Have them come over the house check if your house is still standing clear any mails from the&nbsp; mail box or the front door and make sure that the furnace is still working. Tip#9 Snow removal Make sure you have someone to help remove snow&nbsp; from your drive way as you normally would. Nice untouched snow for long period&nbsp; of time means no one is home. Tip#10 If your vehicles are parked outside, have someone to move them around. Starting them up will keep the battery alive, and moving them around means someone is home, which keeps trouble out from your house. Done! Tip#11 Lock all your windows and doors Locking windows and doors&nbsp; maintains security of your home. On top of that, locking your&nbsp; windows help them seal tighter which minimizes hot and cold air exchange which save you some heating bill. Tip#12 be careful what you post on social media Don't keep flaunting you are some place else, that is an announcement to the&nbsp; world that your home is vacant. Wow! You have thought it through and completed the whole check list. Well I guess we can go on&nbsp; vacation and knowing that our home is safe and secure! Yup! Have fun! Let's go~ Bye! What's up my friends. I'm Jenn Ho, Your Fit Realtor Realty ONE Group Impact. Be sure to tag your snowbird friends so you know their home is&nbsp; safe and secure this winter. As always, follow me on my Facebook and Instagram for my day to day activities and subscribe to my YouTube channel&nbsp; and hit the bell notification so you know when fun video get posted. For now, I need to magically shut my front door. See ya, Bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @hamid6730-v5h [5 likes]: very helpful and organized
  2. @dannyfang0000 [3 likes]: Don't order any Amazon, that will sit on your porch for more than a day. You don't want anyone to get that close to your house.
  3. @Kanaoru [2 likes]: Thank you
  4. @darktatsu2894 [2 likes]: 55 degrees in FL will actually kill my electricity bill haha (assuming that was a tip for a northern state). 

Question - When turning off the water do I need to get the remaining water out of the line by turning on the faucets? I also read online they said to keep the faucet open? That makes me feel uncomfortable. Any advice on this would be greatly appreciated!
  5. @mcfalcia [1 likes]: Fun and informative. Thanks!
  6. @allenwalker7561 [1 likes]: very helpful
  7. @brytib200 [1 likes]: #9 two times😂
  8. @medicinalplantskian1937: Sooooooo, going on vacation. Where is your house? Since it is empty I can come and water your plants.....😂😂😂😂
  9. @Alexander-zc2ju: good video, thank you for the useful tips!
  10. @pinatajuju4471: Thank you
  11. @qtip7345: If away 6 to 8 months, if you turn the main water supply off to the house, why would the vacation mode setting on the gas control  knob  be sufficient? if no other water is on in the house, only the water in the tank it's self is being heated. 
What happens if a potential leak occurs and no water is in the tank , and the pilot light is still lit? it could possibly dry fire and cause damage to the tank. Rather than just shutting it off completely, gas value and gas control knob to off position 
 Just curious what is the best option in case scenario?
  12. @Fil-z6w: Everything I needed! Going to Mexico tomorrow for 8 days 🎉 what about turning off natural gas valve?
Thanks guys!
  13. @ronniewest838: Great review‼️
  14. @SouthPaw909: Nice !!!!
  15. @Palletmover2023: Very helpful
  16. @vmax4575: If you start the vehicle to move it, let it fully warm up (starting and stopping without warning can drain the battery and rust out the exhaust system). Also leave the doors under the kitchen sink open especially if the counter/sink are on an outside wall. Flush toilets and close lids. Ensure that all of the sinks and floor drains have water in the traps (This will prevent sewer gas from coming back into the house). There are many more things to do depending on how long you will be gone.
  17. @downsouth1678: Should I unplug the stove ?
  18. @ronnrivera6002: what happened to the furnace if you shut off main water valve furnace needs water to function
  19. @jerrywilkin: Empty fridge of food that can expire.  Everything else is not only okay, but will help minimize fridge run-time.  Better yet, dump the milk and put a couple of gallons of water in the refrigerator to help even more.
  20. @brytib200: Take out the trash? Omg groundbreaking

- Must-Do Home Checklist Before Your Vacation Away: Kind: captions Language: en Now, if you're about to leave on a trip, especially if it's an extended trip more than a week, there's some things you really need to do um to secure your house and make sure everything's good so you don't have to worry about it while you're on your trip. This is Darl and Aaron on Travel with D. Let's go ahead and take a closer look at some of those items we need to look at. Now, the first item you really got to look at is being able to secure your home. Yes. Um, that's one of the top priorities to give you peace of mind while you're traveling. Yeah. So, if you got an alarm system, of course, you want to make sure that's all set up. Um, and if it's tied into your smoke detectors and carbon monoxide detectors, those kind of things, just make sure it's all ready to go. The batteries are in and all that kind of stuff. So, yep. Another uh tip I we'd suggest is um hide the key somewhere outside or maybe give it to a neighbor or a family member or a friend. And remember, if you put it under the um the doormat, if if somebody nefarious really thinks about it, they're they're going to check there if they want to get in your house. So, right. Be be a little bit discreet about where you're putting it. Yep. And um if you're going to uh give the key to someone, make sure they're trustworthy with your uh security code. Yeah. And it may be your family member, friend, or even your neighbor uh who you gotten to know and trust. All right. The other item you need to think about is adjust your thermostat. So you don't need it on 64 or 66 in the middle of the summer while you're gone cuz it's just going to sit there and keep keep going. Keep going. You're going to burn up a lot of electricity for no reason. Yep. Just be efficient while you're gone. Another way to relax while you're on vacation. Yeah. So cut that thermostat either up or down just so it ain't coming on real often while you're not there. All right. Right. And so if you have any pups uh or any pets or any pets um you know secure someone that will take good care of them. Does your veterary uh establishment have a in-house uh boarding? Yeah. And there's other ways I forgot the name of the place but there's play like dayc carees for pets and uh many times they'll board overnight as well. Um, so just something to think about or again maybe a family member who is who the dogs are or are the pets are familiar with can come to your house and that way and if you don't have to board them um then that saves on some cost. Yeah. So we got Yeah. So we got two dogs so you know for us to board them it'd be somewhat expensive. The other consideration of course depending on what kind of travel you're doing if it's pet friendly hey maybe bring the pets along too. Another great tip is um unplug all your electronics. Yes. So you got things like your um your uh smart TV, big 56 in or 72 in. Turn that sucker off, unplug it. That way if there's a power surge, something of that nature, um it ain't going to blow out your uh your TV or maybe your even computer, if you don't have a surge protector on it, you probably want to power that off as well. And so it just it it enables you to protect your electronics, your digital stuff from power surges and uh it just keeps them keeps them safe and you're not burning electricity as well. So what else can they do? Yeah, so you can actually get with the United States Postal Service and you can suspend your mail. I think you got to go down, fill a form out and uh it'll suspend the mail for two, three weeks, whatever you need. You can put your actual dates. Mhm. Yeah. So, that's kind of a cool thing to do cuz look, our mailbox after a week, let's just say if we don't go out there and check it, they're shoving stuff in. And you don't want if there's a check or something like that, maybe you got a new credit card coming in, a debit card, you don't want anybody to know you're not here. And that's one way they can do is just check your mailbox and if it's all piled up, they know you're not here. just talking with my father-in-law. He just went on a week trip and uh after one day his fills up. So, uh you know, after getting mail for so long and everything, I guess he they u he gets quite a bit of mail. So, um it's always safe and and um that way, you know, people don't notice that um things are you're not there at home, right? And you can also have a family member, a friend or a neighbor go and pull the mail out and just throw it in a box or something till you get back. That's always an option. Uh not only the post office, but maybe get in touch with other Yeah. Like like if you if you're ordering stuff on Amazon where you order a good bit of stuff on Amazon, um make sure it's not going to be delivered while you're gone. Mhm. I mean, if you think about it, um, that's pretty obvious, but if you're not here and there's a package that sits on your front door for two or three days or longer, it ain't going to be sitting there in two or three day two or three or four days longer. Somebody's probably going to steal it. Or maybe you have a subscription for items that you get shipped to from Amazon to your door uh monthly. If you're going to be traveling during that time, you'll have to somehow get in touch with them, change an address or delay it. Um, so think about that. Yeah, cuz you don't want anything stolen from from off your property and off the front door. And again, that's just another another reminder that you may not be there at home because you're not picking up your packages. So, they may be casing out your uh casing out your house in the future. And along with all that, uh, your newspaper, if you have a newspaper subscription, you know, do people do people still get newspapers? I guess so. Yes, my dad does. My dad does, actually. So, um, if papers, newspapers start piling up on the front yard, that's a sign. That's a sign. And if any nefarious people want to check out and start casing a house, that would be yours cuz you ain't picking up your newspapers. All right. Another another uh idea is to go ahead and put some strategic lights on in different locations, right? So, it can be in a room that you can't really see in, like a bathroom, because usually you have that glass, it's kind of frosted. um turn that light on there um at other strategic places around the house to make it look like you're living there, right? Or you could uh order from Amazon or Walmart the time timers. You can plug in a lamp in your bedroom. You can plug in your living room and that way they come on the same time you would normally turn them on in your house at normal time. Then it looks like you're still there. or even kind of at a random uh times, you know, just just to keep people thinking that you have lights coming off and on. Somebody must be there. I don't want to mess with that house. So, that's the idea. So, that's good ideas for outside. Don't forget about your exterior lights. Yeah. So, your exterior lights, you dog want to make sure you have them on. I mean, that's your your biggest deterrent of people walking up your driveway, coming by your front door is that light comes on, um, or if there's a light on or even a motion activated light, that thing clicks on, man, that really freaks people out and, uh, they're going to probably turn the other direction. Yeah. And one other really good uh tool to use is is you can get fairly inexpensive cameras that are mo you can do it motion activated or not. But basically when somebody moves where you have it maybe by your front door, your back door, maybe the driveway, somewhere in the backyard, um you can have these cameras set up that activate on motion. They have night vision. Um you can hit a button and an alarm goes off. You can actually hit a button and speak, you know, tell the person, "Hey, get out of here. I I see you." So, it's connected to your phone. It's connected to your phone. Good point. Um, and you can actually talk to them or and you hear them as well. Um, so they're pretty inexpensive. I got a number of them around our house and I can just keep monitoring anytime there's motion by any of these areas. You can just make sure, oh, that's family. Okay, cool. But hey, it's a great way to do it. And you can have it to where it's backed up. Like some of them are just like 3 days real time or 3 days moving, but you can do it, you can actually pay a little bit more and get like 30 days, 60 days. So you got a you got camera work and it's HD as well um that you can help if somebody does do something and comes in your property, you'll know about it and be able to uh report that to the police or authorities if you need to. So, uh, if you have automatic watering to think about your outdoor stuff sometimes, um, which we do, uh, have automatic watering systems. Yeah. So, I got a huge garden in my backyard. Um, check out Luzan Living for that garden. Nevertheless, uh, I got a number of raised beds in the backyard, and if I'm not going to be there, I want to make sure they're watered. I don't have to make my dad come over and water them. So, I got drip hoses, that kind of thing. But the important point is if the w depending upon the weather, you go ahead and make sure they're on, check them out, make sure the the uh the drip hoses are not got holes in them and stuff. But the other consideration is let's take a look at the weather or the climate. If you're in an area that's that's looking to freeze or come close to a hard freeze in the next or at least during your trip, it may be a consideration to actually turn your automatic watering off. And it may be your garden, but it may be your landscaping, which we have that as well. What we don't want is a hard freeze, the pipe crack or the hose just crack and it's just blowing water, you know, and you don't you don't want that as well. You have a high water bill when you get back and you may have if it's really cold enough, you may have a ice ice on your driveway and things of that nature. So, just considerations depending upon the climate and the weather, what you should do with your automated watering systems. Sounds good. Now, the next thing is to think about your home phone if you have one. If you have one, like we don't have a home phone. We all got cell phones, right? But our older parents do. Our parents do. They have their own home phone. Um, and what you want to do is make sure if you're going to be gone for a while, you may want to go and put it on call forwarding to your cell number. Mhm. That way if you're in, you know, Washington state, your RV or whatever the case, somebody's calling you, you at least are able to check and monitor it, um, and then answer it if it's if it's important and, uh, enough to answer. So, that's always a good thing to do. If you do have a home phone, have it call, forward it to yourself. Uh, something that, uh, I sometimes regret that I don't do, um, before you go on a trip, clean out your fridge. um you don't want to come home to some yucky smelling uh you know things and have to do extra clean up. So go ahead and take care of that prior to you going. And if anybody does have to come into your house for any reason, it just saves a whole bottle of wax of um them having to clean up in case maybe the electricity goes out while you're gone or or you know they need to quickly unload and stuff. It um it's already done. So, um, prior to going on vacation, go ahead and clean out that fridge. Yeah, it's a good idea. Also, if you think about it, to go ahead and cook up a dinner for that day you get back or that evening you get back. You may not be in the mood or you may be tired. You don't feel like cooking something. Uh, have that frozen meal. You can thaw it out, throw it in the microwave, boom, you got a dinner uh, sitting there when you get back, you know, from your long trip. That's a game changer already ready in the freezer for you and you don't even have to think about it. The other thing to think about completely different from that is you is you have your uh garbage cans and recycling cans. Uh if you put them out to the road like before you leave, make sure you have your neighbor or friend or family member to come over and put your uh trash cans up back in the uh back under the garage or wherever you have them. If they're sitting out there for a week, people know you're not home. And that's just another consideration. Have somebody move those things back for you, back in the garage or wherever you place them. And that brings up a point I didn't think about. Um, empty out all your trash cans out of your house before you go on vacation. You don't want to come back to a bad smell when you come back. So, that's another tip. Yeah. If you if you're putting food and such, you just talked about cleaning out the the refrigerator. If you put it in the trash, well, you better bring that trash outside and put it in the trash receptacle and uh not leave it while you're uh in your trip. That would really suck when you get back. And so, you really don't want to be worrying about your house or the security of your house while you're on your uh on your trip. You want to be relaxing and enjoying what you're doing. Um seeing new sites, spending time with your loved one or or your family and making memories. So, we just want to give you some tips um to kind of help you out to make sure your house is in order while you're on your trip. And as always, if you have any other tips or suggestions, please leave them down in the comments. Uh we enjoy reading all of our comments uh learning new things also. And our uh travel with D& community sure do enjoy it also. Yeah, absolutely. Um, so hopefully these uh these hits here helped you a little bit on the house and security. And uh take a look at all of our other videos like this one. Subscribe so you don't miss any of our new content. Thanks for watching and as always, we will see you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jamesbest8038 [1 likes]: USPS mail holds can be done online. However, they will only hold your mail for a maximum of 30 days.

- Airbnb/STR checklist: Five things to do just before your guests arrive: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, hey there. You guys are back. In this video, I will be sharing with you our pre-checking procedure right before the guest checks in. Come on in. So, you finally cleaned your home and your guests are right about to check in. So, this is like the final crossing your T dotting your I process. We do this all the time and we notice that it has helped us with like figuring out if there are errors before the guests come in. So, I'll go straight into it. First thing that we always do is we go through our checklist. So, the cleaners have finished cleaning the apartment, but there's a checklist that they need to go through one more time before or right before the guest comes in. So, there are two apps we use all the time to create our digital checklist with our cleaners and all of that. So, we use either Properly or TurnoverBnB. TurnoverBnB, we totally swear by. We create all our checklist on there and our cleaners also have access to the app as well. So, you can go on the app and then create a checklist of all the different things you would want your cleaners to do while they're cleaning and you also have access to the app as well. So, once they are done doing something, they just check it over. It's really that easy. The second thing that I will definitely recommend you do is ensure you check your appliances. I mean, there are some things that you might overlook, but certain things like light bulbs, your ACs, your switches, just TV, just make sure you turn everything on. Make sure everything is working well and then, yeah, you can turn it off right before the guest comes in. Third, we have spraying. Like spraying like that last minute puff is amazing, you know? So, you have to spray your fabric refresher on your linens and then also like spray air fresheners all around the house so that the guest can come into like a nice smelling space, you know? And then if candles, burning candles are your thing, you should also burn that last minute candle right before they come in. So, you finally sprayed your home or you burnt your last minute candle and your home smells amazing. So, now is the time for you to call your guests or send your guests a message and let them know that the home is ready for them. Right? But then don't forget this is the perfect opportunity for you to also send them a reminder with the house manual and your house rules, which would obviously have like directions to your home. And then finally, you lock up your home, of course, and hand the keys over to security or if you have like a smart lock, you put it in your smart lock. And then, don't forget to tell security or inform security of the booking process. So, if there are two guests coming in, three guests coming in, let them know, drop their names at the gate and that's it, pretty much. So, there you go. These are the things that we do right before check-in and it always works.

  Top Comments:
  1. @localproman: Check yourself on that advice about spray everything some people are allergic to perfume
  2. @tomisinonafowokan3484: Wow 

Thank you for the tips 👏🏽👏🏽

- Secrets to getting the perfect vacation home rental: Kind: captions Language: en THIS MORNING WE HAVE YOUR HOME SHARE CHECKLIST SO YOUR DREAM VACATION DOESN'T END UP A NIGHTMARE. NEED AN ESCAPE FROM THE DAILY GRIND? FOR YOUR NEXT FAMILY VACATION, YOU COULD RELAX BY THE POOL AT THIS HOME IN PORT ST. LUCIE, FLORIDA FOR $333 A NIGHT. OR WATCH THE SUNRISE AT THIS OCEAN FRONT CONDO IN MYRTLE BEACH, SOUTH CAROLINA FOR $507 A NIGHT. OR ENJOY THE VIEW IN STEAMBOAT SPRINGS FOR $1325 A NIGHT. THESE RENTALS ALL BIG ENOUGH TO SHARE WITH ANOTHER FAMILY. IT IS A POPULAR TRAVEL TREND AS MANY LOOK TO GIVE THEIR WALLETS A BREAK THIS SPRING. THE AVERAGE FAMILY OF FOUR NOW SPENDS MORE THAN $4500 ON A VACATION EACH YEAR. BUT BY BUDDYING UP AT A HOME SHARE, YOU CAN 134RI9KCAN SPLIT WITH OTHERS WHILE MAKING PRICELESS MEMORIES. AiRBNB REPORTED FAMILY TRAVEL NEARLY DOUBLED LAST YEAR IN THE U.S. AND VRBO SAYS 57% OF TRAVELERS PLAN TO TAKE TRIPS MORE OFTEN WITH GROUPS OF FRIENDS. >> TO RENT A BIG HUGE HOUSE OR CABIN WOULD HAVE NOT MADE FINANCIAL SENSE. SO SPLITTING IT WITH A FAMILY WAS PERFECT. >> Reporter: CONCERN, HER HUSBAND KAREN,LER DAUGHTER AND HUSBAND ESCAPED. AND THEY SEARCHED AiRBNB TO FIND A SPACIOUS CABIN. >> HEWE WANTED TO HAVE ENOUGH SPACE ON THE TWO FAMILIES COULD BE TOGETHER BUT SEPARATE. >> Reporter: AND THEY TOOK IN THE SIGHTS AND SAVINGS AS THE OUTDOOR TOYS INCLUDED PROVIDED ENTERTAINMENT AND THEY ALSO SPLIT THE GROCERY BILL. >> IT IS CHEAPER THAN A HOTEL. >> Reporter: BUT THE PHRASE THE MORE THE MERRIER DOESN'T ALWAYS APPLY. CHERYL NELSON SAYS BEFORE BOOKING A SHARED SPACE, DISCUSSING THE DETAILS CAN HELP ENSURE EVERYONE GOES AND COMES BACK AS FRIENDS. WHAT ABOUT IF YOU ARE TRAVELING WITH ANOTHER FAMILY ON A SHARED VACATION, WHAT ARE SOME TIPS TO MAKE IT -- >> THERE HAVE TO BE SOME HOIST RULES. ARE THERE QUIET HOURS. WHAT ABOUT PETS. DON'T BRING YOUR DOG IF SOMEBODY ELSE IS BRING THARG CATING THEIR AND HOW DO THE KIDS PLAY. >> Reporter: TALK ABOUT THE BUDGET, HOW MUCH SPACE YOU NEED AND IF YOU WANT TO SPLIT IT PER FAMILY OR PER PERSON. AND SHE SUGGESTS ASSIGNING RULES AHEAD OF TIME. >> A LOT OF TIMES THERE IS ONLY ONE OR MAYBE TWO MASTER SUITES. YOU DON'T WANT EVERYONE FIGHTING OVER THAT. >> Reporter: AND ALSO HOW TO 134RI9 FOOD SPLIT FOOD COSTS, HOW MUCH TIME TO SPEND TOGETHER AND APART, AND WHO DOES THE CHORES. >> IF ONE FAMILY IS COOKING, MAYBE THE OTHER ONE CLEAN IT IS THAT DAY. >> Reporter: WHEN CONSIDERING A HOME RENTAL, NELSON SAYS MAKE SAFETY A PRIORITY. READ ALL THE REVIEWS AND YOU CAN CHECK OUT THE SURROUNDING AREA BY ENTERING THE ADDRESS ON A STREET VIEW MAP. AND YOU CAN SEE THE RECENT SERIOUS CRIMES THERE IF YOU PUT THE ADDRESS INTO CRIMEMAPPING.COM. WHAT ARE SOME RED FLAGS? >> IF THEY COULDN'T PROVIDE ANY SORT OF PICTURE OF A DOORWAY OR EXTERNAL PITS,CTURES, THAT MIGHT RAISE A RED FLAG. >> Reporter: NELSON SAYS THE FIRST SAFETY CHECK IS ASK THE RENTAL HAVE A SMOKE DAE TECH TORE AND CARBON MONOXIDE ALARM. YOU CAN ALSO BRING YOUR OWN. >> THIS ONE IS PORTABLE, JUST PLUG IT IN. >> Reporter: AND SHE USES A FLASH LIGHT TO LOOK FOR HIDDEN CAMERAS. >> CLOSE THE BLINDS, LIGHTS OFF AND AS I'M LOUNGING, I JUST START POINTING THIS AT VENTS. IF YOU SEE ANYTHING REFLECTING BACK AT YOU, THERE MIGHT BE A HIDDEN CAMERA. >> Reporter: AND SHE CHECKS DRAWERS FOR SHARP OBJECTS AND DRUGS OR CHEMICALS. TIPS TO KEEP YOUR HOME SHARE TRAVELS FULL OF GOOD, CLEAN FAMILY FUN. AND IF YOU TO PLAN TO SHARE A RENTAL WITH SOMEONE YOU DON'T KNOW, MAKE SURE YOUR BEDROOM DOOR HAS A LOCK. BY THE WAY, NELSON RECOMMENDS TRAVELING WITH CERTAIN SIGHTS. FOR ONE, THIS DOOR STOP ALARM, THIS YOU PUT RIGHT UNDER THE DOOR SO IF ANYONE TRIES TO OPEN IT, A VERY LOUD ALARM SOUNDS. >> GOOD FOR THE KIDS. >> AND ALSO THIS PORTABLE DOOR LOCK, IT IS VERY EASY TO USE. YOU JUST SLIDE IT ON TO THE DOORJAMB AND PUT THIS LITTLE PART IN. SO IF YOU ARE NOT SURE ABOUT THE LOCKS. AND THIS IS A GOOD ONE EVEN FOR EVERYDAY USE, A PERSONAL A ALLAR >> AND WHAT ARE POPULAR LOCATIONS? >> PORT ST. LUCIE, FLORIDA ACCORDING TO AiRBNB. A POLICE CALLED NOONAN GEORGIA, AND ROCK TLTS WELL, TEXAS. THOSE ARE POPULAR AFFORDABLE DESTINATIONS. SO MANY PLACES IN OUR OWN COUNTRY. >> AND I THINK IF YOU RENT WITH ANOTHER FAMILY, ESTABLISH THERE IS ONLY ONE MASTER BEDROOM, YOU HAVE TO FIGURE THAT OUT. HAS TO BE THE PERSON WHO BOOKED IT OR -- >> THAT IS WHAT I THINK. >> AND YOU PAY A LITTLE MORE.

  Top Comments:
  1. @taylorwest5468 [3 likes]: I live in Newnan, GA. I am wondering what attracts people to vacation here?
  2. @TheNomadicFoodie [2 likes]: Port St. Lucie is really nice 🌊
  3. @bridgetf1849 [1 likes]: Please add links to the 3 products she mentions near the end
  4. @DrFlechsig68 [1 likes]: Yay Newnan!
  5. @noway6362 [1 likes]: Build your own like I did

- 14 Things I Wish I Knew BEFORE I Started Airbnb: Kind: captions Language: en okay so point one the occupancy rate that so many people get obsessed with when they're starting out means almost nothing when I started I was obsessed with occupancy I was always pushing trying to get it to 100% I was lowering rates offering one night stays just to fill up those little gaps and you know what I find out I was taking bck that I shouldn't have had and in actual fact the higher the occupancy it actually became less profitable for me but the opposite is also true having a lower occupancy can actually mean you're more profitable the goal should always be to maximize the rates that you're charging and then ultimately The Profit that you're left with at the end of the month because remember you can get 100% occupancy with tenants but you're not going to be happy with that nightly rate now I say it means almost nothing because really if you have an occupancy rate of around 85% you're smashing it that means your rates are just that two bit high that not everyone is going to be able to book them but the people that do book them are paying top whack so if you're speaking to someone who's already got started and they're boasting about how they've got 99% occupancy guess what their prices are too cheap you need to save yourself the hassle of trying to manually adjust these things yourself and link up to a rate pricing software like price Labs where they are going to adjust your rates based on your availability and the demand in the area that is what you want to be doing okay number two and the thing that I wish I knew the most when I was starting out is that the location of the property is the most important thing when you're getting started and why well it's because it's the only thing that can't be changed once you decide it if you take a property on in an undesirable or unsafe area it doesn't matter how nice you've done it up inside guess are going to come and just not like it and they're going to leave you bad reviews when I was just starting out and I was hungry to grow the portfolio I took on properties that I knew weren't in the best location here in Belfast they were slightly further out of the city center but I thought it'll be okay but no guess you're coming if it's in a city center location they want to be in the city center they want to be close to all the action the bars restaurants cafes attractions everything that your area has and if you think of the city like a little heat map the further out you get from the center the cooler your rates are going to get by k i me bad and if you're not in a city center if you're in a rural location well then think of it more of the setting that your property sits in does it have beautiful views or is it sitting right beside an abattoir or some horrible Factory with the smells are going to come wafting into your property I don't mean to take the extremes like this but it really is important to think about not just the inside of the property and your customer service but also the outside of the property what the guest experience when not only they're on their way to the property but when they're actually in it and experienc in their stay the Third thing I wish I knew before I started was that you cannot fight the market forces of supply and demand now I'm no Economist but I know if your property [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] then no one's going to book it your property is going to be a product and just like on a site like Amazon reviews are going to come in judging how good it is and those reviews are going to impact the demand for your property so what that means is if you're opening a property in a place where there's a ton of Supply already well then you have to work damn hard to stand out from everyone else in your area and offer something exceptionally different or better that's going to make the demand for your place that much higher now you might be thinking well I'm in an area where there's no airbnbs so I'm going to open mine and I'm going to get all the demand because I'm the only Supply but in reality there may be a reason why there are no other airbnbs in that area maybe the demand just isn't there or maybe it is and you're going to be the first one there in the gold rush if you want to check it you use a website like airdna it's going to show you the types of Gest that are going to come what nightly R you can charge and it's just going to make everything when you're getting started so much easier now before I go on who the hell am I and why should you listen to me well my name is Dave I'm the founder of an award-winning property management company here in Belfast we host over 15,000 guests a year across 75 properties doing about £4 million in bookings I'm an author of an Amazon number one best seller and I love helping people either get started in Airbnb or scale up the right way but most importantly I remember what it was like when I was just starting out there were no books you could read there were no courses the Airbnb platform didn't even exist yes I know I learned everything through trial and error and there were lots of errors and that's why this channel exists to help clever driven good-looking people just like you get started in Airbnb and dominate so let's get back to the video and then at number four guests can be T now not all of them and they're not all going to be complete but you get a lot of guests who are going to come and they're just pling selfish and or rud to you as the host now if you're offering a quality product which you better be then you're going to get guests who expect a lot they're the type of guests that if your their steak isn't cooked properly in a restaurant they're going to ask for a refund fund or if their coffee is not hot enough when it's served they're going to ask for another one you know the type maybe you are that type but the issue is when it comes to you and your Airbnb if they find one hair one piece of dust one little thing that's wrong in your entire property throughout the entire stay they're going to come after you looking for a refund because remember like I always say this is a Hospitality business and you're running basically a small hotel so unfortunately you're going to have to suck it up say yes or no sir I'm so sorry about this mistake and deal with it offer a refund it's due if something has gone wrong you probably write the offer one but do not be blackmailed there are so many people out there who just look for something or just invent something to try and get a refund on their stay and get a completely free stay and they'll tell you if you don't give us a refund we're going to leave you a negative review don't let that happen report that to Airbnb that guest will probably get in trouble with Airbnb Point number five is that again with guests guests do not care about you or your time now I know you want to be delivering awesome customer service but a often to the guests you are just an annoying little person who works at reception who's going to let them in so they can get home with their holiday and that's fair enough but of course they assume that there is a reception when of course there's not it's just your property in the middle of your street or your apartment block and you're in there waiting for them to arrive it was so many times I would be waiting at one of my properties to do a meet and greet the guests on their way would just change plans go and decide to go to the Chance's Causeway or stop for lunch and did not tell you so the agreed time that they were supposed to arrive you've been sitting there already a bit early and then their next thing there're 3 hours late or likewise you could be sitting at 11:00 p.m. and a message will come in from a guest and they expect an immediate reply it's effectively they think they're in a hotel room and they're lifting the phone and pushing zero to phone reception that there's always going to be someone there Wai and by the phone but again like before this is the hassle that comes with Airbnb you are running the hospitality business guests do have questions they are entitled to change their plans on the way to come and stay so the best thing that you can do is to try and put measures in place to try and stop it happening if you are going to do me and grates make sure you tell the guest that you're going to be there waiting for them and if the plans change to please let you know but also bring your laptop bring stuff that you can actually work on while you're waiting for the guests so it's not just wasted time and lastly effective communication with the guests before and during their stay is key so leave a really thorough guest book for guests whenever they get into the property so they don't need to phone you at 11:00 p.m. to find out how the microwave works and before they arrive you can send them all your information about how to check in how everything works then so hopefully if they read it then they're going to be equipped to know what everything is how everything works and hopefully not torch you in the middle of the night so the SI I'm going to stop doing this so the sixth thing that I wish I knew when I started out is that growing an Airbnb business is actually really hard one property is very manageable two properties is manageable as well now if you want to know how to do that you can click this link and watch this video there are ways to systemize it but once you get past two or three properties things get a little crazy you can end up stretched and overworked you're spinning all sorts of plates now it's of course the right thing to do to leverage out systems and people and Tech but once you get some of that work off your plate remember you're the owner you're the person who cares about this more than anyone you can deliver the personal touch you can answer the phone at 11:00 p.m. once you start chipping away at that then it is a fact of life that the quality of the interactions that your guest will have will drop and that's going to end up in lower review scores overall than if you had your hands on absolutely everything and you were managing everything yourself now if you're willing to accept that well then great go for your life but if you are someone who wants to maybe micromanage and have everything sitting absolutely perfectly well then I would say stick to one or two properties okay Point number seven the utas when I say UTA I mean online travel agent Airbnb booking.com Expedia whatever they do not give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] about us hosts they only care about themselves and the guests and they call us partners especially on booking.com but we're not Partners is he gaslighting me in their eyes we work for them so they will not back you they will not side with you against the guest unless you have everything in your policies and your house rules and stuff in writing between you and the guest absolute watertight evidence that you can prove that the guest is not being so nice all the guest needs to do is go complaining Airbnb booking.com and those sites are going to come down on us like a ton of bricks because we've annoyed their guests and why do they do that well it's because they want guests on their platform to have the best experience so they're willing to step on us to keep those guests booking through rbnb or the others now if you're still here and you're enjoying hearing about all the mistakes that I made when I started out why don't you hit that way hit that we subscribe button there is it doing that week flashy glowy thing hit that subscribe button now I only started focusing on this channel a few months ago and I'm so grateful for every view that I get but I'm even more grateful for those who hit the Subscribe button and want to follow me on this crazy Journey okay back to it and now number eight and it's the importance of vetting guests and what does vetting mean when a booking comes in don't just accept it take time to dig in to see who the guest is read their Past reviews look at their guest history on booking.com if they look a little young on their Airbnb profile do a little digging if you're a little bit unsure about them on booking.com cuz you can see their address is 2 miles down the road from your property you need to go a bit deeper here a lot of people when they get started I was included you're so trusting of the people who want to come and stay in your place that you think everyone's just nice and is going to treat my property with respect and in reality it's not I've been hit with parties before where people have wrecked the place it's a nightmare to clean you've annoyed neighbors your cleaners are pissed off I've been hit with prostitutes who travel around the UK maybe the world and use these properties to conduct their business in again on Happy cleaners again on happppy neighbors probably some happy customers but honestly when I got started I didn't expect there to be just so many types of bad guests out there who almost pray on us Airbnb hosts and I actually think they probably pray on new Airbnb hosts because they're naive hotels have security guards and people there on site 24/7 to make sure none of this dodgy stuff's happening and Airbnb is tucked away quiet secluded you can get away with loads of stuff there so that's why they are on those platforms looking for properties like yours and mine to go and do whatever they do in so you've got to be strict and StreetWise and if you want to learn more about the Dark Side of Airbnb hoson click this video number nine and this is one I hear about in my community often people get frustrated at and I've been there as well you cannot please everyone no matter how hard you try to deliver an amazing customer service to make sure the guests have the best day ever you will get bad reviews and back when I started I cared so deeply about each review it was honestly like I attached myself Worth to whether I got a five out of five or a 10 out of 10 so it was like a punch in the stomach whenever people would say everything was great absolutely perfect I love my stay gave was such a great host four out of five it's like you just can't fathom what was the problem you literally said the word perfect four out of five is not perfect but like so many of these things you just have to take it on the chin one bad or in this case average review is not going to ruin your average the best thing you can do is respond to that review and be polite and professional to say thank you why didn't you leave me a five but also to just keep focusing on the next review the next review the next review get those 55s and that's going to bring that average back up and I actually think people get a bit suspicious if they find a property that has literally five stars with 150 reviews or 10 out of 10 with tons of reviews as well like people know no nothing's perfect so the odd average one is not going to be a problem but try not to associate your self worth with your review score of your property okay so number 10 and we're back on the guests and guess what they can be absolute idiots at times I already touched on the phone calls and the messages at all ours you know we talk about having the the welcome pack and the gas book and sending the emails and all the communication you send with gas but guess what they often just don't read it you get phone calls when you're due to checkin saying they're lost they can't find the property they can't find the key safe they don't know how the door opens they don't know how the door locks they don't know how the oven Works they don't know where the Wi-Fi code is all these things that you know that youve sent in an email that is right in front of them in the guas manual but they won't read it can be so frustrating and you always have to when you're setting up a property account for the fact that guests can be just really dumb at times but please remember these guests are often coming from a different culture to you everything to them seems weird your door locks funny your dishwasher loads in a different way your tumble dryer goes on the top instead of the bottom the street signs are different the roads are different all these things are different so please it's important to bear with them try and deliver that customer service and again just smile through it and say no problem let's get you through through this number 11 and I swear this is the last thing I'm going to say about guests but they can be so careless when they're in your property glasses get broken Keys get lost wine gets spelled on things like honestly how often do you do that at home probably not very often well it happens all the time in airbnbs the only way I can explain this is I think they're in an unfamiliar situation they're on their holidays so they're a bit more relaxed a bit little less focused on doing everything right and they just don't care as much much than as if they were in their own house but it can be really frustrating in my opinion it's a cost of do in business you can either start chasing people to try and charge them which I don't think is a good idea or you can just ask people please leave you a five star review at the end of your stay cover the cost yourself be a good host but just be prepared that these things are going to happen to you number 12 and it is one night stays are the devil you should never take one night stay I don't care who you are where you are don't do it it's not only the change over costs that make these stays so so not profitable because think about it seven one night dayss how many changeover costs are you going to have there versus one seven night day with just one change over at the end but it's also the type of guests who are coming now remember those bad guests I was talking about earlier with the parties they are wanting one night's days in your property a stag do a hand do a birthday party it's crazy so it's just not worth it setting a two night or even a three night minimum stay is going to make your property far more profitable and also get you better guests okay 12 down and two to go and and honestly I have no idea how long this video is it could be 8 minutes it could be 80 minutes I'm going to guess 10 minutes 43 I have no idea okay so number 13 it's really important that when you get started you keep your running cost in line now when I got started I was leaving such elaborate and crazy welcome baskets for all the guests that came there was like all sorts of stuff coming out of there and in reality stuff was either opened and like one bit of it was taken and the rest was just bended or it was just going out of date and put in been anyway but I had to keep buying all these things to have them ready to leave and at the same time if you leave too much food you're just encouraging the guest to cook in your place when really even though we offer cooking facilities we would love it if they just went out and just add out for their whole stay but the second thing is running your Airbnb you're going to need huge amounts of cleaning supplies and my favorite toilet [Applause] roll so it's really important that you find a good wholesaler where you're going to be able to get these things at a discount go to your normal local shop because you're going to be paying top whack you need to go to a wholesaler where you're going to be getting economies of scale yes you're going to need somewhere to store all let stuff but it's going to work out far far cheaper and the last thing that I wish I knew when I was starting out is that better doesn't always mean better huh now what do I mean by that well when I started out I provided things like a really fancy coffee machine a really cool TV and S system cuz I thought that was just wow the guests but in actual fact they could never figure out how to use it even though the guest instructions were there even though I was trying to talk them through it on the phone it was just too complicated it frustrated them and it frustrated me as well now there are so many instances when you're setting up your Airbnb that you can either get the best or you can get something simple now I would always say go for Simplicity you want your guest to come in to intuitively know how to use everything to have a great day to not even consider that the thing that you were providing was a little frustrating you want them to go out enjoy their time five star review at the end now the next video you have to watch is this one showing five big mistakes that new Airbnb hosts make if you've enjoyed this video please leave me a comment and don't forget to hit that subscribe button see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @davecordnerairbnbcoach [13 likes]: Get The Airbnb Success Blueprint at https://www.davecordner.com/?video=PtPDhGJf4Ps 🙌🙌
  2. @trippinout. [2 likes]: Airbnb's platform for renters sucks. Always problems and glitches. Horrible platform.
  3. @lukeshan88 [1 likes]: Cool presentation
  4. @leverageyourlife007 [1 likes]: Great video Dave, I was thinking of buying my first property to start this business but you've put me off that idea now & probably saved me thousands & lots of headaches 👍
  5. @Happiness-Propelled-By-GOD: Your video is SO informative… It just shows that learning from experience goes a long way. I will keep these things in mind as I start my short-time rental business. Thank you.
  6. @booboochild4215: 13:40 i am clumsy so I do it a lot at home😅😂
  7. @entj_shogun: I don't understand why people use Air BnBs. Hotels are cheaper and there you have people cleaning your room.
  8. @gerthelperez1350: Look, as an Airbnb Support Ambassador, I don’t play favorites. I’m not team guest or team host—I’m team policy. If you don't follow the TOS, that’s on you, and you’re gonna have to deal with the fallout.
  9. @igortrutanow775: Airbnb sucks. I get scammed and stopped using Airbnb.
  10. @ThomasEsslinger-c9t: Great video, keep up the great work
  11. @Alexxander99: That's not true. You cannot imagine how wrong you are about a lot of things you say... You have no idea.
  12. @propanalytix: https://youtu.be/EYlJKHXK7og?si=IZHKmwggDYBAE-sW
  13. @muhammadnaeem6039: I heard that you need a planning permission if you want to host your property in Cardiff more than 90 nights a year. Is it true? Apartment and house both?
  14. @simpatiabent: looking at setup in the near future
  15. @Behind_D_Stumps: No blackmail or retaliatory review are removed by Airbnb, I had a guest who was pissed of at very minor things and started abusing us we complained on Airbnb with all chats proofs n videos still they were allowed to gave us 1 star, we have 30 guests with 5 star reviews just 1 reviews spoiled our rating Airbnb did nothing. ITS SCARED us, next time some other guest might do something else and we cant complain, hosting rules are unfair at airbnb
  16. @SPS_survivor: “You just have to take it on the chin” - yep, especially the workers of the night, or day … do you rent by the hour? Or ten minutes by any chance? Asking for a friend - **Diclaimer - just having a giggle here for those types that have zero sense of humour. Great content Dave, I’ve been looking into getting involved in this. So much to learn and think about. Great video. In fact it’s perfect - 4 stars 😂✨
  17. @ernestomytv: Can I put cameras in my Apartment??
  18. @johnjoemacpeak: Fantastic advice, 👍🏻 really appreciated as I'm thinking about doing air BnB, best advice is KISS, keep it simple stupid😂
  19. @joelevequoz: Thank you for sharing, acquiring assets is just the starting point. The way you manage your income, spending, and properties will decide whether your wealth grows—or fades over time.
  20. @rashmimishra9351: I am thinking to start one and guess your videos will come handy. Any starter links pls ? Thnx

- 12 Affordable Airbnb Guest Essentials That They'll LOVE (5 stars!): Kind: captions Language: en today we're sharing the 12 essential items we stock every single turnover to ensure fivestar review hi I'm Sarah carakan and I'm Annette Grant and together we are thanks for visiting we've been hosting for well over a decade welcome tens of thousands of guests and earn thousands of five-star reviews our portfolio continues to bring in over 1 and a half million year-over-year and supported not only by the industry's leading Brands but also some of the biggest media outlets and we're here to help you with your furnish rento these items that we're going to go over they seem so simple they're all inexpensive but they are so imperative to a good guest day sometimes they even get overlooked because they are so basic we're not just competing against other short-term rentals you are also competing against hotels even if you have a larger property so we're not going to pretend that there aren't vacation rentals out there that still tell you to bring the sheets that tell you to what else did you have to bring in that one place W well maybe you only get one trash bag and one roll of paper towels and one roll of toilet paper that's the worst so like check in and have to go to the grocery store immediately after checkin because you know you're going to run out before the night's end it's just it's a different era it's a different age of short-term rentals and vacation rentals and if you want to compete with the best of the best we're going to go through the 12 Essentials that we use for every turnover so from garbage bags to dish soap to everything in between let's go to to it let's get it started with what you've already been hearing me talk about this is my number one pet peeve when there is one trash bag in the trash can I I don't know I there nothing infuriates me more so please these are so inexpensive you can leave a whole box you can leave a whole roll like why would you only give your guest one trash bag this is all of these items that we're going to go over too it's helping your the guest take care of your home your asset so please remember that when you're thinking of not supplying all of these it will help the guest Keep Your Home clean so one trash bag no way Jose you got to leave a whole roll or a whole box all right item number two is the kitchen sponge okay so back in the day when I was first starting up my co-hosting business I was doing this one already makes it kitchen sponges I was doing some Consulting and like helping new hosts get started up and I was walking into this one host short-term rental it was turned over ready for guests and the sponge you know how it gets a like dried up and like still has like crumbs and crusties from other from previous Washings and that was presented to the next guest to use to wash their dishes new sponge every time you got to just order it in bulk order written book you could even be like a listen I I I get it like I know that what you're thinking right now is Right secret my secret sponge trick I use at home what about expenses right like what about the cost of supplying all these things we're not arguing doing that but if this is what you're focused on like you could spend your time thinking about maybe how to be able to charge more or increase your occupancy but Annette here will cut her sponges I don't even think in half not for her guest quars that's for me for herself she'll cut them into quarters so I mean you do you but I want you to leave at least one sponge of some sort that is new for each new guest and again going back to even the trash bags this is this is sanitary purposes like you want them to be able to scrub the countertops or scrub the dishes like think about the impact down the line during their stay so fresh sponge every time you got this next going along we're going to stay with that sponge theme number three a full dish soap all right you need to leave not just dish pods okay you need to leave like a Dawn dish soap an actual soap that they can wash dishes if they want to they can wash the sink so a actual thing of dish soap again I think you can get them for like 89 cents sometimes so super inexpensive I actually love leaving a little Pro tip here I like leaving Dawn because Dawn can be used in so many other places in the home or if the guest needs it um I think everyone knows like Don does their commercial with like cleaning the oil off of ducks because it really can be used in there's so many use cases for it so that's what we prefer to leave and there are some things in your kitchen that you don't want them put in the dishwasher so this again going back to a next tip of like equip your guest to take care of not just your property but the things you've invested in your property okay going back over our list over here we got number four are the dishwasher detergent pods sticking with the kitchen here the dishwasher pods absolutely like I know some people will leave like one or two per se again we just leave a we leave a lot for the guests because if you're like me I judge me here I run my dishwasher every day you don't know how many guests are going to be there how much they're going to be cooking they might be cooking three meals that is a differentiator and the reason we're really focusing on the kitchen is that is the differentiator from a hotel it's why a lot of guests are booking your property so you definitely don't want to leave them having to go go to the grocery store to get those Basics I actually stayed at a hotel that left me one dishwasher pod and there wasn't a grocery store incredibly nearby and I was booked from I I had things to do during my stay so I found they left us two so we did the first load of dishes and that was fine but then the second one we were like we like loaded up that dishwasher so full cuz my husband and I were like we don't want to go get the pod that's the problem that's why the trash is going to overflow that's why the sink is going to overflow yeah I will tell you this so we a majority of our rentals are one bedrooms and I will still leave the full thing of dish pods I'll just buy the full thing in Dish pods and leave it in the cupboard and I went over our expenses and it is you guys it's nominal like don't worry about it I promise you all right what's up next T that kitchen still salt pepper olive oil number five yeah number five here you've got to give some Basics here if people are going to be cooking okay this is I actually just stayed in a brand new short-term rental not like maybe three weeks ago and that was one of the like we were shopping and we're like oh do they have salt and pepper do they have olive oil do they and I was like I hope they do I was crossing my fingers um they actually did but fun fact here their their um baking sheets didn't fit in their oven that's just like a because they never cooked there we went to try to put it in and it was like oh those don't fit they were too big but salt pepper olive oil at least a Basics there um to get to get people started and this is one of those things too know your kitchen if you have like a Chef's kitchen and that's what you're promoting you might want to have some more um kitchen amenities there but that's that's for another video is your coffee station and I said station so not just coffee we include obviously a coffee maker and back in the day I would have said that I and we have a whole video on coffee station we have a few coffee videos they're actually really popular so you should go check it out we'll leave a link in the show notes for our coffee station like deep dive it's really good but so back in the day I used to say cure but honestly these days I like making sure that I have at least the old school filter pot kind because guest just like it more and then we include all the fixings I do we include the coffee obviously we include sugars and both sweeteners M artificial Sweeten and those also you can buy packets that have like all four they're already mixed you don't have to buy the individuals you can get a snack pack a variety pack that's what I'm trying to look for of all the of all the sugars creamers we will offer creamers got to have decaf you got to have tea oh yeah and we also like to add hot choc so so number six is coffee station supplies and I'm telling you the amount of we we'll recap this at the end but the amount of reviews that mention how thoughtful are how hospitable we are without even they just see these things and they notice it's really great all right moving on to the next next part of the home let's do it we are going into the bathroom and again one roll of toilet paper is not going to do it help them out help help out your guest so this is a place I would um definitely have have it obviously on the roll and then wherever you know whatever your bathroom is do you have it under the sink maybe you have a shelf maybe you have a TP holder but equip them with enough TP okay don't leave them and alert there and here's a little TF Pro tip with all these quantities decide what is appropriate for your property and then make that your brand standard for example at our properties again we're all one bed one baths pretty much so this would change for my larger properties but we leave one roll out and ready to go and then we leave three under the sink in Easy reach from the commode uh three so and if it guess is staying longer I might opt to leave them an extra one because I can and I like being hospitable right and this go again this depends on your property it depends on the length of the stay it depends on how many guests are going to be there but just let you know like and then that way when my inspectors go in to inspect the property they know to look for one on one that's ready to go and three under the sink and there's no questions about it it's just that's what we do across all those types of properties o these next two we have number eight is hand soap and this is everywhere okay so this is in the bathrooms this is in the kitchen anywhere there is a faucet inside there needs to be hand soap Andor either hopefully a hand towel a paper towels but yes definitely every sink fresh thing of hand soap and don't let it get all the way pumped down to where they're just at the bottom make them feel like it's the they're the first person using that hand soap each and every time okay number nine is paper towels we probably should have had this more in the kitchen section that's okay um you get it so make sure you have we have a roll of paper towels that's out ready to use and we always have one backup that's surprises and delights the heck out of our guests when they open up the cabinet and realize wow we left them an extra 75 cent roll of paper towels and you also want to make sure because I don't know that we have it uh in the next sections like Anette said you want to make sure that you also providing obviously hand towels but paper towels is essential it's good for cleanups too throughout the property if there's a spill they have what they need they don't have to use your nice hand towels to clean up a spill and again this all goes on how many guests you have and how long your stay is yeah okay I love this especially when I'm staying places you want to leave some basic cleaning supplies this is number 10 okay and when and this 10 is actually kind of like a few in here we're kind of cheating but the one thing we love always is a broom in a dust pan uh again I don't know about you but every single day that's part of my process it's probably from when I used to like serve tables and we had a like you know do our side work and so you would always sweep your section um and wipe down the counter so that's exactly what I do I have to to sweep my kitchen every day and I know guests like to do that again equipping them if they were to have a spill or something or break you want that there we also like to leave a multi-surface cleaner and maybe a microfiber but they have those paper towels too so again when I'm doing my nightly side work I can do um I can make sure I can do a basic kitchen or bathroom cleanup there and then also we like to leave a vacuum in every property and this is a TF Pro tip right here we have a vacuum in all of our properties because we do not want our cleaners bringing in a vacuum from said other properties because you don't know where it's been okay so it can bring insects that shall not be mentioned if it's if it's out a property yeah you don't want your cleaner bringing their vacuum from another property so we have every property um we'll put a link in the show notes of our favorite one that you can get on Amazon inexpensive and it is great but having that vacuum too not only for your guest if they need to do some clean up but it's there and ready and prepared for your cleaning Team all right number 11 here's maybe a little bit of a one that might get you by surprise we have a battery and bulb bin at all of our properties and it's within guest reach and it's not to suggest to the guest that we expect them to do the chore of changing a light bulb or a battery we do check these items before they check in as part of our inspection process if you want to our inspection process we have a video all about it we'll blink it in the show notes it's actually it's long because it's literally like inspect with us like over our shoulder inspect with us but people are loving it so check it out be prepared get your popcorn out get your popcorn sit down watch it get your blanky but number 11 is bul and Battery bin and what we do is we just have backup batteries and I go through and make sure do I need N9 volts in this property do I need doublea's do I need AAA like what batteries do I need and then the various bulbs that I might need for various lighting fixtures and that's how that if it goes out during a longer stay they can help themselves and it's helping you not to have to make a trip out to the property and batteries you might be thinking what are the batteries for so it's a multitude of things so it might be for remote controls to your TV maybe you have fireplace uh the ceiling fans it could be um actually two your smoke detectors heaven forbid that those like started to beep while your guests were there you could have maybe your noise machine takes a battery versus being plugged in but there no know what's in your house what batteries you need have those again I know you're probably thinking all these things like do they get stolen no let's just you we wouldn't tell you if they got Stone all the time we wouldn't like set you up for failure yeah and the and the battery and bulb bin is in a nice plastic um container in the kitchen easy to access but labed but they would never most guests it just sits there untouched because they don't ever need to access this but I'm telling you it's great a for your guest B for your cleaning team and most of all for your inspector the person going through your home before the guest if they need to change it they're equipped and ready to go right there all right number 12 if you have washer and dryer equipping your guests with laundry detergent to be able to to do their laundry while they're there so this is something that again I've been places in they leave like one or two pods or just like a small container let them let them have at it let them do their dishes let let them eat cake yeah if you haven't checked out Mel Robin's new new book let them you should read it we'll link that below too but let them do their laundry let them do the dishes let them clean up after themselves I think that's the key here is really thinking about how your guests can have a better stay with equipping them with everything that they need and these are just Essentials we have so many other things that we Supply um our forgot something basket amongst a plethora of other things and we have all of that in other videos but this is the stuff you've got to up level you have to have this prepared for your guests whether you're hosting 1 or 21 yeah and I can tell you just over the years there are things that I I learned from other from experience from from other hosts things I learned from my guest and so we're making this video after 12 years of experience and so I can let you know after hosting potentially tens of thousands of people that they don't steal these items they leave it in the review which then in turn bumps me on the algorithm I don't care what platform I'm on Airbnb vbo Google uh word of M people love staying with us because we take such good care of them we go above and beyond for them and the financial commitment for these items is so nomenal that it's it's more than it more than pays for it I think people get siloed in like expense and versus profit and you don't realize that honestly this stuff is your it's part of your marketing budget it's part of your business imagine going to a hotel or a restaurant you know anything commercial like that and not having these items when you go to reach for them in the in the bathroom or even like in at at the hotel in in the Liv the living space so please just remember that you have to supply these buy them in bulk please buy them in bulk that's a way to really save money uh and if you have any questions about it leave it in the comments or if you have something that you love to leave your guests that surprise and delights them Above This Essentials we always like to hear about those yeah I love I love to continue to learn like what am I not including that I need to but with that I am Sarah car I'm Anette Grant and [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThanksForVisiting [3 likes]: 🔗Grab our free Airbnb Essentials Checklist: https://thanksforvisiting.com/airbnb-essentials-checklist
  2. @rclayspivey3595 [1 likes]: Love your videos. All so true. We boughtc a little house LY pretty much all VRBO rentals. We do all cleaning, repairs, stocking. Best sheets, best towels, plenty of 'products'. It is old (1960) slightly updated with new floors and fridge. Main Comment:  "everything we needed!!" PLUS  1 block to beach, pet friendly. We never see these folks, self check-in. But we make ourselves abundantly available.  HOUSE RULES: This is your house for the next  ___days. Treat with respect, leave neat, towels in the bin. Trash in outdoor can, we got the rest. Enjoy!
  3. @mahg3630 [1 likes]: While we were preparing our Airbnb, I was shopping for some essentials just for me and my family while we stayed there, and while I was looking at the sponges there was a guy also looking for a sponge but he wanted the cheapest option. I helped him find it and he said “what kind of Airbnb doesn’t have a sponge? I don’t really feel like driving to Walmart for a sponge while I’m on vacation”  I was like, wow you’re right, that actually totally sucks haha. I never forgot that!!
  4. @critterspotter [1 likes]: I have been hosting for 8 months now and enjoying the experience of meeting new guests. I like to leave local products such as papaya and ginger jam, tanna coffee for a plunger and other local condiments including our local bread. Guest love that we give them those little extras.
  5. @BudgetBnB: These are such helpful tips! ❤
  6. @mcldclaudia1: I liked the info but i was really anoyed by the blond lady was talking to much keept interupting the other lady  she was all over the place
  7. @candyrosepetals: PSA: Dishwasher and laundry pods are extremely alkaline in pH. I’m disturbed to hear how many people use them for Airbnb‘s. They’ve blinded many people due to the pods sticking together. Apparently when people try to unstick them, they can shoot the liquid into one’s eye or skin, resulting in third-degree burns and loss of vision. Y’all, please just use powder liquid!!! it’s absolutely NOT worth the risk! And I cannot see insurance covering a claim against that. Because it was a risk that could easily be foreseen.
  8. @kellygood1165: Wanna save your sheets? Leave a box of tampons under every bathroom sink!
  9. @michellecousins733: I would love to provide all these items, but if you leave a roll of garbage bags and alot of other things the guests will take them. I just leave the amount that should last for atleast two days. So i usually leave two rolls of tp per bathroom not 4 or 6 rolls.
  10. @jenwarnerhomes: The link to the Essentials checklist isn't being delivered to my email nor are links from some of your other videos....Is there another way I can receive some of these offered items?
  11. @lauraashleyfrancis: What is your total cost for all the items/guest consumables you leave for your guest from the Dishwasher Pods to Garbage Bag Rolls, Salt, Pepper, Olive Oil, Coffee, Sugar, Creamers, Tea, Shampoo, Conditioner and the incase you forget basket?
  12. @CandieBeiler: Guest will take a roll of trash bags.... Maybe leave 3
  13. @KeilaRivera-bw3nm: all these supplies should be at the owners expense if you are the co-host and the owners are the host, right? all makes lots of sense, love it
  14. @socialmediabymel: I actually have mustard, mayo, & ketchup in the fridge.  I had one guest completely clean out the fridge including my condiments. Ugh!! Had to go rebuy them.
  15. @SV-nk2we: I am so glad that you mentioned the vacuum. My unit is pet free and therefore I have my cleaners use the vacuum that I provide in the rental. For the same reasons that you mention. Great video!
  16. @Natash.777: The last Airbnb I stayed which was luxury had robes, $500 a night, did not have any drinks at all or cream for coffee. I’ve never stayed anywhere that had cream packets. I’m not sure it’s expected. I was considering it though. I offer an abundance of k cups and drink coffee too, decaf, lots of teas, sugar and honey. Maybe switch out honey for cream could make sense.
  17. @micheallemitchener9840: Great info, thanks ladies!  I’ll be following you! 😁
  18. @John-i8e3b: I did not see the vacuum that you mentioned in the video.
Thanks!
  19. @user-c1k1r: Which is better to leave for guests: laundry pods vs liquid detergent?
  20. @Andyb7171: why most of your rentals are 1 bedroom and not 2?

- ️🔥  Taking a Vacation?➔ Here's The **Ultimate Pre-Trip Checklist for Your Home**: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all right it is vacation time if you are going out of town for an extended period of time hopefully this video can help you out this is what i like to do before i leave the house for a week or so maybe more maybe less right to save money on bills and whatnot and also to avoid catastrophe so let's get started one of the first things i do or consider doing is turning off the water the valves underneath all of my bathroom sinks the faucets in case there's a leak or something i turn those clockwise and it should turn off that water you could also consider turning off the main in your house also ceiling fans turn them off unless i'm on the second floor i like to keep them running on low just to create more circulation uh keeps the upstairs a little cooler and of course that toilet you have the option you know that drip drip that you might be fearful of turn the toilet water off you saw the valve back there i like to make sure my dryer is closed because the door when you open it there might be a light in there wasting electricity right i also like to keep this part open just for air circulation on the washing machine if you close it you might have a mildewy funky smell when you get back so i just keep that open i also unplug all hairdryers things like that i have security lights well they're they're dusk and dawn lights they automatically turn on when that nozzle when that switch is up they automatically turn on at night and then in the morning they off so you don't have porch lights and garage lights on all day during the day right uh deadbolts obviously locked and i also closed the curtains maybe a good idea maybe not i don't know depends on how many people might be walking by right just in case there are people who are curious if you're out of town or not we've got automatic light timers for these lamps so it kind of appear gives the appearance that somebody is home they turn on automatically basically whenever you tell it to right there's these manual little ones with these little knobs that you can push in and push out and it basically turns on the lamp i don't know at like eight o'clock at night whenever you tell it to and you can set it however you want there's also digital ones that are a little more expensive but a little more precise in terms of what time things turn on and off you can search my channel for how to operate one of these if you're interested highly recommend getting a couple it's just nice to have peace of mind and here's that digital one basically turn on your lamp keep it on unplug it put it into the little automatic timer there and then plug in the automatic timer and you'll set it before you walk away pretty easy to do and i think pretty important i'll put links down in the description below for the ones that i like as always you can check that out and this is basically the idea right it's on and then suddenly it turns off all right back to it i like to use my programmable thermostat for my ac or heater and i hold it press that hold button to keep it at a constant temperature throughout if you have a smart thermostat for example you can certainly do that on your phone turning off lights that's an easy one don't forget that pesky mudroom or entry room light that's one the one that you might be walking out of security cameras on if you've got them may be a good idea coffee pot unplugged and if you've got a musty basement turn on that dehumidifier it's got automatic settings and while we're in the basement if you've got a sub pump make sure the battery the backup battery is turned on it's plugged the main one is plugged in and a little shameless plug here i cut a hole in the top of my sub pump lid and put a piece of plastic clear plastic and then sealed it up so no radon and whatnot comes out but that allows me to look down inside to check the level and the operating status of the pump which is kind of a nice do-it-yourself thing now some of these next ones are for when you come back yeah i like to run the dishwasher and do all dishes so i'm not coming home to a filthy dirty kitchen also set that robo vacuum so it can do its job and i like to basically clean up all this junk and stuff because there's nothing worse than coming home with your bags after a trip and having to walk into a dirty dirty house right and we'll stop the video there those are the things that i do before i leave home have a great trip if you are indeed heading out on vacation and don't forget to click that like button and subscribe to the channel for more cool ideas do it yourself projects things like that thanks

- 15 Things You NEED to Clean Before Guests Arrive! (Most People Miss These): Kind: captions Language: en hi guys my name is Stephanie and today I've got&nbsp; 15 things that you need to clean before guests&nbsp;&nbsp; arrive so some of these are for when you have&nbsp; guests overnight but they could also apply to&nbsp;&nbsp; family parties or any parties that you're hosting&nbsp; at your house let's get to it number one is your&nbsp;&nbsp; silverware drawer your guests are definitely going&nbsp; to be getting silverware out sometime during their&nbsp;&nbsp; stay with you and somehow crumbs always build&nbsp; up in my silverware drawers so I empty it all&nbsp;&nbsp; the way out I clean it out really well with a&nbsp; multi-surface cleaner reorganize it and make it&nbsp;&nbsp; look nice and clean so that when whenever anybody&nbsp; has to get into that drawer they don't feel like&nbsp;&nbsp; they're eating from Dirty silverware number two&nbsp; is to clean the hidden parts of your appliances&nbsp;&nbsp; so most people remember to clean the outside of&nbsp; their oven their outside of their microwave but&nbsp;&nbsp; you also got to clean the inside of that oven the&nbsp; inside of your microwave the edges the sides of&nbsp;&nbsp; your dishwasher where little drips and stuff&nbsp; build up inside of your dishwasher the hidden&nbsp;&nbsp; parts of your dishwasher clean off that stove&nbsp; top really well get all of those hidden parts&nbsp;&nbsp; parts of your appliances clean so that when your&nbsp; guests are eating in your kitchen they don't feel&nbsp;&nbsp; like they're eating in a gross grungy Kitchen&nbsp; number three is to clean out your refrigerator&nbsp;&nbsp; so I unload my refrigerator before I have guests&nbsp; arrive I clean it out completely put everything&nbsp;&nbsp; in the dishwasher clean everything on the inside&nbsp; with warm Sophie water and then I check everything&nbsp;&nbsp; for expiration date so I just use it as an excuse&nbsp; to really give my refrigerator a nice deep clean&nbsp;&nbsp; and then once I'm done with all of that I make&nbsp; a list of everything I want to restock before my&nbsp;&nbsp; guest arrive so if I'm having people stay for&nbsp; a week I want to make sure they have at least&nbsp;&nbsp; most of what they would need in that week okay&nbsp; let's move outside for number four number four&nbsp;&nbsp; is to be cleaning off your porches and patios&nbsp; really well before your guests arrive get rid&nbsp;&nbsp; of all of the little bug debris and cobwebs and&nbsp; everything that build up outside of your entryway&nbsp;&nbsp; give your door knobs a really good clean you want&nbsp; your door to look really nice and clean when your&nbsp;&nbsp; guests arrive again you don't want them feeling&nbsp; like they're entering a gross dirty house you want&nbsp;&nbsp; it to look nice and clean number five might be&nbsp; a little over the top for some people but I also&nbsp;&nbsp; use this as a chance to clean up my flower beds&nbsp; and get them looking really nice again so I weed&nbsp;&nbsp; them completely I mulch if I need to I trim all of&nbsp; the bushes and get everything looking really great&nbsp;&nbsp; before I have house guests arrive it just I like&nbsp; to use guest arriving as an excuse to get my house&nbsp;&nbsp; looking the way I like to keep it all right back&nbsp; inside for number six and that is I also clean off&nbsp;&nbsp; my kitchen cabinets so I have a multi-surface&nbsp; cleaner that is safe for cabinets that I use&nbsp;&nbsp; I clean off the exterior of all of my cabinets&nbsp; get them looking nice and clean get rid of all&nbsp;&nbsp; the smudges that having little boys in the house&nbsp; leaves on the cabinets I clean the countertops&nbsp;&nbsp; really well and then I also clean out my pantry&nbsp; and restock everything there too so I've got&nbsp;&nbsp; everything restocked in the fridge I also restock&nbsp; things like cereal I stock up on the coffees the&nbsp;&nbsp; teas fill the drawer with basically anything&nbsp; my guest might like to have in the mornings&nbsp;&nbsp; because usually during the day they're out and&nbsp; they're busy but mornings breakfast time usually&nbsp;&nbsp; happens at my house all right on to number seven&nbsp; and that is getting the guest bathroom really&nbsp;&nbsp; clean of course you probably already know to get&nbsp; the guest bathroom clean but also here I like to&nbsp;&nbsp; restock on the toilet paper tissues shampoo body&nbsp; washes conditioner anything and everything that I&nbsp;&nbsp; think they might need while they're at my house&nbsp; Q-tips cotton balls I try to stock that up in&nbsp;&nbsp; the guest bathroom so they don't have to worry&nbsp; about anything number eight is a Must do but&nbsp;&nbsp; also a pretty quick and easy fix I grab my Swiffer&nbsp; Duster I dust all of the lights in the ceilings I&nbsp;&nbsp; move around all of the ceilings in the corners and&nbsp; make sure that there's no cobweb or anything Dusty&nbsp;&nbsp; looking up there number nine is ceiling fans so&nbsp; living in the South the ceiling fans in our house&nbsp;&nbsp; generally are on your round just to keep the air&nbsp; circulating and to help reduce the energy bill and&nbsp;&nbsp; sometimes I'll forget for 3 or 4 months to clean&nbsp; my ceiling fan and when you turn those off you see&nbsp;&nbsp; that your blades are covered in just sort of dust&nbsp; and nastiness so you don't want your guest coming&nbsp;&nbsp; to your house and finding that the fan that&nbsp; they've been sleeping under is really gross&nbsp;&nbsp; and Dusty so make sure you clean those before&nbsp; your guests arrive all right on to number 10&nbsp;&nbsp; and that is another job that I generally forget to&nbsp; do for weekly cleaning but it needs to be done at&nbsp;&nbsp; least every couple of months and that's cleaning&nbsp; off and dusting down any bookshelves where your&nbsp;&nbsp; guests are going to be using them any rooms your&nbsp; guests are going to be in clean those bookshelves&nbsp;&nbsp; really well so they're not all gross and Dusty too&nbsp; all right on to number 11 and that is I like to&nbsp;&nbsp; rewash the towels in the bedding in the guest room&nbsp; before guests arrive so typically we have guests&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe once every 9 months once every year so even&nbsp; though those things are clean when I put them away&nbsp;&nbsp; way after that long of sitting on the shelves or&nbsp; sitting on the bed they're Gathering dust they're&nbsp;&nbsp; getting kind of Dusty smelling so I like to rewash&nbsp; all of the towels embedding before my guests&nbsp;&nbsp; arrive so everything smells and looks really&nbsp; fresh and clean and of course it helps to get them&nbsp;&nbsp; folded before your cat has a chance to do this&nbsp; number 12 is kind of a small job but I do like to&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure that all of the light bulbs still work&nbsp; in the rooms that my guests are going to be in so&nbsp;&nbsp; the guest bedrooms especially the guest bathroom&nbsp; check those light bulbs make sure they're still&nbsp;&nbsp; working number 13 is to grab that multi-surface&nbsp; cleaner again and dust out the inside of the&nbsp;&nbsp; drawers that your guests are going to be using in&nbsp; the guest bedroom so clean out the inside of the&nbsp;&nbsp; drawers clean out the shelves and the closets get&nbsp; everything nice and ready for your guest to put&nbsp;&nbsp; their stuff into those places all right nearly&nbsp; done we're on to number 14 and that is of course&nbsp;&nbsp; vacuuming everywhere before your guest arrive so&nbsp; you want to get rid of all the dust upstairs I use&nbsp;&nbsp; my old-fashioned vacuum downstairs thankfully I&nbsp; have a little Roomba I call it my robot Butler I&nbsp;&nbsp; love this thing I could be doing any anything&nbsp; else in the house while it's vacuuming I love&nbsp;&nbsp; these things and last but not least is number 15&nbsp; and that is to wipe down your light switches and&nbsp;&nbsp; all of the door knobs in your house with a good&nbsp; multi-surface cleaner that's going to get rid of&nbsp;&nbsp; most of the bacteria and viruses and just the dirt&nbsp; and grunge that's left behind when little kids are&nbsp;&nbsp; using your light switches and they somehow leave&nbsp; little chocolate fingerprints everywhere I don't&nbsp;&nbsp; know how they do it but that seems to happen&nbsp; in my house a lot and of course getting rid&nbsp;&nbsp; of those germs on the door knobs in near bathrooms&nbsp; is super important because we don't want everybody&nbsp;&nbsp; to get sick while they're staying at your house&nbsp; okay that's it for 15 things that you need to&nbsp;&nbsp; clean before guests arrive if you have extras&nbsp; that you want to add put them in the comments&nbsp;&nbsp; below I'd love to hear from you guys and if you&nbsp; want even more tips check the description below&nbsp;&nbsp; I'll put a link to my blog post with 30 things to&nbsp; clean before guests arrive all right thanks guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @anniesilver9201 [21 likes]: Lord I’m glad no one likes me. 😆
  2. @cathydavis9259 [6 likes]: 1. Really bad spots are light switches and doorknobs especially by the front, garage or side doors.  I notice the dirt and grim when I'm late and rushing out, bringing in groceries at 5 pm and dinner isn't started yet or running inside grabbing a platter from the kitchen before the steaks are overdone.  I think to myself "what a dirty mess, I need to clean that today"  Then another month or three goes by and I again and it's still not done.  On that very rare occasion that I notice they need cleaned and I'm not in a big hurry or company is coming over Mr. Clean sponge works wonders. 
 
2 Something I always try to keep up with is the bathroom odor.  Especially if you have teenage boys.  I get those little car vent clips and clip them to the floor vents.  They're small enough to not stand out and work wonders.  I Change them about every 2 weeks.  Costco sells a big board for not very much.


PS  How do you keep your flower bed looking so nice and weed free?  Do you have a video for that?  This is my first time watching you. 🤩
  3. @betsybattles2696 [6 likes]: dusting under the beds!  Gotta put those suitcases somewhere.
  4. @Mommio_Andretti [3 likes]: Always always always make sure to clean behind and under the toilets. Not sure why or how but men never think to do this and that’s always the first place my Mother notices if it isn’t done! 😂
  5. @johnsizemore1666 [3 likes]: No wonder your guest want to stay a week..When can I stay..lol. Silverware drawer was good. TY
  6. @the4thwall528 [2 likes]: Can I stay at your house?😂
  7. @jeanlanz2344 [2 likes]: Wow. You're a very caring hostess!
  8. @liannewisdom5805 [2 likes]: Great video! I try to vacuum the dust off of the lamp shades and wipe the light bulbs.
  9. @ms.creepylee [1 likes]: Digging that snack breakfast drawer!! 😍 I would be impressed!
  10. @AbbottsAtHome: See More Cleaning Tips & Videos here: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL63TJ6Vqtnfwsx68tqzDNPgbslRDU1DYa
See 30 Things To Clean Before Guests Arrive on my blog: https://www.abbottsathome.com/deep-clean-before-guests-arrive/
  11. @diamonddetails9445: ❤❤❤❤😮

- My Best Tips for Hosting Overnight Guests (After Hosting 100 Stays!): Kind: captions Language: en if you are hosting overnight guests and want to make them feel super comfortable I think you're going to love today's video [Music] hey there it's Christina from thediymommy.com after over one year of Hosting at our vacation rental the little lake house and hosting almost 100 families I have come to learn all of those little touches that make overnight guests feel special so whether you're hosting overnight guests for the holidays coming up or really any time of year I hope that these tips and tricks will help you as you prepare for your guests I'm pretty sure your guest is just happy to be at your home and you hosting an overnight guest it's such a wonderful and warm way to show somebody you care so don't feel pressured to do these things but in my experience these extra little touches that don't have to cost a lot of money are going to help create an even more amazing experience for your overnight guest let's get started the very first and most important thing that I found that people have commented on over and over and over again is the cleanliness of our home now I'm not a naturally clean person so this is definitely a challenge for me to clean our home for our own guests and also to make sure that our Lake House Rental is spotless I do have a cleaner that goes over there and cleans she is amazing and I could not be hosting so many guests without her so if you don't have time for anything else just make sure that you go and give your home a nice good clean one of my favorite tips for making sure that sheets are nice and bright and white is I just need a little bit of white revive OxiClean in my laundry and that makes my sheets and my towels for guests nice and bright white and they also smell great the second thing that I find are overnight guests comment on is creating a little coffee station so whether you do this in your guest bedroom or somewhere else in your house creating a coffee station with whatever their favorite drink is whether it's coffee whether it's tea having some coffee pods ready and easy to use machine that's something that guests seem to really enjoy and it's just something small that you can do you can add a Keurig machine even a kettle with some water your favorite coffee syrups maybe even some to-go cups and our guests seem to really enjoy that little touch another thing you can add to your guest bedroom for your guest is just a small little welcome gift basket now this does not have to be anything expensive or over the top you can get all of the items at the dollar store if you want the things that I like to include in our guest gift basket are things like a few granola bars some popcorn I also like to put a drink in there and I always try to make sure I know whether my guest likes to drink wine or maybe some craft beer or whether they prefer sparkling water or sparkling juice and put something like that in there just to show them that I want to give them something that they would actually enjoy you can also even put some toiletries in that basket as well if you want some little shampoos soaps Etc you can buy the basket and pretty much all the contents from the dollar store so that you don't have to spend a ton of cash another thing that our overnight guests comment on over and over again is comfortable bedding now I am a huge stickler for using only natural bedding so I tend to use a cotton 100 cotton sheets 100 cotton duvet cover or a cotton linen blend for our little Lake House Rental we use a cotton duvet and sheet set from Ikea so again inexpensive but it still feels really nice and I find that the cotton is so breathable so you don't get that you know gross kind of sweaty sleepy feeling and that's something that you can ensure that you have ready to go and clean for your guest I'll link some of my favorite sheet sets down in that description box below a bonus hack for clean bedding always go over all of your sheets duvet covers and pillow covers with a lint roller after you make your guest bed you'll be surprised as to how much lint and hair you're going to pick up even after your sheets have been cleaned I like to do this before we have guests and it makes our sheets and bedding look so pristine expensive mattresses at Ikea I tend to like the foam and spring hybrid I also found a really nice bed in a box type mattress on Amazon we put that in our tiny Lake House Rental and that one's pretty comfy as well and relatively affordable of course if you have a mattress that's a little bit older maybe a little more uncomfortable don't support on a whole new mattress you can buy a nice fluffy mattress topper from Amazon place it on top of your current mattress and that's going to make it feel a lot more comfortable for your guest I have a favorite one I will link that down below another thing that our guests seem to love is nice fluffy white towel so you can place those on your guest bed or just make sure that your bathroom is nice and stocked with towels fold them nicely I like my little thirds method of folding towels that my mom taught me that her mom taught her if you want to keep your towels nice and white and fluffy wash them again with that OxiClean every once in a while makes them nice and white and you can even put a little bit of vinegar in your clothes washer if you want to remove kind of old buildup and soaps in the towel I wouldn't recommend doing this a lot because it can be a little hard on your washing machine just every once in a while when you want to fluffen up those towels I also like to shake my towels after I wash them before I put them in the dryer and that seems to keep them nice and fluffy for our guests as well another thing that sometimes we forget but is just one of those small inexpensive touches that makes a difference for guests that is Kleenex boxes make sure you have some kleenex Boxes by the bed in your guest bedroom for your guests you can even buy pretty little Kleenex box covers at places like Simon's to make those boxes blend into your Decor another thing that you could consider having on hand for your overnight guests is an air purifier a lot of our guests seem to like having air purifier in the bedroom and in the living room I found this one at Ikea looks like a table but it's actually an air purifier so it helps clean the air between guests and it kind of helps the guests feel more comfortable in the space speaking of electronics another electronic device that people love in our little Lake House Guest House is a phone charger and this one is a contactless phone charger you can just grab them from Amazon very inexpensive and no matter what kind of phone Our Guest has they can place it on top of this charger it's just on the nightstand by the guest bed and charge their phone I find that people tend to forget phone chargers so having this in our guest bedroom is just kind of a nice little extra that can help our guests out also another thing don't forget to leave the Wi-Fi password for your guests so they don't feel like they have to ask sometimes that can be a little bit awkward so even in that guest basket that you put together for your guests just pop a little note in there welcoming your guest and leaving them the Wi-Fi password or you could even make some art for the wall that has the Wi-Fi password right on there for your guests to use and enjoy another thing that our guests love and I think your guests will love this too is putting some bathrobes in either the guest bath or the bedroom for your guests to use and enjoy you can find inexpensive ones at Ikea at Amazon I'll link the ones that I have down in that description box below so make sure they're clean and nice and fluffy and white and guests seem to really love these same with slippers you can also find inexpensive slippers pop them in the pockets of the guest robes and your guests can use those as well I especially find those helpful in the winter time when maybe your floors are a little bit chilly and your guests can have Cozier feet as they enjoy your home so those were the top things that our guests comment on after they stay in our little lake house I hope they helped you think of things that you could add to your home as you have overnight guests this season if you have any other ideas on how to make your guests feel comfy feel welcome let us know down in those comments below I could always use all of the tips and tricks that I can get on trying to be a better host thank you so much for watching today's video I hope you found it helpful if you want some more DIY and decor ideas on a budget I'm going to leave some more videos for you to watch next right up here foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @atjennysplace [9 likes]: Awesome suggestions. We seldom have overnight guests but when we do. I usually like to add a few snacks to the guest basket.  There is nothing worse than feeling peckish, and you don't feel like you can go rummaging through the host's fridge 🙄 Thanks for all the great tips 👍🏼
  2. @cozydiyhome [7 likes]: After a whirlwind year of being hosts to almost 100 families at our charming Little Lake House, I've gotten to know the ins-and-outs of creating that special moment while hosting overnight guests. So whether you're preparing to entertain visitors in your home during upcoming holidays or any time of year, my tried-and-true tips are surefire ways to charm them when they arrive! Read the blog post here: https://thediymommy.com/my-best-tips-for-hosting-overnight-guests-after-hosting-100-stays/
  3. @marymatthews8912 [7 likes]: I love your lake houses. I would love to take a trip to Canada to stay in one.. future goals. One thing that my family likes to do is grill. I don't know if there is an area where your guests could use a grill (weather permitting) at your lake houses. A small hibachi grill would give them options for meals.
  4. @sailorMahrZ [5 likes]: i love the phone charger tip! so thoughtful 🤍 tfs!
  5. @SalomiSmit [4 likes]: Thank you for tips..... I also place a card with wifi code together with welcome chocolate
  6. @boatwidow2002 [2 likes]: Lovely tips! On the vinegar in the washer, the sheer amount of vinegar compared to the amount of water is not going to damage your machine or the seals.
  7. @buildergradetocustommade [2 likes]: I wish you had included links for US Amazon. I think your leaving money on the table not too. 🤷
  8. @toddhobza [1 likes]: Anyone else get 1% vibes. Thats alot of luxury that most people don't even have for themselves
  9. @mohamedfaisal8861 [1 likes]: Hi sister I like your video pls explain how u create the head board wall. Is it dark blue tile with black epoxy or painted wall?
  10. @ellenwang6744 [1 likes]: Thanks for these great tips! I like how genuine you appear in the videos and how you freely offer advice.:learning:
  11. @meercatt [1 likes]: Kleenex’s! Hallelujah never realized how hard those were to find until Airbnb. 😂❤
  12. @glendavis1266: No don’t like guests as my spouse goes nuts in cleaning, too much.  Bang bang boom boom running around with the cacophony of noise getting ready so not one spot of dust exists therefore too intense. Too intense of the effort! I am sure the guests do not have pure white gloves and walk around ruining their fingers over everything to determine is one small grain of dusts or earth exists. So too much concern of guests finding any grain of dust. Too much! Repeat too much! 
If I even see a guest looking too hard they are now on the street or I’m putting them on cleaning the already spotless germless bathroom. Too much stress effort to make sure guests get the wrong idea that everything is germ laden. Spray everything with Lysol. Or Clorox based disinfectant.
  13. @carlamartinez4728: A long-time friend is staying with me soon for 9 days. I love being a hostess and I want it to be comfortable for her, despite my tiny tiny guest room. I seldom get to host so your tips are appreciated 👏
  14. @StaceyLam-b3y: I like the black iron bed ‘ where did you buy? Thanks
  15. @irishronin6156: If your friend invites you to stay at their parents lakehouse.. what is the etiquette for guests? Are you supposed to do cleaning and vacuuming as a guest?
  16. @jcarolinajcos: 😍🙏😍
  17. @mojonewslk: Great tips! I also like to add a few current magazines and maybe a few books for guests.
  18. @lindasmith5190: So nice.
  19. @TracyHRodriguez: Love these.
  20. @TracyHRodriguez: ❤️

- How To Prepare Your Home Before Going on Vacation: Kind: captions Language: en so I recently bought a house well it's already been a couple of years but there's a lot of things I learned that I need to do before I go on vacation so I thought I would do a video on a list of things you need to prepare and check off your list before you leave your home and go on vacation number one and I didn't know this until my handyman told me about it is to turn off the water supply so if you're gone for more than like two days my handyman said that you should definitely turn off your water supply just in case you know there's a problem with the water and there's water overflowing everywhere and you need to stop it so if you turn off the water supply you won't have to worry about any of that my water supply is actually located in front of my house in the yard and you know you have to lift up this really heavy uh metal plate to get to your water supply and then use this um thing that I don't have to figure out what that's called okay I didn't know what this thing was called but it's called a solid steel water meter valve key yeah so you use this stick to turn because you can't turn it any other way because it's really uh solid so you have to turn it to the left note to the right to turn it off because right is righty tighty left is left to Loosey another thing I learned from my handyman thank you rob um so that's how you know it's off you can also you know make sure that it's off by going into your home making sure turning on the water and seeing if it's all off and if you still need to use the water a little bit like to wash your hands you still have enough water um for that to wash your hands before it's completely shut off so this is to avoid you know any mishaps if you have like a water leak or something you won't have to worry about that while you're on vacation another thing you should do is just to let your neighbors know that you're going to be away for a bit if I'm away for more than like a week I will let my neighbors know that I will be away just so they can keep an eye on everything make sure there's no suspicion suspicious things going on around your house or you know if a package accidentally gets mailed to your house or if you're expecting something you can let them know like hey can you pick it up which has happened to me a couple times already my awesome neighbor he lives in front of me but he keeps a great eye on my house and whenever he sees anybody just lurking around he always checks up on them to see what they're doing he's picked up a couple of packages for me that arrive too early before I got home so yeah it's great to let your neighbors know and also when the first time when I first moved into my house I left for a long time I left for about a month or so when I went on my road trip to California and stayed with candy for a bit so I was gone for a month a little over a month maybe so my neighbors were kind of worried about me and wondering where I went because I just moved so I wasn't really close with any of my neighbors yet I met them and they were nice but I didn't think I needed to tell them anything or I didn't want to bother them but um when I came back they were like oh my gosh we were worried about you were wondering what happened so I was like okay yeah from now on I'll tell you guys when I'm gone for a while so that's another reason just to let them know you know that hey you're okay I also like to hold my mail if I'm gone for more than a week just so your mailbox doesn't get full and you can get everything you know right when you get back so it's super simple all you have to do is go to usps.com and they have a whole mail you know button that you click and you put in all your information how long you're going to be gone for and you can either choose to have it all delivered at once when you come back by the mailman or you can pick it up at the post office but it also depends on where you live too so and they'll let you know if that service is available or not to and also I like to adjust the temperature or turn it up before I leave so I like to leave it at about 80 degrees I live in Florida so it's always hot here so if you leave it at 80 then it's not using your AC too much you don't want to completely turn it off because your house will just get gross but just to get you know a little bit of air I think 80 is always like a good temperature to leave it at I'm not sure what you do when you live in a cold area but um you know just adjust accordingly so you're not wasting energy while you're away another thing to do is to unplug as many plugs from the outlets as you can I try to you know unplug all this stuff like my all my computer stuff I'll unplug all that just anything I could think of except for my Wi-Fi router I leave that plugged in but everything else I tried to unplug just to again save energy and to avoid any mishaps with um you know electrical fire or something even if your Appliance isn't turned on it's the plug still uses energy so to you know reduce um your energy costs just unplug as much as you can before you leave my handyman also advised me that I should turn off my water heater as well so I do that the brake box to my water heater is actually in the back of my house so all I do is just flip that off and when I come back I just put it back on and then turn the water back on before I leave I also turn on my porch light I actually have my porch light on at all times just because I always forget to turn it on at night having it on will just give you know the sense that someone is home you can also get one of those things where you can time your lights so to give a sense that your home the timer will turn on the lights at random times to you know give a sense like oh somebody's home because they turn on the light right now it's not off like it's been for like a week so I don't have the timer lights um like I said my neighbor keeps a really good eye on my house so I don't really feel like I have any safety issues or I'm going to have any thieves come here I also have cameras all around my house too so that's another thing so I have like lots of ring cameras around my house and I also have the Vivint system so lots of security and cameras plus my neighbors watching so I don't really feel like I need to have like these timed lights but I think it's a good option to have if that'll give you more security and a peace of mind oh and trash so a few days before I leave or maybe like even a you know five days before I leave I make sure to have trash and a separate bin so that I don't accumulate too much trash and it doesn't stink while I'm away because my trash days are Monday and Thursday so if you know I leave on a Wednesday or Thursday I won't have anywhere to throw my trash so what I usually do is try to keep my trash at a minimum and keep any food scraps and you know things that can stink in a plastic bag and then just put that in the freezer and then when I come back I just throw that away or you can find like a trash can nearby but yeah usually I just you know I don't have that much trash so putting it in the freezer works fine for me and if you have plants uh and you need to water them while you're away I recommend these plant watering steaks I've used them several times while I was on vacation even I've been away for like three weeks and use these watering steaks and my plants were all fine they were all alive and well and it was all thanks to these plant watering steaks so if you want to learn more about that I did make a video about that so I'm going to put a link somewhere and this here here or down below and they work wonders I'm very impressed by them every time I come back and see my plants alive and healthy I'm like thank you plant watering steaks so those are my tips on how to prepare your home before you leave on vacation I hope this list helped you out if it did please give it a thumbs up and if you want to watch more of our videos please subscribe to our Channel thanks for watching bye [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @maxineoliver7404 [4 likes]: Thanks for the great info. on prepping before taking a vacay., and also the lifesaving plant watering stakes tips!🌱🌱 Take care!🤗🌺🚗
  2. @alexricky87 [3 likes]: Definitely don't want the Wet Bandits to hit your house.
  3. @Lisa-kz7vw [3 likes]: Great topic I always worry about my home being single and leaving for vacation especially vacations longer than a week my mail, burglary you gotta trust the neighbors also and hopefully their not telling friends and family you're gone.
  4. @Sebridess [2 likes]: Love this!
  5. @veganwolf3268 [1 likes]: Great ideas!
  6. @jmendoza3270 [1 likes]: Great tips!!! Thanks for sharing
  7. @hagbard8083: My tap is in my basement for water coming from the city (the thing you described) and for going into the house there's a tap.  I'd turn both off.
  8. @gordonbarber9652: If your electric goes out while you are out long enough for your freezer to thaw the contents and then to freeze again, it could be a bad with the food spoiling and you don't know it, to help with knowing all is good, fill a glass of water half way, freeze it, then put a penny on top the ice and put some water on top of that put it in the freezer and go on vacation, if the penny sinks to the bottom you know your freezer thawed and refroze again, you have possibly have spoiled food, on the other hand if it the same when you put it in you are good to go
  9. @misscychilds: Great tips! I would love to see home decor/tip videos from you ladies. Great fashion and designs❤
  10. @pkallday: Wow - these are really great tips! I especially love the plant watering things. I like to talk to my plants... is there a way to zoom in and whisper nice things to them from across the country?
  11. @AKCEuph: Those plant watering things are awesome! Had no clue they were a thing. TYTY!

- 12 (QUICK and Effective) Home Reset and Cleaning Routine and tips after vacation (2023): Kind: captions Language: en I would like to share two relatable examples from our daily lives first there are instances when illness strikes or we get sick and Miss following our cleaning routine [Music] second imagine returning from a vacation to find your home in a messy and disorganized state Namaste welcome to home hashtag life during our summer vacation this year we had the pleasure of visiting my friend's beautiful home in Bengaluru many of you may already be familiar with her through her popular YouTube channel simplify your space where she goes by the name ashokatta our time together was truly wonderful filled with Unforgettable memories including an exciting road trip to mysuru going to vacation is so exciting for us and he overwhelming the day we returned but to avoid feeling exhausted I have some easy to follow home management strategies as soon as I come back that focuses on prioritizing urgent tasks while maintaining flexibility for non-essential chose in today's video I will be presenting 10 such quick and effective cleaning tips that can help you restore your home I hope you find this video helpful so let's get started now let's prioritize the essential tasks concentrate on the areas that require immediate attention such as your plants before leaving we may have over watered them to ensure they can sustain themselves for at least four to five days after returning from our trip watering them is our top priority in addition to watering I like to give them a gentle bath to remove any dust particles that may have accumulated on the leaves and stems thank you this practice will Aid in their ability to undergo photosynthesis more effectively when unpacking your suitcases start segregating the dirty clothes from the ones you didn't wear take out all the toiletries medicines and makeup items you packed and immediately putting them back in their designated places it's important not to delay this tip as leaving them for later can quickly lead to a buildup of clutter making your home appear disorganized and messy take stock of essential supplies in your home such as groceries toiletries and cleaning products make a list of items that need to be replenished and plan a shopping trip accordingly if you don't have time consider ordering essential groceries online then resuming milk delivery and returning on the RO system if needed by prioritizing this task you will swiftly restore a sense of order and tightness to your home foreign from a vacation there are several house stores to tackle for me one super essential task is doing laundry to make the process more efficient start by segregating your laundry into different piles with each pile representing one load by organizing your laundry this way you can simply move from one load to next just like an auto mode take out the freshly washed clothes and immediately load the second batch this tip is incredibly effective in helping you complete your laundry quickly and conveniently ensuring that your vacation memories aren't overshadowed by a mountain of dirty clothes however it's important to remember one crucial thing give your washing machine a standby time of at least 40 to 60 minutes before starting your next load as it generates heat during each cycle utilize the delayed option to free up your mind and avoid feeling overwhelmed on the bed before leaving for vacation this way when I come back from a long trip even in the middle of the night we can always take a quick nap or sleep on a dust free bed simply by removing the top layer and there is no hassle of changing immediately which can easily consume 50 to 20 minutes it's one of my favorite homemaking tips I have ever learned so far if possible I would cover every surface but you know that's not possible well I do it for my PC printer and I keep all the tabletop items like keyboard and mouse inside the cabinet too this makes dusting surfaces easier and save so much time on cleaning same thing I do for sofas as well they are all covered with bed sheets it takes only one minute to remove them and put them in the washer then run a quick 15 minute cycle to remove the loose dust it saves a lot of time from vacuuming and dusting there is no need to change all the cushion covers right away specially when you are already running out of time to get the home back in order with the help of a cleaning cloth and a cleaning solution you can efficiently restore and reset your home in no time simply dusting the surfaces can instantly transform the atmosphere making your home feel cleaner and more inviting when doing daily cleaning or deep cleaning selecting the right tools reduce half of your burden and time for the carpet I use a vacuum cleaner if you don't have one you can roll and fold the carpet to keep it dust free the living space is done now it's time for me to move on to our dining space changing the dining table cover and vacuuming the seats will be enough for now to maintain a sense of cleanliness in our home to keep my burdens left behind I did not know what it would bring now I'm capable of everything I like to do a quick surface clean before doing any work in the kitchen love everybody after the surface clean I clean only those areas which I am going to touch frequently this way we can maintain a clean and hygienic environment ER or utensil stand first this ensures that I have a clean and organized workspace free from any unnecessary clutter by doing this I can prevent dishes from piling up in the sink which can become overwhelming when trying to get the home back in order after a long break taking just five minutes to quickly wipe down the fridge is also a part of my post vacation home reset routine this cleaning task will be super quick as our fridge is already empty it's a simple task that helps to keep the fridge clean and ready to store the things I have ordered online for me having a clean and well prepared kitchen is essential if the kitchen and countertop are not clean and if lunch is not prepare my mind becomes restless I find it difficult to focus on cleaning until this tasks are taken care of after finishing all the necessary tasks it's time to give the attention to the bathrooms and the high priority area to maintain hygiene to make cleaning easier and more efficient I keep all the essential cleaning supplies and cloths neatly stored in the bathroom cabinet for quick access once everything is cleaned it's time to restore order by placing items back in their designated spots including neatly arranging hand tile Face Tile and bath towels after investing time and effort to tidy up and refresh my home it's truly a moment of pure place I can take comfort in the fact that my home sweet home is now clean inviting and provides a seamless environment for me to smoothly follow my daily routine vacations are always refreshing and rejuvenating let's embrace the joyous moments of being away from home and when it's time to return refer to this stress-free and quick tips to help you reset your beloved home sweet home don't forget to show your support by liking and sharing the video and if you haven't already subscribe to home hashtag live for more such helpful content thank you so much for being here with me today I will see you in the next one till then take care bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @gayathrim1898: I follow her channels too dint know you both are friends
  2. @hansakinkinidevroy1387: Hello,

Where did you buy the water jet spray for watering the plants? Please mention the link
  3. @i.ajaykb: Kent vaccum cleaner or Dyson which is good
  4. @rajnibhoodhar8298: Hello jaya where are you?from so long u didnt upload the videos,is all ok?
  5. @kanikagupta9617: Glad to see that both of you are friends. You both make similar content however Ashu ji style is more minimalistic, yours is more towards aesthetics. I have picked up  few from both of you & evolving each day!
  6. @sweetyahammed9828: wow my most fav person r together❤
  7. @jassi003: Hi Jaya, from where you bought this beautiful study desk
  8. @priyankas5448: above microwave stand from where?
  9. @vijiganesh6634: Sooooo nice!❤
  10. @kanakkothari7096: What prepration done  before  going
  11. @kanakkothari7096: What prepration done  before  going
  12. @lalitalaxminarayan3009: Another thing, do everyone in the home stick to this systematic way of working,??
  13. @lalitalaxminarayan3009: This home looks like a hotel room....... everything in order, and cleaned and organised.
A home is supposed to be more informal and casual.
This cleaning ???? , immediately after returning from vacation?????? will remove all fun of reliving the enjoyment..
  14. @SailathaDevarajan: Your deesses are so neat and good looking, do you have a link of it please
  15. @bhavyaseetharam6423: Which is the liquid you use to clean table, kitchen top ?
  16. @rabiaameen-fh6zj: Kya dinner set dhuljata in dish washer
  17. @rabiaameen-fh6zj: Plz give me tips
  18. @rabiaameen-fh6zj: I m gynecologist have to work hard in my career how I can work like this in my home
  19. @princessofwonderland6029: Dear jaya ap bhi ashu di ki tarah apni videos english ke sath sath hindi dubbed bhi kijye na please taaki jo bhartiya house wife achhe se english nhi smjh sakti hain unko hindi dubbed videos se kafi help mil jayegi apki wajah se ye bhi ek tarah se apni hindi bhasha ki sewa hi hogi apki taraf se 😊😊😊
God bless you my dear 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
  20. @Neeraja...: Can I make a request to make a video sharing some tips on how can we plan packing and organizing while shifting the house please.

- Create Your Own Vacation Rental Welcome Book: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everybody thanks for joining me again i'm rachel with vacation rentals by rachel and we're here for another episode to talk about building your welcome book so before we get started please make sure you subscribe to my channel down below so we can keep these videos coming at you so first of all i want to say i do have an old school physical welcome book and i have one of these at each of my properties and i think they're really important to include for a variety of reasons so first of all you want to include information about your house rules and about how to operate certain things within your home and you also want to be able to give the guests a bunch of recommendations for things about your local area such as dining or fun attractions and activities for them to do now your welcome book is going to be specific to your property but should include a variety of different things inside here are some items to include in your welcome book your house rules of course should be front and center but try not to make this too wordy because the guests will struggle to read this if it's really lengthy make sure to include the important things such as quiet time and other specific rules for your household emergency information this includes safety information about your home as well as emergency contacts in the local area so i like to include a local pharmacy and a veterinary hospital if applicable wi-fi password that one's self-explanatory as well as check-in and checkout times make sure you include the specific instructions for how to operate things like your television your hvac system if you have a swimming pool or spa or any specific instructions for the barbecue all of those things you'll want contained in this location as well for garbage and recycling information you can include the information for when the garbage needs to go out to the street parking and transportation if that applies to your home dining recommendations this is a really big one and i'll show you later how i include menus as well local attractions you can include contact information start times or hours of business as applicable and then of course make sure to include your checkout instructions and for me again i try to make these fairly simple so that the guests make sure that they can read and understand them so i made my welcome book by purchasing a format on etsy which then used canva to make the pages let me show you so for example here's some specific house rules and emergency info and i really like how it sets it all up with a nice cohesive design throughout the look of the books here's a quick overhead view of my welcome book starting with the front page here's the meet the host and about the home house rules i like this really simplistic graphic view emergency contact information check-in and checkout time security safety information about the kitchen garbage and recycling information transportation local parking information wi-fi here's the password air conditioning and heat a lot of information there for our guests favorite places to eat here's a list of summer activities with contact information including phone numbers and websites winter activities same thing here and then an additional page in case they need other stuff to do a list of additional 10 items and then this is my checkout list again very simplistic and easy to read and then here are some additional sites where you can find my property and then i throw in a few extra pamphlets from local attractions you can also include information in your welcome book about how to find you through other methods so if they booked your site through airbnb or vrbo you could include a lot of information here with your direct booking information another tool i like to use for that are these little placards which i also found on etsy and i'll put the information down below though i don't receive any compensation or kickback for recommending these i think they're really neat and i put them in a couple different locations in each property so that for people who really like to use facebook or instagram they can find my site that way and i utilize those sites for advertising like last minute cancellations of really popular times if i have any specials or discounts that are coming up i also like to advertise a lot of local activities i'm near a ski mountain so like when the season passes go on sale i'll put that information on my website to help just generate interest and keep people interested in coming back to my vacation rental for those local activities each property's welcome book is going to be individual and custom for your property some people choose not to have a physical welcome book anymore and they're using more online or digital products one that i've heard about is touch stay i've chosen so far not to utilize that one because it does have a subscription fee monthly and in just trying to get things up and running and trying to be very profitable i've chosen not to go that route though there are some things to consider for that touch stay allows you to create a digital welcome book that then you can send your guests ahead of time before they arrive at your property and this is really great if you're in an area that they need to do things far in advance so if they need to make reservations for an activity or for dining experience for example you may want to alert them when they book that reservation and so sometimes it's handy to have that available ahead of time the other alternative to that is my welcome book is available in a pdf format and so if i have a guest who's having questions that i think would be answered i can send that pdf to them ahead of time so those are a couple different options for that so of course your welcome book is going to be much different than mine the other thing i wanted to mention about welcome books is they're a great way to throw in a few extra things towards the back so let me just show you i've got some um menus so as i go around to restaurants downtown i tell them i'm a local vacation rental owner and i ask them for copies of their menus and if i can't get them that way i can usually find them online and just print them out and that's kind of handy when you're thinking as a guest where am i going to go eat breakfast or where can i get a great beer after my skiing that day you can find it in the welcome book similarly i include activities so um just information where they can rent gear uh hours that places are open so i include that in my welcome book as well so again your welcome book is going to be different than mine and my properties from one to the next have much different welcome books but that's the part where you get to customize so it really fits your guests that are seeking that particular area and experience so good luck with your welcome book put a lot of time and effort into it because it really will be the your voice as your guests are staying in your home and if you have any questions please make some comments below i'd love to reach back out to you make sure you subscribe to my channel below so i can keep these videos coming at you because i love making them and love talking about vacation rentals so thanks for joining me again today guys have a great day what are you doing for sake

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mr.Bexley-lc4gh [1 likes]: Thank you for posting your knowledge and work. The welcome book is very thorough and I liked the icons you used. It helped me create my book on canva.
  2. @michaelspaargaren5595 [1 likes]: Don't you hate when video posters never reply to comments and questions?
  3. @alexisbowman1555 [1 likes]: You did an awesome job on your book! I could hardly find any videos on here that were as informative as yours. I'm now ready to complete my book. Thanks a lot Rachel!
  4. @shreyplaylist [1 likes]: Hey Rachel it was really a great  informative video 😊 love from india 🇮🇳  keep making more such videos
  5. @audaniataylor4853: Great idea about the "do nots"; having icons with simple text. Thank you!~
  6. @rehanasquire2571: Thank u so much
  7. @rebeccaarcher6362: thank you!!!!
  8. @leticiareyna2524: Love your video! Got all the information I needed with format :) thank you!
  9. @jamescc2010: Nice book. How is your airbnb doing ?
  10. @neelamsalmen3101: I found the name of the site. I had not scrolled down. Thank you again
  11. @neelamsalmen3101: Rachel:  thank you for all the info.  What is the name of the site you got the program to make/ format /layout the pages

- Cabin Winter Maintenance Checklist | Keep Your Log Home Winter-Ready: Kind: captions Language: en Is your log cabin ready for winter? Don't wait until the snow falls to find out. Our cabin winter maintenance checklist walks you through the simple steps to protect your investment inside and out. From sealing and staining to checking for drafts and proper drainage, we've got you covered. Read the full checklist on our website today and keep your log home in top shape all season long. >> Visit Logmasters Restorations to read the full checklist and get your cabin winter ready.

- How to Create a Spring & Summer Vacation Rental Maintenance Checklist-094: Kind: captions Language: en Ever walked into your rental in the first hot week of the summer and immediately spotted broken gutters, dirty vents, or mold creeping in? A workable vacation rental maintenance checklist can save you unexpected surprises. Before we dive in, hit that subscribe button and tap the little bell so you don't miss future episodes. Whether you're a vacation rental newbie or a seasoned host, this one is a must listen or watch. Let me ask you something. When was the last time you checked your AC filters or the condition of your patio furniture? Or you just muttered, "Well, don't worry. You're not alone." Spring and summer are peak booking seasons for most vacation rentals. That means sunshine, full calendars, and unfortunately, maintenance headaches waiting to strike you if you're not prepared. That's why we made this checklist. A little prep now equals less stress later. Spring maintenance must dos. Spring is your pregame warm-up. It's all about waking your property up after a sleepy winter. Make sure you check the HVAC and air systems. Guests don't forgive sweaty nights. Clean filters, test the AC units, and service your HVAC. Check vents and thermostats. Smart tech helps here a lot. Now, here's a fact. A dirty air filter can increase energy use by 15%. That's worth a five minute swap, right? Two, outdoor power wash. Think patios, decks, siding, walkways, moss, mold? Nope. Guests will notice. Use a mix of vinegar and elbow grease, or hire a local cleaner who won't break the budget. Three, gutter and roof check. Leaves and winter debris equal water damage risks. I a roofer or do a quick drone fly over if you're techsavvy. Four, window and screen cleaning. Sparkling windows equal wow factor. Also, screens keep bugs out and that's something guests really care about. Want more DIY tips? Check out the vacation rental resolutions podcast. Now, here are your summer maintenance essentials. Summer equals full calendars and guest turnover. Your goal, smooth sailing. First things you check, inspect outdoor furniture. No one wants to sit on a rusty chair or worse, fall off one, tighten screws, wipe cushions, replace faded or moldy items. Two, pest control. Summer equals bugs, so get ahead of them. Schedule a spray or use natural repellents like centinella and peppermint oil. Did you know that ants leave scent trailils to guide others? Wipe surfaces with vinegar to disrupt your GPS. Three, barbecue and outdoor kitchen prep. Clean grills. Refill propane and leave clear usage instructions. Bonus points if you stock barbecue tools in a labeled bin. Guests will love you for it. Four, deep clean that welcome mat. I mean it literally. It's small, but it's the first thing guests see. Shake it out, vacuum it, and maybe even replace it seasonally. A bonus, one system to rule them all. Want to save time and avoid mismaintenance? Here's my personal system. Create a Google sheet with seasonal tasks. Add dates for each item. Set calendar reminders. You only need to do this once. Share it with your cleaner or handyman. That's it. No fancy apps, just old school organization that works. This system is part of the launch your first vacation rental course. We walk you through how to create your custom maintenance tracker. What's one maintenance task you always forget until guests complain? Let me know by dropping it in the comments. Here are your key takeaways. Spring is for wake up work. Summer equals outdoor polish. Guests notice small details. Prevent bugs before they invade. Use a simple seasonal system. Spring and summer maintenance doesn't have to be a grind. It's about setting up systems that work for you. Your future self and your five-star reviews will thank you. And hey, if you are still figuring out how to juggle it all, don't go it alone. The launch your first vacation rental course walks you through this and much more. Need more checklists, ideas, or inspiration? Join the launch your first vacation rental course? Get the tools, templates, and support you need. And if you like this episode, you might also like, how can technology help uncover vacation rental hidden costs? Episode 27. Subscribe so you don't miss next week's episode. And if you like this one, feel free to buy us a coffee. It helps keep the advice flowing.

- 20+ Things You MUST Do In Your Cruise Cabin On DAY 1!: Kind: captions Language: en As soon as you get to your cruise ship cabin, there are a few things that you must do right away. Skipping them will have you miss out on some first come, first serve amenities, reduce your comfort, and negatively impact your whole cruise experience. I'm Cat and today I'm sharing 29 things you want to do in a first couple hours on a cruise ship to start your cruise right, including a few that even experienced cruisers often miss. Now, before we dive in, hit that subscribe button so you don't miss any of the cruise tips that can save you time, money, and stress on your next vacation. Let's start with something that seems obvious, but it's so important. Checking your bed configuration. Have you ever walked into your cabin and found twin beds when you requested a queen or vice versa? Well, this happens all the time, and it's super easy to fix. As soon as you walk in, check to see if the beds are set up as you requested. And if not, you don't have to live with that. The crew is incredibly busy on imbarcation day, but this one request is one that they're going to accommodate 100% of the time. Speaking of cabin stewards, meeting yours should be one of the first priorities. These amazing crew members are going to be taking care of your home away from home for the entire cruise. And building a good relationship from day one makes a huge difference. I always make a point to introduce myself, learn their name, and chat just for a minute when I first arrive. And this is also a perfect time to make any special requests, which we'll talk about throughout this video. Your cabin steward wants you to have a great cruise experience, and they can make that happen in so many ways if you just ask nicely. Now, let's talk about unpacking. I know it's tempting to just drop your bags and head straight to the pool deck or the buffet, but trust me on this. Unpack completely as soon as you get your suitcase delivered to your cabin. Cuz nothing makes this tiny cruise cabin feel more cramped than living out of a suitcase for a week. Take time to hang up your clothes, fill the drawers, and organize your toiletries in a bathroom. And then you can store your empty luggage under the bed. Most cruise ships beds are raised specifically to accommodate suitcases underneath. This simple step immediately gives you so much more usable space in your cabin, which they're all pretty small. Doesn't matter what size cabin you get. Now, have you ever noticed those decorative pillows on the bed or a couch in your cruise cabin? Well, here's a little secret. Those things are rarely washed between passengers. So, it's best to always remove them immediately and store them somewhere in a closet or under the bed. It's just one less thing to worry about, and it gives you more space on your bed or couch anyway. Cruise cabins are notorious for their clever use of space. But that means storage can be hidden in places you might not even think to look. So, take a few minutes to hunt the hidden storage areas. They look for drawers under the couch or the bed, cabinets behind mirrors. There shelves sometimes in very unexpected places. If you're a seasoned cruiser, you probably bring some cabin accessories with you. Now, it's time to set those up. Magnetic hooks are amazing since most cruise cabin walls are metal. They're perfect for hanging hats, lanyards, or even wet swimsuits. Over the door organizers can add a ton of storage in a bathroom, especially in older ships where storage is not as good as on newer ones. And don't forget your travel adapters for all those electronics. Next up is the mini bar. If you don't plan to use it, empty it right away. Unlike hotels, most cruise ships don't automatically charge you for moving those items. So, clearing out the mini bar gives you the space to store your own drinks or snacks. Just be sure to tell your cabin steward you've moved the items so they don't think you've consumed them. Now, let's talk about comfort. Those cruise ship mattresses can be hit or miss. I like a really soft bed, and on most cruises, mattresses are just way too firm to the point of waking up with pain in my back. So, I always request a mattress topper right away. And it makes a big difference, but they're usually first come, first serve. So, if you wait a few hours, they might be out of them. Now, while you're at it, don't hesitate to ask for extra pillows, blankets, or even a top sheet if the bed only has a blanket. And if you are an inside cabin or just like better air circulation, you can try to request a fan. One time we actually got a box fan delivered to our cabin because we were hot, couldn't sleep, and the steward did everything to locate one for us. So, again, these comfort items are usually available in limited quantities. So asking early is the key. The same goes for other cabin conveniences like bathroes, wine glasses, a corkcrew, or having your ice bucket filled daily. None of these are standard in every cabin, but most cruise lines will provide them if you just ask. Let's move on to safety and security. As soon as you arrive, put all your valuables in the safe. if you're talking about passport, wallet, jewelry, and yes, the cruise ship is a safe place, but there are many times throughout the cruise where your cabin might be left open. So, when somebody's cleaning your room, that door might be propped open when they go get something. So, definitely secure your valuables even though the cruise ship does feel like a very secure place. Make sure to test the safe, too. lock it and unlock it once to ensure you understand how it works because there's nothing worse than securing your valuables and then not being able to get them back out. And if it doesn't work, they can come reset it. That's not going to be a problem. Now, the next one might sound a bit paranoid, but it's worth doing. Check for bed bugs. Even the cleanest cruise ships can occasionally have issues. Now, we've never actually had it on our cruises, but I have heard of people who had that problem. So, you want to place your luggage in the bathroom temporarily and then pull back the sheets and check the mattress corners and seams for any signs of bed bugs. You want to look for small black dots or tiny bugs in the creases. It only takes a few seconds to check and it can save you from a vacation unpleasantries. Now, while we're talking about cleaning this, consider disinfecting hightouch areas in your cabin. We're talking about things like light switches, TV remote, phone, door handles, and bathroom fixtures because they are touched by hundreds of people, and a quick wipe with some disinfectant wipes can help you have that peace of mind, especially during cold and flu season. Take a couple minutes to check that everything in your cabin works properly. So things like testing lights, making sure your closet doors open and close, verify that your balcony door can lock securely, and check that the bathroom fixtures function. And if anything is not working right, report it immediately. They do have crews working all the time. The maintenance team can usually fix these issues quickly if they know about them early. Now, for the tech setup, first, find all the power outlets and USB ports in your cabin. If you're in an older ship, you might have one plug. And if you're on a newer ship, quite a few times, there are going to be some places where not so obvious that you will have plugs and USB outlets. So, you can check bedside lamps, under desks, and behind furniture. Thankfully, on the newer ships, they do have more USB ports built into bedside lamps or right by the bed. So, it makes it easier to charge your phones. Otherwise, you have to get creative on how to charge your phones at night. If you purchased Wi-Fi, try to set it up right away before the ship sails. Connection is often better still in port. And if you wait and there's a problem, the line is only going to get longer and longer during that afternoon. So, if you do it right when you get on the ship, you can be one of the first ones in that line to get help from the internet desk. While you got the tech things going, check out the TV channels, too. If you're on the inside cabin, you can actually locate the bridge cam channel and use it as your window to the outside world, which kind of helps you keep track of weather, port arrivals, and just knowing what time of the day it is. Also, don't forget to find and watch your mustard drill. On some ships, it's going to be on your app. On other ships, it's going to be on the phone. And some ships still do use the old-fashioned mustard drill where you have to physically go and watch somebody put that life jacket on in front of you. Most cruise lines now require you just to watch the safety video in your cabin instead of attending the physical mustard drill and then check in somewhere. And so make sure to complete any verification steps required. You don't want to be called out over the ship's PA system because the ship can't sail because you didn't show up for your mustard drill. Before you start unpacking and moving things around, take some photos and videos of your cabin because this is great for memories and sharing on social media, but it's also helpful reminder how things were originally arranged if you move furniture around. And you know what? That cabin will never be as clean and tidy as when you first arrive. Take a few minutes to check the paperwork and the documentation left in your cabin. Doesn't matter what cruise line you're on, you'll usually find the daily planner, information about excursions you've booked, maybe details about your loyalty benefits. Of course, there'll be invitations to things like spa raffles and art auctions and pretty much anything else that they're trying to promote. But reading through these right away helps you plan your first day and not miss out any important information. You also want to figure out how your ship handles cabin service requests. Some ships have the traditional door hangers for do not disturb or please make up the room, while other newer ships have electronic switches or magnetic signs. And understanding this system helps ensure that your cabin gets serviced when you want it to be and not when you're trying to nap. The next tip might sound simple, but it's important to just take a moment to sit down, relax, and plan out the rest of your day before rushing out of your cabin. Embarcation day can get hectic and everybody's excited to explore the ship, but taking just a minute to review your daily schedule, get your bearings in a row, make a loose plan for the day can make everything run more smoothly. If you're planning to attend a formal night, and need anything pressed, it's best to request pressing service for your formal wear right away. The ship's laundry gets swamped with these requests, especially if the formal night is early on a cruise, and so handling all these items over on day one, ensures that they'll be back on time, wrinkle-free, and ready to wear. Now, if you're like me and you love those cute little towel animals, not all Captain Stewarts make them automatically anymore, but many of them will make one for you if you request it. I know it's silly. It's a little thing, but you know what? There's nothing like having that monkey hanging on the hanger that just brightens up your mood when you walk back into your cabin. And this is especially fun if you're traveling with kids. So, just mention it to your steward when you meet them. They often enjoy making those little creatures for appreciative guests. For those with medical needs, don't wait to request accommodations. If you use a CPAP machine, ask for an extension cord and inquire about distilled water. And it's best to do this before you even sail. But if you forgot, this is the time to do it. If you need things like sharps container for medical injections, request one right away because these items are usually available but in limited supply. Now, if you want to make sure your cabin door is easier to find in those long identical hallways, well, consider decorating it on cruise lines that do allow it, which most still do. Magnetic decorations are perfect since they don't damage the door. They're easily to remove, and this is especially helpful after a late night at the ship's bar when all those doors start looking the same, or if you're traveling with kids, just to help them find the cabin easier. Here's a tip most people never think about. Remove the extra hangers from the closet. When the ship starts moving, those extra hangers will slide back and forth, hitting the walls of the closet and making this annoying banging sound that will keep you awake at night. I always take the extras and just store them on a closet floor or under the bed or somewhere where they're not going to be moving. If you're traveling with a family in a cabin that has Pullman beds or a sofa bed, request that they be put away during the day. These beds do take up a lot of valuable space when they're down. And having them stowed away until bedtime makes the cabin a lot more usable during the waking hours. Your cabin steward can handle this during the daily service if you let them know your preference. And check your bathroom amenities and function. So make sure toiletries are stocked, the shower drain works properly, and there are no plumbing issues. If you notice any problems or need any additional items, make sure to report them right away discovering that your shower doesn't drain properly when you're already all soaped up. And if you're interested in learning about free things you can get on your cruise, then check out the video that I'm going to lick right here. And don't forget to hit that like button if you found this video helpful. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @my3dazies [24 likes]: I check the bed corners for bed bugs. I check for mold and toilet paper. LoL
  2. @Duncaniowa17 [23 likes]: I tip my cabin stewards Day One. In 30 years of Cruising with many Cruise Lines, this simple action improves service. I hand the Stewards a $20 bill wrapped around a chocolate bar. The Crew can’t buy on Board what Passengers can, plus on their 1/2 days off they rarely go to a store to buy this. This was first told to me by a colleague who worked in the industry. 
The Crew sometimes uses the chocolate as a kind of currency. Or to help out a friend on a tough day. I carry several bars for this purpose. The word gets around the Crew is that you understand how tough the job is, and the tip up front in cash ( of whatever Country the embarkation port is) vs putting it a credit card at the end of the voyage is appreciated. Plus it gives Crew extra money to spend on a Day Off. After doing this once, I was greeted by Crew everywhere for thinking of their situation.
  3. @CruisingKat [10 likes]: Do you have any other things that you normally do in your cabin on the first day of the cruise? Leave them below!
  4. @jacquelinemccoy6607 [8 likes]: I clean the room thoroughly!!!!
  5. @my3dazies [7 likes]: I have a question. 
Did anyone feel like that they needed naps during the day? I don’t think I ever slept as much as I did that week. Even with the concrete beds.
  6. @JohnVanderbeck [4 likes]: Take a picture of your room number with your phone, then set it as the lock screen on your devices so that anyone who wakes them can see the room number.  This isn't for you, this is so if you misplace or leave a phone or tablet, there is a better chance of it finding its way back to you.
  7. @chica-jinx5811 [4 likes]: I wipe down door handles, phones, TV remote and anything else with Clorox Wipes.
  8. @rodrickthompson2799 [4 likes]: I must say this is by far the most solid, informing, and thorough video of the first day aboard!!! Good job Kat!!!!!!🙌✋🔥
  9. @lets_dive_deep [3 likes]: Ive seen on policy now 
They will remove pineapple 🍍 paraphernalia from doors now
  10. @annaaron3510 [3 likes]: Good suggestions. Where is your accent from ?
  11. @rodrickthompson2799 [3 likes]: I never unpack my  clothes!!
  12. @kennethwise2079 [2 likes]: We always wipe down the touch points with Lysol wipes.
  13. @briggsontheroadbriggs8559 [2 likes]: We put a magnetic sticker on our front door, so easy to find our riom, especially if traveling with friends and family.
  14. @luisjayson [2 likes]: 12:03 pineapple. If you know you know
  15. @my3dazies [2 likes]: On the NCL Bliss there are usb plugs on the base (side) of the bed lights (on the wall).
  16. @Michael-iw3ek [1 likes]: Is she sending us the pineapple signal at 12:06?
  17. @MotoNorseman: My wife takes the drawers and I leave most of my clothes in the suitcase.  I open it flat and push it under the bed. Then I just need to slide it out, grab my clothes, and push it back under the bed.
  18. @JohnVanderbeck: I always find it amusing that people worry about not finding their door "in a long hallway of similar doors" on a cruise ship but not at hotels which is exactly the same.
  19. @hvlineman5227: I write my cabin number and floor on my hand so when I get hammered I know where to find my bed. Also, first thing husbands should take care of in cabin is the wifey. If this is not possible, ask a neighbor 🤷‍♂️
  20. @quartytypo: Cruise cabin is not like a hotel room. You can't get another cabin if you don't like it.

- 6 things to get done when you arrive in Canada (Toronto) in the first week! 🇨🇦🍁: Kind: captions Language: en when you first arrive in canada it can be super exciting but at the same time also feel a bit challenging you have all these questions like what about health insurance what about internet where should i live before i first arrived in canada about four years ago i wish that i had a complete checklist of all the things that i needed to do so guys in this video today i want to share with you six things that you should get done in the first week of arriving in canada to make your life as easy as possible and for each thing i'm gonna tell you what you need to do why it's important and the very basic steps for doing it but before we start just a general disclaimer i am not an immigration consultant nor a financial advisor so anything that i'm going to tell you in this video is purely based on my own experience so guys here are six things that you should get done in the first week of arriving in canada and preferably in this order and i'll tell you why later the first thing that you must do once you arrive here at the airport on the first day even is to get a presto card so what is a presto card you might ask presto card is a card that you can use for public transportation in the greater toronto area here in canada taking an uber or a lift can get pretty expensive you might want to do that on your first or second day but afterwards in general unless you have a car it's really a good idea and a convenient way to use public transportation and instead of buying a ticket every time you hop on a bus or a subway it's a much easier way to simply buy this presto card so if you're arriving here with your family and you have kids you might be wondering who needs this presto card everyone needs to pay for public transportation but kids until the age of 12 can ride for free so now your next question might be where do i get this presto card it's very easy in fact once you arrive at toronto pearson airport there just look out for the public transportation area just follow the signs and there you will see a fair vending machine and you can buy this presto card from this fair vending machine with a deposit of six dollars so the six dollars is the deposit and on top of that you top up an amount of money and i would suggest initially to put anything between twenty to thirty dollars on your card and if you're curious to know more about public transportation in general here in toronto then check out this playlist up here where i talk in much detail about different modes of transportation here in toronto what they cost how to buy tickets etc by the way guys if you found this video useful so far then i would really appreciate it if you'd hit the like button because that would tell me that you're interested in this kind of content and that i'll continue to make it and also guys make sure that you leave your comments and your questions down below and i'll do my best to get back to you the second thing that you should do in the first week of arriving here in toronto is to get your sin number or your social insurance number so why and what do you need this sin number four you will need this number if you want to work if you get a job then your employer will ask you for your syn number to open a bank account something we'll talk about later you actually do not necessarily have to have a syn number but for bank accounts that earn you interest or for investment accounts where there is a potential capital gain because when you submit your income tax report to the cra or the canadian revenue agency then you will need to report your interest earnings and along with that they will also ask for your sin number so what does this number look like it is not a card it is just a simple piece of paper it just looks like a printout and you can apply for this either online but i would not recommend this especially if you do not have a fixed address here yet and apart from that things can get lost in the mail and it takes time and so on so if you're new here in toronto i would highly recommend you to just go to a service canada location and apply for instant number in person and the benefit of that is also that if you have any outstanding questions you can ask the officer there on the spot so there are two ways to do this if you want to go in person you can just go straight to the location or you can make an appointment online but so far i must tell you i never made an appointment i usually just went straight to a service canada location but in that case you need to be prepared to have around one to two hours of time because if there's a longer queue then you would need to wait for a bit so if you apply in person you will get your sin number on the spot on that day they will print out that piece of paper with the number on it and hand it out to you so once you have your sin number this piece of paper guard it very carefully store it in a safe place and make sure that no one has access to your number because if anyone with bad intentions gets hold of your syn number they could potentially misuse it and conduct fraud with it the next question you might have is what kind of documents do i need to apply for this sin number and instead of listing down all the documents i will link down this website here that you should access and go through the steps that will lead you to a list of documents by the way you might also be wondering who needs the syn number if you're here as pr you definitely should get a syn number because you are eligible to work and thus you will need the syn number the same of course applies when you're here on a work permit you came here to work and thus you need that syn number but even if you're here as a student and if you have a study permit in many cases check it out on your study permit by the way at the bottom section usually you are permitted to work for a certain number of hours and even though you're just a student if you earn any money at the beginning of the next year you will need to submit an income tax report and for that you will need a syn number by the way guys if you're here as a permanent resident i've made a video earlier which i'll link up here on how you can get your syn number as pr okay guys the third thing that you should definitely do in your first week of arriving here in canada is to get a local cell phone plan and there are three important reasons for that the first reason is that if you come over here but you continue to use your overseas cell phone plan then chances are that you will be paying a lot in roaming fees it's just more expensive whereas if you get a local cell phone plan usually you'll get a certain number of free call minutes and free texts each month the second reason is that having a local cell phone number can be very important in your quest to get your first job here or even to get your accommodation and the reason is very simple when you're trying to get a new job or you're applying for an apartment and then the employer or the landlord looks at your phone number and sees that oh it seems to not be a canadian number it seems that this is a foreign number so it could be possible that the person is still overseas so why should i really bother right so having and using a local phone number will indicate to a potential employer or landlord that you are actually already in canada and that you can actually meet them and you're serious about it and you're not just probing or not just researching right and the third reason why you should quickly get a local cell phone plan is because by having that and making regular and on-time payments each month that will actually contribute to your credit history and guys if you are planning to settle in canada and buy a house one day or even just apply for an increase in your credit card limit then your credit history and your credit score is very important and your cell phone your cell phone history the payments especially will contribute to a better credit history now your next question might be which cell phone provider should i go with there are so many right so this is just based on my own experience but for the last four years since i arrived here in canada i've used the provider kudo kudo belongs to a larger company called telus and the reason is simply because friends whom we stayed with in the beginning recommended kudo to us and so far i must say that in general i didn't have any problems with the coverage and the internet so far so good and price wise i think they're also competitive but honestly you can go for any provider which you think offers the best deal for you a quick note about cost because this is something that you might be really curious about how much does it cost to have a cell phone plan here in canada if you already own your own cell phone then it starts anywhere from fifteen dollars and above but honestly guys this is my honest opinion uh fifteen dollar cell phone plan doesn't do much for you if you need a certain amount of data and if that's at least four gigabytes or six gigabytes which is not a lot of data anyway right then you have to be prepared to pay anywhere between 40 50 to 60 dollars each month but if you don't own a cell phone then many many companies here offer very great package deals which include a phone which you can pay in installments or what is also called having a tab plus the monthly plan for the call minutes text and data but one tip here guys i would advise you not to rush into buying a cell phone too soon because during black friday in november and boxing day in december there are usually a ton of really really great offers and sometimes you can even get a cell phone for zero dollars and that's something that i'll make a video about later your next question might be okay where do i get a cell phone plan and it's very easy i think as a newcomer here the easiest thing you can do is just go to the nearest mall just go to the nearest mall and apply for a cell phone plan there the benefit will be that you will have all the providers side by side and you can compare their offers in real time the fourth important thing that you should get done in the first week of arriving in canada is of course to open a bank account and the reason is very simple almost all transactions here in canada are carried out electronically i mean in some places like small grocery shops you still pay with cash or you might also use some small change if you're using a coin laundry but usually most people will just use their debit card or their credit card and apart from that you want to open a bank account to receive payments when you start your job or to make payments to other people via interac or wire transfer etc another reason of course is that once you start earning money here in canada you definitely want to start saving and even open an investment account perhaps so one of your questions now might be which bank do you recommend where should i open my bank account and for this i must say i do not have a specific recommendation most big banks here in canada like scotiabank td cibc and so on offer what is called a newcomer bank account and they usually offer things like a welcome gift special offers and so on so definitely look into newcomer bank account and by the way guys i recently made a video on the newcomer bank account offered by scotiabank and if you're interested in that you can check out this link above here usually the banks don't just offer checkings and savings accounts for newcomers but they also offer them credit cards and considering that they know that newcomers do not have the same kind of credit history and employment history and so on in some cases they have a special process i think is a bit more lenient so it makes it kind of easier for you as a newcomer to get your first credit card now how much does it cost to open a bank account and the answer is in most cases to get a plain vanilla bank account savings account it doesn't cost you anything but there are usually monthly fees and those monthly fees that are usually around anywhere from 10 to 20 dollars per month will be applied if your balance drops below a certain amount so it differs from bank to bank at some banks it's one thousand at some others two or three thousand dollars so you need to maintain that amount and if you don't if you drop below that then you will be charged uh let's say 15 or so service charge which on an annual basis is quite a lot of money and in case you're asking where should i open my bank account at which branch it actually doesn't matter at which branch you open your bank account because even if you open your bank account at branch a you will still be able to transact at branch b and the fifth thing that you should do in your first week of arriving in canada is start searching for accommodation you might not immediately get it during your first week but at least you should get the process started when you first arrive in canada at first you might be living with relatives or with friends or even at an airbnb but after a while you don't want to stay with them forever and an airbnb costs a lot of money right so what you want to do is to get your permanent or at least semi-permanent accommodation so one challenge that many newcomers often face when they first arrived here and it was a big challenge for us as well was that we didn't necessarily have all the documents that are typically required when you apply for an accommodation and that's by the way how it works here in canada so if you want to rent a place you have to submit an application with the required documents and those usually consist of your credit score your credit history and employment letter if you're employed to show that you have a regular a stable income and also proof of income like pay stubs and so on but if you've just arrived here and especially if you're a student usually you won't have all of those things and because of that and because i've also experienced this problem for myself i made a video specifically on this on how you as a newcomer can find your first place to live and i'll link this video up here for you now where can you find your accommodation there are many places to look for you just go online some places for example are padmapper also facebook or one suggestion that i would have is just to type in property management companies property management companies are companies that usually do not have only one apartment building but they have several apartment buildings with many units in them and that will offer you a larger range of choices and also based on my experience usually they are also a bit more lenient with the process the sixth thing that you should get done once you arrive here in canada is to get your health insurance in order i bet that before arriving in canada you have at least signed up for a travel insurance and if you haven't if you're still overseas and you're not in canada yet i would strongly strongly advise this because guys you never never know what happens on the way of course we hope for the best but it's always better to have this travel insurance at least you're covered for the first weeks but once you arrive in canada you want to have a local health insurance so there are a few different cases if you are pr permanent residence with your whole family then you are eligible to get oh or the ontario health insurance plan and it is very very easy to apply for ohip and i've also made a video on ohip as well as other videos about health insurance and i will link the playlist to that up here and you can check that out after finishing watching this video so ohip is not that great but it's not that bad either but i think i could make another video dedicated to that but at least what it will do is to give you the very basic coverage you need in case you need medical services and that can give you peace of mind so let's talk about the other cases what if you hear on a study permit if you're here on a study permit usually your institution will require you to sign up for health insurance and usually the institution will work together with a health insurance company and offer you a health insurance package for students at a discounted price but don't just accept it at face value i would really recommend you to read through the details and read through what is covered exactly and then depending on your particular health situation you might want to add an additional private insurance on top of that and there are many here in canada for example zigna empire life insurance blue cross and so on if you're here on a work permit and you have a full-time permanent job then usually one of your benefits will include health insurance and same in that case make sure that you read through the details and check out what is covered and what is not and in most cases your employer will give you the possibility to opt in for additional health insurance coverage in which case you would usually need to pay an additional amount of money by the way guys if you're arriving here in canada in the fall then you must know that winter is coming and winter here in canada is really harsh and in case you're wondering what you need to prepare in terms of winter clothing and so then you can also check out this video over here in which i explain about the nine essential items that you must have if you're planning to live in toronto canada thank you so much for watching guys have an awesome day and i'll see you again next time [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @zerkorj [3 likes]: As a french it's better to still have your french number on the side with the french provider since in France we have like 300go of internet ( idk the right term) for 30$CAD. So the Canadian prices are really ridiculously expensive for us 😂
  2. @dougiep2769 [2 likes]: Your crazy to move to Canada right now. It’s on the verge of total financial collapse
  3. @cinthiahernandez9717 [1 likes]: Great video! Thank you
  4. @ZeroBoring [1 likes]: For me, the first thing I took care of was health insurance. I wouldn’t spend even an hour in a foreign country without health coverage. In my country, hospitals treat you first and ask for money or paperwork later. In Canada, that’s not the case, so getting health insurance was the very first thing I arranged.
  5. @fasi76206 [1 likes]: This is some great quality information.
  6. @clintbrewster9282: Am from the caribbean trinidad and tobago can i open a bank account in canada?and i also have a scotia bank acount in my country?
  7. @robertcooke2366: I may arrived in Canada soon on vacation i want to stay in a reasonable  hotel for to weeks i need the information please
  8. @vishalchovatiya1361: Excellent video
  9. @Mohamedbehwashyy: Thanks, ur  a savior <3!
  10. @manishabhatia2993: Anything additional to worry about in 2025???
  11. @jujubee6030: We plan on visiting Toronto for a week. If we have money left over on our Presto card after leaving what do we do?
  12. @Pulpswo: When you get your PR you apply for SIN? Does IRCC not get you own along with PR?
  13. @ronnysanjaya6823: Yes thank you.
  14. @rip2025: Get back on a plane and leave,good riddance!!!
  15. @naziashania451: Thank you for these important pieces of information helping us to get prepared before coming :)
  16. @is-sam: Bro, put the url in the description ..
  17. @oscariiicastaneda2894: what tips can you give me...I am trying to move to a bigger place because my wife and son are coming here
  18. @bhawanigurung9913: Plz do a vdo for Vancouver too
  19. @joelarc7635: None of the new comer banks accounts are not worth it unless you've money to begin with.
  20. @anamarijamikulic9676: Thank you kindly for this video ❤